#NAME#NY Pizza Suprema
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ny-pizza-suprema-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Wow!!!! This place's is lit! We walked in because we saw the line out the door and usually that's a good sign .. lol We got 6 different slices and they were all so good! Their selection is great, lots to choose from! Prices (per slice vary) from $5-7. They are pretty generous. I was starving and 2 slices did the trick!
#REVIEW#NY Pizza Suprema has the distinct advantage of location, location  location. Across from MSG  and Penn Station, this pizza establishment serves up a great piece of pie. Order at the counter from 15 or so varieties, pay the man, and find a seat. Our family chose 5 slices of the Suprema, three of  buffalo, and one plain. Once we realized the size the slices, we saw that we were going to be eating a lot, and this we did.  Cost was $5.50 per slice. Did I mention the slices were huge?Excellent pizza verdicted the family. Suprema was outstanding, buffalo was really good, and plain had something amazing I can't pin down.No wonder it has been voted as the best mid-town pozza. Excellent find on our last meal in NYC!
#REVIEW#I'm so glad my friend and I stumbled to this pizzeria! We had a mission to have amazing New York style pizza, and we did! This pizza is fresh out the oven! We order the diabla pizza, so crispy, full of flavor and toasty pepperoni. This picture doesn't do justice, because truly I just wanted to eat it!! For 2 slices we paid $11 definitely worth every dollar! Wow, you don't want to leave New York with out trying some pizza from NY Pizza Suprema! Pizza lover here by the way!
#REVIEW#This is some great NYC style pizza!  Even better when you bring a few friends and order a whole pie, fresh tossed and hot out of the oven.  There is also a large selection of specialty toppings pizza if you're looking for single slices, but those are pre-made and reheated in the oven.  After placing our order, we sat in a booth next to where the pizza slinger was making the pies.  After hand kneading and tossing the dough out for a large pie, spreading out huge ladles of sauce, he was just piling and piling on the cheese and toppings.  It was not too long before our large pie with sausage and mushrooms arrived, steaming hot and overhung edges with no sight of the pan underneath.  It barely fit on the table with our drinks .  Be careful when it's that hot because the thin crust is not too sturdy.  On my first slice, the pointy end gave way and cheese, sausage, mushrooms & sauce ended up on my shirt before I was able to to do the classic NYC bend, fold and bite.  I will NOT be like our mayor and resort to fork and knife.  I was able to salvage the goodies onto my plate though because I was not going to let that good stuff go to waste!  The tomato sauce was surprising though.  There were chunks of tomato in it, so you know it's made fresh from scratch!This pizza is not your high volume, stuff your face 2 Bros $1 questionable cheese slice.  It is a little pricier slice at $28 for a large cheese pie and with our 2 toppings, came out to $36, but it was well worth it!
#REVIEW#Regular slice = Cheese was amazing very strong flavor . Sauce was also very good . Crispy not doughy. Valdez oil spill tho. A very very good slice tho. I give it a rookie score of 8.0. Also got the mushroom weird the mushrooms where kinda shredded not sliced wasn't very good. Regular slice is where it's at. Little bit pricey.
#REVIEW#Emphasis on the supreme in Suprema!! This is my new favorite slice shop in NYC, and I'm so disappointed I have not come here sooner.So far, I've tried the plain cheese and burrata slices. They are INCREDIBLE. The sauce is sweet and unique. The cheese is high quality and fantastic (especially the burrata). And the crust supports the pizza (personally not a fan of the floppy crust).All around perfect slice shop and there's plenty of tables in the back to eat with a small group of friends. Anytime you're coming in/leaving the city via Penn Station, DEFINITELY check out this spot as it's right across the 31st and 8th Ave entrance.
#REVIEW#Came across this pizzeria while on our way to catch Megabus out of NYC and, wow, what a find! Absolutely phenomenal! There about a dozen pies from which to choose your slice (or slices.) Prices include tax and are about $5-$6 per slice.  Definitely worth the price in both portion size and taste! I opted for the potato pizza which was basically scalloped potatoes on a crust! Whoa, momma - it was to die for!Located behind Madison Square Garden, and adjacent to Penn Station, and just a few blocks from Megabus stop, you won't want to.miss this pizzeria if you are in the area. Your tastebuds will thank you. Carryout or grab a seat at booths in back.
#REVIEW#Wow! Oh, wow! I completely understand why NY Pizza Suprema is amazing! Can't go wrong with any of their pizzas! So fresh! So delicious! They also know how to hustle and get everyone their food real fast! Super enjoyed everything we ate! So crunchy and flavorful. Made me and my friend very happy! It got really crowded and I totally get why. They really know how to craft each pie and slice! This is a place I wouldn't mind ordering a full pie. Overall, I know I'll be back here! AS ALWAYS, NOM FOR LIFE!
#REVIEW#Stopped by right after seeing Billy Joel, and it really hit the spot. Perfect end to a perfect night. Glad we got in ahead of the crowd because people were piling in fast. Plenty of options to suit each and every type pizza lover. Line moved quickly and are pizza came fast, hot, and delicious. I got the meat lover's slice and the fra diavolo slice and they were both awesome. As a meat lover, the meat lover was an obvious choice for me, and the fra diavolo just looked delicious I couldn't resist, and my assumptions were correct. The fra diavolo has such a delicious sauce on it with a tiny bit of a spice to it; I really enjoyed it. Love this pizza spot.
#REVIEW#My wife and I stopped by New York on our way from Italy. I tried a lot of pizza down there. Honestly I was underwhelmed with what I had. We went to some highly rated off the tourist path places and we still were not amazed. As a part of our stop in NYC I wanted to try some pizza. This place was by our hotel and the reviews were good. I was really impressed by the regular cheese slice and it was better than anything I had in Italy. I also tried the Fra Diavolo slice. That one blew my mind and tastebuds! It was so good I ordered a second! This place did not disappoint at all and I would say that this is my favorite pizza I've ever had.
#REVIEW#Good pizza, but expensive. There is a wide range of slices, and the ones that I pick are in the $5-6 range. I think they start at $4We've only been at lunch, and the wait time hasn't been too bad. Fortunately there is ample seating (although I think if you go closer to 1pm, you may need to stake out a table). The cheese and toppings are for the most part delicious. My favorite so far is the Suprema pizza. On the other hand, I wasn't a big fan of the Fig pizza, as the sauce that they added was much too sweet. Will return, especially if I have time to kill near Penn Station.
#REVIEW#Look no further for great New York pizza. NY Pizza Suprema is fresh, fast pizza done right. Located right near Madison Square Garden, this is a great stop for some traditional and not-so-traditional pizzas. *Cash only* But, don't worry. There is an ATM right inside where the line starts to form. As other reviews have said, prices range from $4-6 per slice. Although a little pricey for pizza by the slice, I would say it's worth it for the experience!Best Menu Item: We ordered 4 slices of pizza between two people (which was more than enough) so we could try as many flavor combinations as we could. We ordered the Hot Honey, Sicilian, Cheese and the White Garlic.
#REVIEW#I am with Tiffany, this place is overrated. Is this classic NY crust? Light, delicious and on point. Yes. So if you are in this area and ready to pay at least $5 a slice then this might ring your bell. The selection of different pies is impressive. I went with Margarita, and the Burrata, and the cheese on the Burrata was definitely creamy and delicious. That was a winner. The Margarita was solid, nothing to great.It's not a very clean store, I am not sure when they get around to cleaning up but that part needs to be improved. It doesn't offer much in the way of drinks, not even unsweetened tea. Coke, Sprite, Sweet Tea, a small selection of typical fountain drinks from you know who. Two slices and a coke will set you back probably about $14-15 dollars.  It's right on Penn Station so if you are dying for a slice coming in on the train, this could be your first ticket to calories and classic NYC.
#REVIEW#This is a popular pizza slice place, with a bunch of options to choose and seating in the back. The line moves fast, but if it's busy it might be hard to find a seat. The slices are $5-7 each, so it can add up. The slices were mostly fresh, my favorite was the burrata. The slices needed to be warmed a little more, but other than that, each slice had a good amount of toppings and flavor.
#REVIEW#Was looking for a quick, late-night bite and found this spot! Needed to grab something before heading through Penn Station, and it was perfect. Clean, plenty of seating, and the biggest slice I've ever had. A little on the pricey side, but I wasn't complaining. It was delicious and exactly what we were hoping for!
#REVIEW#Fun and quick service. I got the hot honey pizza. Was delicious but I wish it was spicy . The restaurant was clean with minor exceptions. The bathroom is like a closet was so awkward lol. But I will be going back tomorrow the other pizzas looked great!
#REVIEW#NY Pizza Suprema seems like it was endorsed by many celebrities, but I honestly think it's overrated.Slices start out at $5 each which I thought was too pricey. I ordered the meatball pizza and it was pretty underwhelming. The sauce is quite sweet. I personally prefer something a bit more savory. It kind of tastes like someone slathered jam on my pizza.I've had better $2 pizzas in the city.
#REVIEW#Can't go NY and not have some pizza! This one was near where I was at the time my hunger struck! Small lunch line, about a dozen or so people but the people behind the counter were fast, friendly and efficient!  Pizza was delicious, cheesy and a slice of NY.  One of the better pizzas I've had in this city and I would recommend it again
#REVIEW#Solid pizza place.Got Al pastor and Suprema pizza slices, and they were very enjoyable. Came straight from the oven.In general, the cheese is nice and chewy, the crust was thin and gave a good crunch, and the meat/vegetables mixed well with the pizza.The pizza was pretty greasy, but can use a paper towel to soak up some grease.Ordering process was very fast. There seemed to be a $10 credit card minimum. Cost per slice was around $5-7.
#REVIEW#Wasn't too impressed with this pizza shop- I guess because there was so much of a rush/ and I wasn't used to the fast paced environment of NYC. We walked to the spot after we visited the Asian film festival and my friend said this was a really great spot he wanted to take me to. We walked in and the place was packed, which is a good sign, but there we're people yelling out orders and it was just madness. They sold the pizza by slices and by whole pies, but looked like everyone mostly came in for the variety of slices. They had so many different kinds from meat lovers to Hawaiian, to white and a bbq chicken. I picked the Hawaiian and my friend got a meat lovers. The slices were big but not sure they were worth the 6 bucks per slice! Once it came to sitting down we were stuck walking around and all the tables were full- so we had to stand by some counter where crowds of other people were standing while waiting to sit down. We had to wait till someone else got up and left to sit down, we got lucky and got a table that wasn't filthy- there wasn't any staff wiping tables down either which was weird- and everything was just crazy in there. When it came time to the pizza- I wasn't impressed. The Chicago style pizza I had earlier in the day at some spot called Emily was ten times tastier. The pizza was a bit dry and the cheese on it tasted strange- but didn't wanna complain since my friend was treating me. The crust was tasty though and I enjoyed myself once we finally had a chance to sit down and talk. Maybe NYC and the fast paced crazy environment just isn't my thing.
