#NAME#Cull & Pistol Oyster Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cull-and-pistol-oyster-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#We loved our visit to Cull & Pistol this weekend. It was our first time visiting the Chelsea Market and we passed by this oyster bar and couldn't help but get sucked in. The price is unbeatable and the oysters, shrimp, lobster, and langoustines are PHENOMENAL. I would recommend ordering one of the platters and then adding items if you desire.We ordered the middle tier platter, which was $67 for 12 oysters, 6 shrimp, and 2 langoustines. We added two half lobsters and 2 more langoustines.Service was wonderful and the food is unbeatable. We'll be back! Can't beat the price and quality.
#REVIEW#Cull & Pistol Oyster Bar is located right next to The Lobster Place inside of Chelsea Market. We came in on a Friday night. The place was full. Wait time ~10 minutes. They have a regular menu and a separate fresh seafood menu where you can choose from a variety of oysters, clams, shrimp, crab, lobster, caviar, etc.I asked for a 1/2 pound of king crab legs (~$26) with a side of butter. The waiter rudely said "we don't have butter here." He didn't suggest any other dipping sauces that they may have either. All of this seafood and you don't have something as simple as butter? I was angry.For an appetizer, I ordered shrimp and lobster dumplings (~$15). They were bland. The outsides of the dumplings were thick and tough. They definitely needed to be steamed longer.For my entree, I got the cavatelli pasta (~$24) which had king crab, spinach, and jalapeño cream. My pasta was completely raw. You couldn't taste any jalapeño and there were about 2 tiny pieces of crab in the entire plate. I honestly don't know how this place has such great reviews. The food was horrible. Complete waste of time and money!
#REVIEW#Recently went to Cull & Pistol with a friend.  We had a reservation and were seated promptly.The restaurant is small, with mostly bench seating with tables on the side.  The tables are pretty close together, so much so that the woman at the next table kept bumping ours when she would stand up.  Service was good, and our server was very knowledgeable.I tried the following dishes:Oysters (one East coast, one West coast): The oysters were great, super fresh, and a good size.  They came with all of the typical fixings.  I am a huge fan of West coast oysters and really enjoyed that one.Miso-Glazed Salmon Salad (3.5/5): This was a decent salad.  Although on the expensive side, the salad was pretty large and came with a good amount of salmon.  There was also a really nice, creamy ginger-soy dressing.Lobster Pho (1.5/5): I did not like this pho.  The broth was watery and not very full in taste, and there were not that many noodles.  I would not order this again.Split-Grilled Whole Lobster (3.5/5): This was a nice, fresh lobster.  It was cooked well and came with clarified butter.  It was a little expensive for the price, though.Blistered Shishitos (3.5/5): Nice shishitos.  They were cooked well and came with a nice nuoc mam.  They were not particularly innovative, but I liked them.Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Cull & Pistol.  I would consider going again.
#REVIEW#!!!! this place is firedidn't realize it was in chelsea market when we decided to venture, but on a friday night ~7 we had no problem getting a seat without a reservation. we did end up at the bar which is a little cumbersome when you're splitting a lobster boil. we opted to get the large boil meant to serve 2 and split it for 3 of us (definitely was sufficient-- this is a ton of food) got 6 oyster chefs choice, fries, oyster shooters. everything was awesome. so fresh so well done. the staff is super helpful in explaining things to you and the vibe was just everything. the bread was such a secret gem- amazingly charred sourdough. fries also were great. and the lobster boils broth was phenom. would absolutely recommend
#REVIEW#MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PLACE IN CHELSEA MARKET!!! I'm from the south and NO ONE has lobster rolls. It makes my heart cry with sadness. So when I come here, I always get one and it's beyond amazing!!!This place does get busy! So be prepared to shove people around.. lmao! Jkiddins. Don't shove them, but politely say "excuse me" hehe. When you enter the lobster place, walk all the way to the back pass the fresh seafood and it'll be on your right hand side. The line was a bit long, but that's fine. Worth the wait! Their menu is on the wall to the right. You order from the cashier and pick up around the corner. I ordered the lobster roll and a small New England Clam Chowder. They will give you a cup to scoop the soup yourself on the side. Pretty convenient I say! Since they were busy, it took about 7-10mins to get our roll. No biggie at all. They do have tables, but no chairs. So be prepare to stand and eat. The lobster roll was glistening when I received it! The buns/bread was nicely buttered and toasted. The lobster was nicely mixed in whatever deliciousness they put it in. I died in heaven eating this!! Haha. Their Clam Chowder was amazing!!! You can taste the clam in the cream base soup! Their potatoes were cooked perfectly in it. I'm waiting to eat this all over again!!!
#REVIEW#Omg this place is amazing! We tried the shrimp cocktail which was sooooo good, then had some crab claws, the octopus is to die for was literally my favorite!  Not to mention the bread and butter was not your ordinary blah bread and butter it literally was such a treat!! Had the blush sangria which was very yummy not too sweet like some. Overall this place is a gem , will def be wanting to go back!
#REVIEW#It can be loud and we love this place for pre theater ( Atlantic ) . So we reserve the last table in back when possible. Still my friend loved her Ceviche. My other friend loves the soup . I had a wonderful New England Lobster roll that matches up to my other fav pearl Oyster bar. The cider was interesting. They also had my friends favorite Brut Rose (cider  on tap ). Will be back !
#REVIEW#Really nice seafood and efficient service. The raw bar has a separate menu and ordering card. They list their daily selection of oysters, clams, and anything else raw, and you write down the quantity of each you want. They had about ten types of oysters, and we chose a few each of four types, plus Topneck clams and New Zealand langoustines. I'm no oyster expert, but they all tasted fresh and went well with the cocktail sauce. The clams were huge. The langoustines were nice and juicy, and split down the middle. The grilled lobster was cooked well, and came with crab claw crackers, lobster picks, and moist towelettes. Didn't even have to ask. The sides were definitely not an afterthought. The fries were thinly cut, crispy, and well-seasoned. The asparagus had bread crumbs sprinkled over it, and was lightly seasoned. Whatever they did with the shishito peppers really brought out their natural flavor. I'm not a big fan of corn on the cob, but the corn was grilled and buttered nicely, and was better than most corn on the cob sides. Service was fast and efficient. The bus boys were able to check the status of certain items--though they didn't forget anything. They could have cleared plates more quickly, as their tables are small. It wasn't too much of an issue for me because the table next to mine was unoccupied and I used it as a dumpster. The biggest annoyance I suppose is that they only have one single person bathroom. The restaurant was maybe at 50% occupancy, and I had to wait about ten minutes to use the bathroom.
#REVIEW#Cull & Pistol have been on my must try list for some time. So, I was beyond excited to check them out, especially since I have an uber obsession with oysters. It's become a twice a week habit for me.I was really looking forward to coming here given their reputation for top quality, varied selection at happy hour prices, which is currently $1.50 for any of the ones they offer. What I despise, and find beyond unappealing, is having to sit at a bar or facing forward (as opposed to looking at my dinner companion) and staring at the bar in order to get the happy hour option. Here, that's the only choice.Frankly, 9 out of 10 times, I don't stay at restaurants like that. If it hadn't been for my husband, I would have left. I would prefer to go elsewhere, or or sit at a table and pay the full price, than be subjected to sit awkwardly and uncomfortably, which I was. It was really hard to get past the fact that I was boxed into a six inch space, with the food crammed on this tiny dining area.That said, we got at C&P around 5:15 p.m., and there was no wait. We got seated (at the bar) right away. I ordered a dozen oysters and left it up to the waiter to choose which ones he liked. I appreciated that when they were served, it was done in an orderly fashion so that I could take note of which ones I liked for our next visit.There is no denying the freshness or the quality of the oysters here. But, if I had to pick between getting oysters here or at, say, Crave Fishbar, where you get the same top selection and the same happy hour prices, but served at a table, I'm going to go with the latter.Walking into Cull & Pistol you see that it's a very small place. Very small. But they make the most of the small space and are very inviting.The hubby ordered disco fries, which are basically fries with a can of New England clam chowder poured all over them. He loved them. I didn't get how this creative. It was delicious, but very low rent. We also ordered pistols on horseback. It was different. It came out in a minuscule portion of two small crackers or bites. Jayson said it was very salty and tasted like seaweed. It wasn't particularly filling either. Very small and forgettable. I actually had to look at their site to remember what it was ... I blocked it out.Service wise, it was excellent. They were very attentive and from the backwaiters to the people behind the bar, it was pleasant and delightful.Oysters were delicious. But, the set up and dining situation really ruined the experience for me. And while, it was great to get a reasonably priced meal in Chelsea Market, I'd much rather go around the corner to Jeffrey's, where you don't feel like you're be rushed through in the cheap section. Would I go back? The jury is still out.
#REVIEW#Fantastic impromptu dining experience at Cull & Pistol on Saturday night. My girlfriend and I were hanging out at Chelsea Market and walked in without a reservation and were able to get a seat (at 7PM!)The seafood was fresh and delicious. We decided to start with a selection of Oysters from the East and West coast and they were pretty good.For an entree I got the Maine Style Lobster Roll. They were not stingy with the lobster and every bite was delectable. Only wish it lasted longer!My girlfriend got the 1 1/2 pound lobster and the lobster tasted fresh, delicious and perfectly cooked. The price was right as well at only $38. Beats standing at the Lobster Place next door!Overall Cull & Pistol was a pleasant surprise. Will definitely be back next time I'm looking for a sit down dinner in Chelsea Market.
#REVIEW#What a great place to go. Oysters for $1.50 each during happy hour. WHAT!!!!!!!! Yep. Happy hour till 6 pm. Clam chowder was great. On point. Fresh bread. Also if you get the widow seat you can people watch. Met some people here so a great place to meet up.
#REVIEW#Came here initially looking for ceviche, but since they didn't have that at this time, I got the hamachi crudo instead and I must say that it was delightful. Food; Hamachi crudo included pieces of Asian pear, charred jalapeno, yuzu, sweet potato, and cilantro.The hamachi crudo also included some sort of thick tangy orange sauce. The sweet and tangy notes went very well with the lightness of the fish. The crunchiness on top also gave it a very unique texture. Overall I felt like it was very creative and came together nicely. I would definitely come back for this dish. Service: Pretty good overall. Ambiance: It's a small space but still felt nice. The restaurant is inside Chelsea Market so go through the main Chelsea Market entrance, instead of doing what I did like follow Google maps around the building and then have to cut through some other restaurant around the back.
#REVIEW#Walking into Cull & Pistol you see that it's a very small place. Very small. But they make the most of the small space and are very inviting. We sat at the bar because I think you have to when you want to order from the happy hour menu. Each oyster was $1.50 during happy hour. The other items like clams and shrimp were at full menu prices.  I also ordered disco fries and pistols on horseback. Their version of disco fries was quite different because it had New England clam chowder, cheese and bacon. It was delicious. And it's a large portion for only $7. The oysters were delicious as well. Very fresh and no pieces of the shell were in them. The pistols on horseback was very strange. It came out in a minuscule portion of two small tostado looking bites. The bottom layer was made from squid ink. Idk if I could recommend this. Honestly it was gone in two bites. Very salty and tasted like seaweed. I hate seaweed. But now I know. I didn't like their sparkling water because it wasn't that carbonated, but when I told the bartender there was no problem and he swapped it out for a lemon soda. All in all this is a win win situation. The food is delicious. It's reasonably priced and it's in the Chelsea Market. When you're done eating at C&P you can go out and shop or have a dessert at one of many restaurants or vendors available.
#REVIEW#This oyster bar is owned by the Lobster Place, so yes, expect fresh seafood!I ordered some bread, a couple of oysters, Prosecco, blistered shishito peppers, and hamachi crudo. It also looked like they've got quality cocktails as well.What a wonderful place for a light meal and a good drink. The flavors are exquisite, the service is on point, and the ambiance is just the right amount of busy. I'll be back for sure!
#REVIEW#Amazing happy hour from 4pm-6pm. You get super fresh oysters for $1.50 each. They raised the price from $1.00 which is sad but it's still a good deal nonetheless. We started off with 7 oysters each. After that first round, we went for a second round too since we couldn't get enough. The best oyster was the one from Vancouver. Super sweet. It's nice that you can try many different oysters from all over the country. The chowder fries and squid ink crepe were amazing as well. I never had chowder fries and the concept seemed weird but it tasted amazing. Loved the bacon bits on top. The fried oyster on the crepe was fried perfectly. You get a little burst as you bite into it. Oyster tequila shooter was also great. The mango salsa on top was a delicious chaser to the tequila. This was one of my favorite meals out of my trip from NY. it's just a casual place to grab some drinks and great seafood. Another bonus is that this is located in Chelsea market so you can walk around while you wait for your table.
#REVIEW#When in NY I had to get some oysters before I left this amazing city. Came here during happy hour for their $1.50 oysters and select drinks on HH. Everything from the oysters, drinks, and service was amazing. I would come back here in a heartbeat​. Cull & Pistol is conveniently located in the Chelsea market. They offer high-quality​ food, and service. If your a local, or just visiting the city, you should try this place. SO DELICIOUS!
#REVIEW#We ordered the oyster platter(12 pc), steamed mussels, fish and chips, and lobster roll - Connecticut style. All foods are terrific, especially the mussels and lobster roll. The fish and chips is good too, freshly made. Moreover, they cooked an extra bowl of mussel so they gave us for free. And the staff are all nice and kind. Definitely a place I would recommend. We also ordered a cup of Belgium wheat.
#REVIEW#The Fish and chips I got was small, with a little too much batter. The space is small so some of the seating was awkward. We were first seated at a high table with backless bar stools but thankfully a regular table opened up. The drinks were good and the service was decent. The way I sum this restaurant up is pretty much like a tourist restaurant where the food is just meh since it's in a hot location (Chelsea Market) with lots of tourists so they don't really need to go after the repeat customers.
#REVIEW#Tucked away in the eclectic Chelsea Market this place is exceptionally good!  Large selection of oysters and other seafood fair.  Courteous staff and very well informed.
#REVIEW#Had a reservation for a Saturday night and the restaurant wasn't actually crowded. We started with the clam chowder which was good, but not the best we've ever had. For dinner we ordered fish & chips, a lobster roll and the market fish special. Every thing we ordered was great, portions were large and service was very good as well. Prices were very reasonable compared to some other seafood places we tried. Would definitely return.
