#NAME#Babbo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/babbo-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon with two friends for a mini reunion. My dear friend recommended me this restaurant as she said it's one of her favorite Italian restaurants in the city (and one of my friends who came with me said it's his top favorite and it's owned by Joe Bastianich, a renowned chef and judge on Masterchef). And I can see why!Ambiance wise, the restaurant was dimly lit, which took me aback when I entered the place. It definitely gave me some romantic dinner vibes rather than a light brunch/lunch gathering, which was really interesting. But I definitely got some Italian vibes from the interior design of the place, which was a nice touch.We started off with some complimentary sourdough bread, which was pretty yummy. For my main course, I ordered the Beef Cheek Ravioli, as strongly recommended to me by a friend. This was such a wonderful dish! The beef cheek was beautifully cooked and seasoned within each ravioli. The ravioli was also cooked perfectly and the pasta sauce was pretty sublime as well! Not too oily, wonderfully creamy, and packed full of flavor (the sauce was also a great dip for my bread, just FYI). To finish the meal, the restaurant also gave us some complimentary cookies and mini biscotti. Both were sweet and crunchy to the right degree. Definitely a great way to finish the meal!Overall I definitely recommend coming here for some delicious Italian food! Not the cheapest place to get Italian food but good for an occasion.
#REVIEW#My husband took me for anniversary dinner. Walk in- they were not taking reservations. Didn't like much the classic decor but the music was original (heavy and alternative rock) Ordered grilled octopus- I think this dish was the one I enjoyed the most although there was nothing special about it (flavor, tenderness, etc). Small and overpriced.For main I ordered the black pasta with crab- I honestly didn't like anything about this dish. The pasta was sautéed with some onions and pieces of crab. The dish didn't have a sauce, cheese, anything liquid to make the pasta come together. My husband ordered the tongue. Again, very poor presentation and overall dry meat with dry and very concentrated caramelized onions- Service ok- not the most attentive. We had two glasses of Prosecco and wine each and check was $180 plus tip
#REVIEW#It pains me to write this as they used to have the best food in the world. Seriously. Now? Watered down cocktails. Terrible food (rubbery pasta). Sauce with no flavor and tasting like it comes out of a can. Disgusting olive oil cake. Who in their right mind wants cake with olive oil squirted all over it? It did not taste good at all. Also, the loud 60's and 70's rock that you can hear throughout the restaurant does not create a romantic environment. We both wanted to cry when we saw what Babbo has become. It sounds like Mario did some terrible things before but he did have a fantastic  restaurant at the time. Those days are gone.Please try elsewhere.
#REVIEW#Babbo was my wife's choice for her birthday dinner.  We always sit at the bar when we dine at Babbo, but the bar was packed on May 25, 2019.  We had reservations mind you, but the young woman at the front assigning tables gave us the "worst seat in the house," a forlorn two top next to the kitchen, under the stairs.I always have issues with the kewpie dolls Babbo hires to assign tables.  They must be the daughters of the managing partners, because they have no idea what they are doing, and everyone else seems so damn professional.  We are admittedly an older couple who would not look impressive to a 20 year old girl, whose values are based on listening to Maroon 5 and watching Zombie films.  Even our server felt compassion, knowing this table was meant for desperate walk ins.  After slipping some cash to a few people, they found us seating at the bar, but my wife's birthday was ruined.  The experience tarnished Babbo forever, and we will never return.  There are lots of great Italian restaurants in New York.  Babbo was just one of them.  C'est la vie.
#REVIEW#We enjoyed a lovely evening here. We sat upstairs where it was a cozy and bustling atmosphere just as you'd expect in nyc. For starters my husband took the recommendation for the octopus and I had the beet salad, both delicious and pretty generous portion for a starter. Then I had the pasta special with cream, mushrooms and snap peas, a great balance of flavor. My husband had the pasta with the boar ragu and it had just the right hearty flavor you'd expect. I tried the pistachio and chocolate semifreddo and although it's flavors were spot on, it wasn't my favorite. Would be a 5 star review but the service time/attentiveness slumped picking up our entrees through dessert / bill.
#REVIEW#Finally had my first meal at Babbo after waiting for 6 months (just waiting for the right occasion) and it was absolutely worth the wait.First off, it was very easy to get to by public transportation. I live in Hoboken and my family came here, parked, then we took the path in. The restaurant is ~2 blocks away from the 9th street station. So we were off to a good start!Overall, the service was absolutely impeccable. It was the perfect balance between being attentive instead of intrusive, which made the experience that much better. They had a very extensive wine list which was a bit overwhelming, so I asked my boyfriend for some help with it.The food started with a chick pea bruschetta from the chef, followed by a fresh piece of bread for each person and second pieces if you wanted. My boyfriend and I shared everything, and we decided to skip the appetizer and go straight for the first course. He got the parpadelle bolognese and I got the spaghettini (with chunks of lobster). Both were absolutely delicious, but the best of the entire night was the parpadelle bolognese. The sauce was so tasty and overall every sauce I had with each meal was out of this world.For a second course we shared the spicy calamari which was like a fresh calamari soup, with lots of fresh herbs in a light tomato sauce. This was my second favorite meal following the bolognese, with the spaghettini as my third choice. But nonetheless everything was absolutely superb.We ended with the tiramisu and it was a home run. It was the perfect balance of light chocolate mousse with the crunchy slices of cake if you will in between. I plan on returning to this restaurant with my boyfriend to get the pasta tasting menu which looked amazing, however the entire table needs to order it for you to have it.I would absolutely recommend Babbo for a laid back yet chic atmosphere, with tasty Italian food with a twist. Definitely not traditional Italian food, Joe certainly put his own flare of each of his dishes and it was perfectly executed. Can't wait to return in the next couple of months.
#REVIEW#Food was great. Service was not. For such a respectable place in Manhattan I was very disappointed with the lack of attention to detail from this place. Upon entering you are greeted from the host and get the option to check your coat. They seat you if you made a reservation. Once you are sat, there was a bit of lag time before the server making his round over. The menu is short but has many great options. The cocktails were a bit watered down, I would stick with the wine selections. I started with the grilled octopus, it was pretty delicious. I did enjoy that dish a lot. For the entree I did do the linguine, it was okay. I was expecting a richer flavor, but it was a bit bland. It lacked Salt. The dessert was nice, I had the maple sugar cheese cake. Overall I was not so impressed with my experience. For such a highly rated restaurant I had higher expectations. The pasta was not cooked to perfection as I would've preferred it a bit more Al Dente. I would go back to try different entree dishes. Service was also okay, they were very nice but nothing spectacular. Looking forward to a better experience.
#REVIEW#Came here last night for a birthday dinner. Was immediately impressed with how nice all of the staff members were. Our waiter was fantastic, kind, patient and made great recommendations. We ordered two cocktails, both were mixed perfectly, and two glasses of wine. We ordered wine by the glass, which is served in 8 oz pours (considering that, some of the prices are very reasonable). For food, we ordered:Grilled Octopus - Grilled perfectly with a light and flavorful sauceMozzarella di Bufala  - Served with roasted baby carrots and pesto, all together make for a great flavor profile. The mozzarella was soft and fresh, closer to a burrata. Garganelli- This was a top choice for us. The sauce was fantastic, light with delicious sautéed mushrooms, while the pasta is clearly fresh and cooked perfectly.Orecchiette- This is served with a great, light red sauce. The sausage was delicious and the rapini added a nice dimension. The pasta itself was the real star. Fresh, cooked slightly al dente, great texture. Beef Cheek Ravioli- We ordered this last, after we'd finished everything else. We were afraid we were going to miss out on this dish, because it's one of their most popular ones. It was good, but certainly not the best of what we had. Next time I would skip it. Pork Belly Pyramids - This is part of the pasta tasting menu, which they allowed us to order as individually. This was hands down the best thing I ate. It's a filled pasta, shaped like little purses/pyramids. They serve with a pork broth that has so.much.flavor. The combination is a knock out. This is a do not miss dish.I told them it was my fiance's birthday ahead of time. Multiple people wishes him a happy birthday throughout the evening. They brought him a nice dessert and wrote a personalized happy birthday message on the plate. Overall, highly recommend for quality of food and service both. Must try the octopus, pork belly pyramids and would not miss the garganelli either.
#REVIEW#This is a Mario Battalli (sp) restaurant, which made it an "absolute no" in light of the sexual assault revelations around him. Thankfully, he's been removed from the operation.And the food? Ehhhh. P2P (price to portions ratio) on appetizers is bad, and I had to order both a grilled octupus and a tripe to feel satisfied. Tripe was definitely transcendent, and octupus (sp) definitely a cut above your typical midtown Italian fare. For the entree, I went for something I couldn't cook at home, which was a mistake. I had the squab, which is a tiny bird that I ate in like 3 minutes and tasted like really rubbery and well-done chicken. If I'd ordered the pork chop, I think this would've been a 4 for me. Like Babbo, I think the squab is a hyped "delicacy" where you shouldn't believe the hype.Crowd here is people not familiar with the intimate conversational voice. We had to sit next to some FinanceBros with pointy collars who were loud and rude. Part of that is on Babbo itself, which crams too many tables into the space to maximize revenue. SMH.
#REVIEW#When I made this reservation I was not really expecting to have much options to eat as most high-end restaurants don't really cater to vegetarians.  I was pleasantly surprised.I liked that, with the reservation we did not have to wait for more than five minutes and we were immediately seated at our table. Service was great I loved our server. He took great care to make sure that all the dishes served to me were vegetarian and also made some helpful suggestions on what I could order.The decor and ambiance was lovely, especially if you picked the restaurant for a date. The decor did not represent Italy, but was more American and had a contemporary spin to it. I loved that we were served a vegetarian Amuse-bouche. I ordered the Bucatini all'Amatriciana which the chef made vegetarian for me. I really liked the sauce and how spicy it was. I paired it with a side of Babbo Greens which was nice and bitter. Went great with the pasta.Overall I had a great experience and will definitely be coming back for more.
#REVIEW#Babbo is a classic upscale Italian restaurant located steps away from Washington Square Park. Formerly Mario Batali's signature spot, it's lived on as an institution despite the obvious overhang, and when I visited a few months ago everything seemed to be business as usual.Reservations are still quite difficult to come by, and I ended up using Amex concierge about a month in advance. We were able to get a reservation for 4 at 7 on a Saturday, which seemed to be peak dinner time based on the crowds.It's a lovely space in an old carriage house, with a beautiful central staircase and stunningly large floral arrangements. Upstairs, the decor is a little dated, somewhat hotel-like. The atmosphere is lively and noise levels are high; lighting is appropriately dim. White tablecloths. Bathrooms are tiny.It's a big menu, with almost 20 different pastas (primi) on offer and about the same for mains (secondi). I envy the menu writer, who makes each pasta sound both simple and luxurious: mint love letters with spicy lamb sausage, chianti stained tonnarelli with wild boar ragu, chestnut and robiolo ravioli with brown butter and apples.Many dishes will be familiar but some ingredients may require Googling. Prices were lower than expected-- pastas are in the $20s and mains are in the $30s. It's not difficult to ball out here, however, with large meat course to share, optional truffles, and tasting menus.Two of us split neci con funghi misti ($16), a chestnut-flour crepe filled with mushrooms and topped with shaved radicchio. Fine stuff. Complimentary bread good as well.Three had pastas; one had scallops. I went for the spaghettini with spicy budding chives and a one pound lobster ($29). The pasta was simple and buttery, though I can't say the heat came through; the lobster was high quality and sizable. Pasta texture solid, a bit softer than al dente but a nice snap. I had bites of everyone else's and can't say any were memorable, though all were happy. Portion sizes light to average.I ended up as only one without dessert; instead, I had a very good cappuccino. Spiced pear crostata, chocolate and pistachio semifreddo, and affogato were all well-executed and enjoyed.Pacing perfect. Service is hospitable, but stands a bit too much on ceremony. For example, we weren't allowed to be seated until we had the final member of our party and were left standing in the way. I don't really understand the whole "pasta but punk" story that restaurant guides push on Babbo, that they're supposed to play cooler music and be more informal... it wasn't stuffy but I would definitely consider this to be on the formal side.Wine service was good-- the somm gently steered me to a great ~$70 white in the somewhat imposing, mostly Italian and very high end wine list.Overall, I had a pleasant evening at Babbo, but it failed to be memorable for me. I wouldn't hesitate to return and there were no huge missteps, but ultimately things just felt good and not exceptional. Another victim of high expectations!
#REVIEW#Great service, our waiter was excellent.  The food was ok...  Also found the place to be too tight, I get its NY but having the next person almost in your fave is not cool.
#REVIEW#Came with a large party. So already there is going to be a lot of conversation. They sat us right under a blaring speaker spewing out rock. Why is a homey rustic Italian spot playing loud rock?The service was at first slow but it picked up and all in all was good.We were given bread- no olive oil or even butter. We were told that  ithad to be requested. The bread in itself wasn't great. It needed the oil and butter which were both very good.The food- good but nothing special. I've had the the same dishes elsewhere and even better. There was nothing bad, but nothing worth coming back for. I had cod- a simple fish well cooked  (the smallest piece I've ever had served, smothered under Asian flavoring such as ginger. All the pastas were fine, and the meat dishes, not the best of their type.Deserts, interesting- different- but again nothing crave worthy.In this city of great restaurants, Babbo is no longer great. You can find better food elsewhere.
#REVIEW#Ambiance: 8/10 Food: 10/10Service: 10/10As someone who LOVES to try new foods, Babbo's hit the spot in a homey way! The food is on point & so are the servers. Our server (who has apparently been working there for 13 years) described each dish with such passion and detail that I wanted to try everything! The people I went with are frequents at Babbo's and confirmed that it's reliable, always consistent and never not what you expect. The ambiance is great as well- fancy yet enjoyable. Their playlist ALWAYS soothes & keeps you entertained as you eat. My only complain would be how cramped the tables are,but considering that it's the middle of West Village, I guess that's okay! The coat check/bar area got very very crowded and I felt myself getting pushed around a little as I waited for my coats,but the service and food more than makes up for that. It's such a popular place that a crowded atmosphere is okay to endure. We ordered the octopus, mussels, whole branzino & ravioli with beef (forgot all the fancy names oops) but that's the gist of it. ALL of them were out of this world! Especially the octopus- I crave that stuff now! Definitely will be back as a treat and when I can get a reservation haha
#REVIEW#To be honest, wouldn't come back. In my opinion, food is average-good, service slightly below average. We got the wine pairing with the pasta tasting menu. A couple of the wines I liked, but I'd prefer to have gotten a nice bottle of red with our pastas. Out of all the pastas, the beef cheek ravioli stood out the most. The meat is extremely tender and the pasta is cooked well al dente. I liked the broth that came with it, wasn't too overpowering with the meat. Pancetta with black spaghetti: one of the more memorable wines with this. I agree with the server in that this wine did help with cutting the saltiness of the pancetta. The pasta didn't really blow me away. Garganelli with mushrooms: probably my second fav after the ravioli. Pasta was cooked to perfection and the mushrooms were incredibly flavorful. Bolognese pasta: not too memorable. Since this dish is a classic, I feel like I already have fairly high standards for this. (Scalini Fedeli!)Desserts: The "spaghetti" dessert my least favorite out of the three. It's essentially a spiralized cream, tasted a bit too fatty/buttery for me? Olive oil cake: definitely tasted old.... this was probably the most disappointing. The third, cheesecake, was my favorite but I also think this was given to us on the house. Had we not tried that, I would've had a pretty negative impression on this course. Service: I feel like it can be a common occurrence for the servers to have a sense of entitlement for working at one of Batali's restaurants. With that, I felt it wasn't as personalized of an experience. Timing was great with arrival of food and our server explaining the wines, but other than that it's not a very "warm" sort of experience.
#REVIEW#Very enjoyable meal.  Wasn't too impressed with the complimentary appetizer (was a little heavy on the olive flavor to me) but was impressed with the other dishes. The octopus was extremely good - had a really good char while being simultaneously tender and the tartness of the sauce complimented it.  The black pasta was also delicious - the salami worked really well and the pasta itself was aldente. The beef truffle ravioli was also excellent if in the mood for something meaty.  Enjoyed the pistachio desert, it's well-balanced with hints of almond and mint with a thin chocolate crust.
#REVIEW#Amazing food!! I will be returning for sure. We did the traditional tasting menu (7 courses). All the pasta is handmade and tastes so fresh. It's cooked to perfection and the portion sizes are perfect. The New Guinea Hen was also incredible; so tender and the spice rub on the outside was divine. I also want to highlight the bresaola and sottocenere which blew me away. I've had cured meats and cheeses before, but nothing like this. For just food, I'd give 5/5 stars.The reasons I am giving Babbo 4/5 overall are: the server seemed a bit disengaged; like he had to regurgitate information about the food we were eating, but wasn't enthused about it. Second, there are only two single-stall bathrooms (at least in the main dining area), so every time anyone from our party went to use the restroom, they were gone for ~10 minutes, which meant they lost out on part of the experience of the tasting menu. Lastly, the music was pretty loud which made it hard to hear our server at times.All that being said, I will definitely return.
#REVIEW#came on a Thursday night with bae. he called earlier and the hostess said we didn't need reservations. I get there and I see that everyone in the restaurant is super classy looking (great crowd) and the restaurant workers are all recognizable (wearing specific work uniforms) first off, the service here is incredible. our waiter was always checking in on us, and very helpful when I needed help finding the bathroom. on to the food- I ordered the pappardelle bolognese and my date ordered the black spaghetti. I didn't get to try his as I'm allergic to seafood but my bolognese was very good - I asked them to put more grated cheese on top. finally for dessert, I ordered the olive oil cake which came with a scoop of olive oil gelati. the cake was nice, not too sweet, but the gelati was the best part. it was slightly salted and a good balance of salty and sweet. would recommend getting this dessert. ps this place has coat check :-)
#REVIEW#The upper floor is great, very Italian, Hugh class restaurant. The pasta is amazing. I had the tasting menu and it was just great! High quality service. Pricey pricey...
#REVIEW#Had a great lunch with my friend in Babbo. Excellent wine and food, also the service is good.
