#NAME#Num Pang Kitchen
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/num-pang-kitchen-new-york-6?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cambodian,sandwiches#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I've been coming here for almost five years.Nothing to say but Yes yes yes.Fast Bahn Mi when you're too lazy to go down town.Delicious
#REVIEW#We stopped by here yesterday for a quick lunch and everything was delicious.I had the pulled pork bahn mi and it came with slaw, carrots, and a slightly spicy sauce. My friend had the shrimp banh mi and said it was really good too. We both tried it on quinoa bread and it tasted exactly like regular bread.... pretty tasty. A sandwich is only like $9.50-$12 here too, which for NYC is cheap.They do NOT have bathrooms so plan accordingly - the movie theater next door let us use theirs which was nice. The restaurant itself only has about 3 to 6 seats and is very small.Definitely would come back here next time I'm in town and I believe they have a few locations, as well.
#REVIEW#I have got to say, I was wowed by the sandwich. I got the 5 spiced pork belly sandwich and man was it delicious! There were a few perfectly sliced pork belly in the sandwich. The pork belly was soft and the meat was tender, easy to bite and eat with just-the-right amount of flavor and the vegetables helps balance out the meat with a sweet and fresh kick to the sandwich. It's no reason why this is a classic most people get when coming here. I came initially thinking what can be so special about this sandwich that was worth $9 (you get a 10% off if you're a student, so it'll be slightly cheaper :)) , and honestly I am glad I came. My friend got the pulled pork sandwich which was delicious, but not as delicious as the five spiced pork belly sandwich. For the sandwich, I would say it is a bit pricy, but definitely the taste will make you want to come back again despite the price.
#REVIEW#I can't express how much I love the bahn mi here. The flavors are absolutely perfect no matter which one you get, and the staff are so nice! I love coming back here out of all the places to eat in NYC.
#REVIEW#Num Pang is great! Eat here sometimes when I'm not in the mood for Dig Inn or Dos Toros. WHAT TO ORDER: My favorite thing to order is the Coconut Tiger Shrimp bowl (pictured) with the super grain rice blend. They give you a good amount of shrimp and carrots with chili yogurt sauce and a fresh lime to squeeze. Highly recommended. -I've order the Coconut Tiger Shrimp sandwich but I don't recommend it because it was very small, not all that filling. -I've also ordered the Cambodian iced coffee, which I've heard is very popular. I didn't like it because it was super sugary (which I try to avoid), but I could see where people would like it.
#REVIEW#Solid lunch option. They make great sandwiches and salads.The dressing for the salad is tangy and sweet, and pairs with the chicken very nicely. It's a great filling option for lunch.
#REVIEW#I was pumped to try the food here after reading such great reviews. Service was very friendly and super fast. I ordered the roasted chicken salad after drooling over pics.Sadly, the salad I received was 90% romaine lettuce mix (the typical bagged one with shredded carrots and purple cabbage). There were maybe 2 pieces of kale? Other than that the salad was pretty bland and not as fresh as I'd hope.The saving grace was the chicken! That was delicious, super soft and flavorful. Maybe the way to go here is the rice bowl with chicken cuz the salad was a let down.The salad was not big enough, or quality enough to be a $12 salad.
#REVIEW#Good spot for a quick lunch. Good selection of sandwiches and salads, never disappoint. The place is close to the union square so if you are in the area and need a bite go for it. The only complain is the size of the shrimp sandwich I tried the last time; could be a bit bigger for the price( looks a bit bigger on the picture though)
#REVIEW#Glad I finally got to try this place! I ordered the five spice pork belly sandwich for ~$10 and it was delicious! The pork was a bit fattier than I'd like, but that's to be expected. I enjoyed the flavor, but the portion was a bit small for the price however.
#REVIEW#I finally got the chance to stop by for lunch and boy, was I disappointed. I ordered the roasted cauliflower sandwich. Went back to work and took a bite. Bread on the outside was nice and crispy but the inside was soggy. The sandwich then just fell apart since they sliced the whole loaf instead of just slicing half of it. I had to eat the sandwich with a fork which is ridiculous cause I wanted a sandwich not a plate of cauliflower and carrots. Never coming back again or recommending this place. also, there were like 5 or 6 staffs on shift but only the cashier and one kitchen staff were actually working?
#REVIEW#MUST GO. Came around 2pm on a Sunday, no wait in line and got the food in 7ish minutes. Limited seating, 5 chairs around a counter.INCREDIBLE sandwiches. The five spice pork belly is perfectly fatty and flavorful, and the bread they use is crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The sauce they use is unreal and complements the bread and meat nicely. Grilled khmer sausage is seasonal unfortunately, but SO good. It's juicy and flavorful and tender, and you must get it. The veggies in the sandwich highlights the flavor as well. The sandwiches are quite large, around 8 inches long. Very good portions, incredible food, you must come here.
#REVIEW#Met a friend for lunch and she works upstairs from here. She recommended the five spice pork belly sandwich (similar to a banh mi) and that was what I ordered!The pork belly was flavorful, crispy on the outside and decadent on the inside. The rice bread had a great texture and the veggies were crisp, fresh and well proportioned to compliment the meat. She ordered the catfish salad. I don't normally like catfish all that much but tried a bite to see how they did it and was impressed. The fish had a great flavor. I also tried the Cambodian iced coffee and it was delicious - creamy and sweet with an almost sour aftertaste that was surprising but not unpleasant. Everything came out pretty fast and the other menu options looked promising. I would want to try the pulled pork rice bowl if I were to come back. Prices were decent though some items were a bit high for lunch time. The quality of the food was good, though, so can't complain too much. Overall was a good experience.
#REVIEW#First time visiting this location, though I've been to most of the others. It's basically a takeout counter so plan accordingly. Pork rice bowl was excellent and service was friendly. They also accept LevelUp, so be sure to enroll!
#REVIEW#I must stop by when I come to visit. I used to go here at least every other week, when I worked in the city (between this and their Chelsea Market location).  I love their spiced pork belly sandwich it's my go-to. Service is pretty fast. I didn't wait much during the lunch rush. This location is tight, and a handful of seating available. Be prepared to be crowded on, while "waiting". I put waiting in quotations, because before you even move out of the way, your sandwich is ready and you can exit the store. Friendly staff, clean dining area - be amazed by their custom wall-art / graffiti. union square stop is the closest. F train 14th street stop is just a few blocks away.
#REVIEW#It's not everyday that I spend $10 on a sandwich that doesn't have cheese on it- cheese is the best part, don't kid yourself-but I did and I don't regret it! This place is tiny and packed! The food is cooked quick and well. I highly recommend their sandwiches and I can't wait to come back for their bowls because they smelled amazing!
#REVIEW#I really don't understand the rave reviews here. I love catfish, so when I saw that on the menu I came running right over. But it's overcooked mush overwhelmed by the unidentified seasonings they put on top of the rice bowl. The other main part of the bowl, Brussels sprouts,  are undercooked to the point of unchewable. More than that though was the service. The employees are clearly miserable being there. And the manager jolted everyone sitting inside by shouting "Helloooooo, 15 minutes late!" at one of his staff when they walked in. Wildly unpleasant experience all around.
#REVIEW#Galavanting through Greenwich Village with a friend who used to live in the area and she asks if I wanted to try a Cambodian sandwich...yaas!Service: This is a small sandwich shop with seating for only about 10 people but the service was great.  I was greeted immediately by the cashier who was ready to help with any questions I had as i checked out the menu on the wall.  Our sandwiches came out fresh within 7 minutes of ordering them.  There's complimentary water you can serve yourself while waiting for your sandwich or if you're dining in.  Fantastic.Sandwiches and broccoli:  The five-spice glazed pork belly was very tasty., I just wish it was bigger piece of pork as it seemed dwarfed in the bun.   The pickled Asian pear brought a flavor to the pork I've never tried before.  This is definitely something I'd order again if I lived in the area.  The charred broccoli with the 'spicy goddess dressing'' really had a kick to it but wasn't overbearing.  Both of these items I tried was a taste I haven't had before and I definitely enjoyed the experience.Considering the size of the establishment and limited seating, I'll assume most of the orders are on the go.  This is definitely a place I'd visit to try the different items on their menu as I'm a complete rookie to these types of sandwiches.  This is a great place to check out for your first Num Pang experience.  Enjoy..!
#REVIEW#I love Num Pang, so I definitely had to come to this location as well. Sadly, this place is extremely tiny with a couple of seats. The cashier at didn't seem to smiley or friendly either.. Peppercorn Catfish ($9.50)- 5/5 Definitely my favorite sandwich! A bit salty, but the catfish was pretty big and love the house made sweet soy glaze. I love that its a little spicy and if you want more they have sriracha sauce. Love all the toppings- cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro and chili mayo.
#REVIEW#I tried 2 sandwiches, but was pretty underwhelmed after hearing all the rave reviews about Num Pang. The flavors were fine, but didn't taste much like what I thought a close cousin to Vietnamese banh mi would taste. I know, one shouldn't assume Cambodian sandwiches would taste like Viet banh mis, but some semblance is expected, given bread and toppings similarities. I guess it's all in the meats.The 5 Spice Glazed Pork Belly was nicely sauced, though hard to chew because it's a thick slab of pork belly you have to chomp down on. Not the easiest thing to eat. The pickled pear is a nice, bright contrast in the sandwich though. The Ginger BBQ Brisket was tastier, with a good char on the meat. Flavors were considerably more pronounced, both tangy and sweet, and a saucy mess to eat.Serving size is pretty small for 2 sandwiches that totaled $20. Not a bad deal per se, but definitely on the smaller side. I'm intrigued to try some of their other sandwiches, but honestly not intrigued enough.
#REVIEW#Favorite Bahn Mi place without going downtown. Delicious pork belly sandwich quick courteous service.
