#NAME#Hourglass Tavern
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/hourglass-tavern-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tradamerican,breakfast_brunch,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place is so fun!!!The same owners of Hourglass Tavern have a "speakeasy" upstairs named Bettibar. I was LOVING how old school and authentic this place felt!Bettibar has an insane deal - for $10 you get a mystery beer in a bag (not PBR, I promise) and a bartenders choice shot. I got a blonde UFO and a kamikaze shot. Both were awesome.What really drew me to this place was the ambiance. It's charming and super New Yorky, which I feel can be a rarity nowadays - especially in Times Square.I'm so happy this authentic establishment is around, and I can't wait to make it my go-to spot in the area. But next time, I'm getting food too!
#REVIEW#We came here for dinner after a long day of drinking and before going to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child at Lyric Theatre. It was a good thing we had reservations because even though it was only 545 on a Thursday, it was pretty packed. We were sat at the upstairs bar area. Now, I have to admit... I was definitely a bit buzzed from day drinking since 1 pm, but I had a great experience here at Hourglass. The service was on point, and the food was excellent. The big bread roll they bring out to share was amazing! Again, I don't know if it was because I was starving and tipsy, but it was honestly the best bread I'd ever tasted at that moment. To the point where I had to ask the server if it was made in house, which he said it was. I ordered the salmon with broccoli, but substituted mashed potatoes instead of quinoa. So good!! The salmon was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The combo of the mashed potatoes, salmon, and the horseradish sauce all on one fork... YUM!! Definitely would come back again....  I also would like to order a box of that bread to be shipped to my house in Florida!!!!
#REVIEW#Not enough good words to give about The Hourglass Tavern and it's incredible food & staff!! I currently reside in Virginia and was hosting a 80th and 50th joint birthday dinner and found this wonderful gem of a place. I had reached out to a couple of other restaurants in the area and none of them were as welcoming and accommodating as The Hourglass Tavern. BETH IS THE BEST! She was super patient and helped me with all the details and walked me through everything. The options for the party were plenty and honestly without her , I would've cancelled this party.The day of, everything went smoother than I thought it was going to, and have to say, Beth and Jacob were my lifelines! Jacob had a cocktail ready to go for me upon arrival, probably because Beth and I had spoken earlier that morning and she knew I was in need of some calming down :) . They were sure to do a final check with me and were impeccable with coordinating with my wishes on when the cut the bar tab and how to handle drinks with the group! The food came out , hot and delicious! I have to admit, for large parties, I always am skeptical about the food , but this food was on point! Everything was delicious and the short rib was fall-off-the-bone! The whole night went well and we had an amazing time! HIGHLY recommend this location for a private event or for a bite before a show! The staff is great , the food is great, the ambiance is super cute!THANK YOU AGAIN HOURGLASS TAVERN FOR EVERYTHING THAT YOU DID FOR ME AND MY GROUP!!! #BethForPresident#JacobForVicePresident
#REVIEW#Two friends and myself came here to eat before seeing a Broadway show. We had fast and courteous service. All of us enjoyed our food! I had the shrimp and grits. It was pretty good. I regret not getting the omelette that my friend had because I tried it and it was fantastic! It also came with very good diced potatoes. We all shared the special Oreo waffle as a dessert. It was delicious! I would definitely come back to this place.
#REVIEW#I had an incredible brunch at Hourglass Tavern this past Saturday. What a gem that is so convenient if you are seeing a show! The food was delicious and reasonably priced but the service was even better. Jack, our waiter, was friendly, personable, hilarious, and made the experience incredible--giving tips not just on the food but also fun facts about the building's history.When we walked in we were greeted by a very nice young man who said we could eat on the first floor or the third floor. We were really early for our reservation but he welcomed us right away and without question. The first floor is cute and cozy but I had read that the third floor has great light, so we opted to go upstairs. I highly recommend doing that because it was such a comfortable, unique space with so much natural light and musical decor. Really lovely.Once you sit down for brunch you receive complimentary muffins--blueberry and cranberry mandarin. They were still warm from the oven and so tasty you didn't need butter. Such a nice touch. Our party had cocktails, coffee and iced coffee to start. I myself had a French 77 which was delicious and perfectly balanced along with being in a beautiful glass. My iced coffee was also great and they have a variety of different types of milk. Others had the Peach Bellini and a Mango Mimosa--both loved them.I had the Crabcake Benedict, which was excellent and actually a ton of food. I like that they give you the Hollandaise in a little cup to put on your breakfast yourself. Someone in my party got an egg dish that came with a little puff cake on the side that, like the intro muffins, came straight out of the oven. Where some restaurants would put the puff on a plate and call it a day, Hourglass decorated it with a drizzle and dusting. They go the extra mile!As I mentioned, our waiter Jack really made the experience special and personal to the point where my group didn't want to leave without saying goodbye to him. He managed the whole room with ease even as it filled up while we were there. I had written in our OpenTable reservation that it was my mom's birthday and Jack made it so special with a piece of Flourless Chocolate Cake on a beautifully decorated plate.We will definitely be back next time we're in the area! Bravo!
#REVIEW#I have loved this place since I was first venturing out on my own in Manhattan and it was for a brief period around the corner from me in Hells Kitchen. It has unique charm and character. The food is good, prices are reasonable, particularly wine prices by NYC standards. Don't come here with your Wine Spectator list or that of many a competition, but rather those of smart and reasonable choices. The service is full of the charm, character and what yet sincerity that goes with the establishment.  You will have a good meal, quality service and a damn good time.
#REVIEW#Vegetarian friendly! Prefix menu is $25 for bread, soup/salad and entree.Satisfied "hourglass experience".Looking to return soon!!!!
#REVIEW#Went for the price fixe prior to the play (Ain't Too Proud...about the Temptations)...I had the pork chop (hit or miss as far as tenderness) with mashed potatoes and spinach...my significant other had he tilapia (very good, according to her)...dinner included salad with house dressing (liked it) and dessert (blueberry pie with whipped cream)...friendly service and a comfortable environment...all in all pretty good for the cost!
#REVIEW#Had an awesome experience here.  Really cute little restaurant.  We were on 3rd floor but seating is on first as well with bar on second floor.  Dinner was delicious!  Price was very reasonable.  Our server Jason was the best.  Had good conversation with him.  He was also tending the little bar in our space.  Easily 5 stars
#REVIEW#I went here on Sunday January 13, 2019 with a friend for a late brunch. We did not have a reservation and were able to get a seat right away. The place is small, it has three floors. We were seated on the second level and the bartender is the waiter as well as bartender. The Bartender was very nice and attentive. Food: The food left a lot to be desired. The waffles were super dry and I did not taste the flavors touted in the menu. The short rib hash needed salt which was unfortunate because it had so much potential. The eggs were predictable. The menu said that there was a bread basket which came with brunch but it did not come with our meals. Drinks: I got mango with vodka it did not really taste like there was alcohol in it. On the bright side it was only $5 so I guess I got what I paid for.... lolService: The waiter was amazing! He really hit the mark, I just wish the food was better. I don't think I will return here with so many other options on this block.
#REVIEW#Service is great here and the location is convenient to Times Square and the stages. We really felt lucky to find a place with food this good and very reasonable prices. I would go back.
#REVIEW#Stopped here on a recent visit to NYC and was not disappointed. The tavern is very cozy inside, only 7 tables. The staff was very attentive and friendly. I loved the chicken I had. The salad dressing was flavorful and well made. And best of all, the price was right!I will absolutely be back next time.
#REVIEW#Very enjoyable meal and the service was outstanding. We wanted to get a great meal our last day in New York. Glad we found this place. Great food at reasonable price.
#REVIEW#This is more or less a review for Betti Bar which is attached to and owned by Hourglass Tavern. Kind of a hidden secret in Hells Kitchen that every Yelper's mother knows about and has been to except for myself. I think I kept intending to go and always forgot it existed. Why? It's discreet. Hidden next to what looks like a medium-upscale restaurant, you enter through a side unmarked door and head upstairs to a dark hole in the wall boasting a menu of cheap drinks, shots, and mystery beer in brown bags. Think the regular drinks are $5 and the bagged beers/shots are $9 until 10pm. It's kind of a fun adventure. You never know what you're gonna get. Beats going to most of the bars in this area for a pre or after a theater show for sure. I ended up with a raspberry ufo and a pineapple ufo for my first and second rounds. Kamikaze and tequila for first and second rounds of shots. Hey, at least they keep it fun and interesting. I've never had either of those beers, which both were legit tasty and I've had way too many craft beers. Also, if you end up hungry you can always go downstairs to the restaurant.
#REVIEW#What a cute spot! Perfect for date night, but our larger group was very happy as well. Our server was wonderful, making us feel right at home and waiting for pauses in the conversation to come back. She also took a million photos for us after dinner, prompting us to get up and do various poses. Great fun. The restaurant is small, with three levels. We had our dinner on the top floor, in a small dining room with instruments hanging all over the walls. The music was classic and romantic, with songs like S'wonderful playing. The $25 prix-fixe is pretty reasonable, with really wonderful bread and a great dessert that stood out. Entrees had a home-cooked feel. Overall, we really loved this place. Offers a real feeling of coming home, rare in this city.
#REVIEW#Food is awesomeThe staff is so friendlyFood is amazing and value is greatDrinks are amazing I loved it! Definitely going back :)
#REVIEW#I met my sister there today for brunch before the theatre. The food was fabulous, the wait staff were personable, and the owner was terrific.  We will definitely return to this "Restaurant Row" gem...
#REVIEW#My salad was on a hot plate and wilted.My pork chop was over cooked and seemed like it have been on the bottom of someone's sandal and walked on for a thousand miles. The pie for dessert was empty.... like literally empty. I was told on two separate occasions after waiting forever that I was forgotten.The only thing that was good was the amaretto that gets poured from a bottle.Thank god they don't have to touch that.
#REVIEW#Came with two friends for a long overdue brunch on Cinco de Mayo. After the host had us move tables to accommodate other guests, we took drink orders. I had a Paloma (tequila and grapefruit juice in the spirit of the holiday) followed by a peach mimosa. Both were very sweet and went down easily. Oh, and did I mention that these drinks were only $5 each? A steal in Manhattan!Oddly enough, we didn't get the complimentary baked goods (in this case, blueberry mini muffins) that came with brunch despite the menu saying so. I like to judge certain restaurants on the free bread, so I was honestly a tad disappointed I didn't get to try. No bother. Food arrived in a timely fashion. I ordered the Florentine eggs Benedict on spinach and focaccia with short rib hash and the veggie of the day (side salad). The hollandaise and the salad dressing came on the side, a nice touch for those who don't like their food to be drenched. The egg was poached nicely, the spinach was well cooked, and the focaccia had great seasoning to it. The short rib hash was flavorful, savory, but not overly salty or heavy. The salad was your standard side salad with a vinaigrette on the side; nothing to write home about.Overall, not a bad place for a quick, no frills, and affordable brunch. I'd take people here again for sure.
#REVIEW#I wish I could rate them higher because they seemed nice but the day after Christmas, they were extremely short-staffed and food was mediocre at best.  We stopped in for cocktails and appetizers but had to go upstairs to find a host and get seated even though there were only 5 diners in the restaurant at 4:30pm.  After getting seated at the entrance, there was a lot of foot traffic due to a shipment of inventory arriving (apparently they don't have a cellar and have to bring groceries in through the main entrance?) We ordered an appetizer of chicken meets all sliders which were cold and tasted like they had just come out of the freezer but not fully cooked. Overall, not a great experience but maybe an outlier since they seem to have good reviews otherwise ? Either way, not sure I would come back.
