#NAME#Non Solo Piada
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/non-solo-piada-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,breakfast_brunch,piadina#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#The affordable prices and friendly service at the same time were an unexpected gift in the city. The man behind the counter asked if we had been before; when we told him no, he went on to explain the different items on the menu. This is a tiny little place, so don't expect to sit down to enjoy your meal. There were maybe 3 stools and a table outside. It was a beautiful day, so we walked to Bryant Park to eat. We ordered a Pugliese Cassone, the Sfiziosa pizza, and an egg and cheese piada. Everything was hot and fresh, and I'd love to come again next time I'm in the city.
#REVIEW#Especially in NYC, it's uncommon to find a spot that is genuinely sitting at a five star average, so during a work trip to the city I decided to give Non Solo Piada a test drive. I wasn't disappointed. Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?Non Solo Piada is a simple little shop, but the folks here couldn't be friendlier or more willing to explain the concept. I quickly outed myself as a first-timer, and a man who appeared to be the owner lit up as he told me the ins and outs of the various menu offerings and ran through the best sellers. He told me that they'd just started up a batch of the bread so that it would be about fifteen minutes, but I was happy to wait. Star. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?$9.00 got me a good sized 'Cassoni' with sausage and potato, which was great value and just the right portion for a late lunch. Star. Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?I've had my fair share of savory crepes, meat pies, empanadas and the like, but this cassoni really impressed. The bread is absolutely out of this world, and the fillings came together in a way that made this feel like a proper meal as opposed to just a quick snack. My only piece of feedback would be for a way to spice things up a little with either an optional sauce or fiery set of peppers. Single Star. Star 5: Would you be excited to go back?Very much so. A great concept. Star.
#REVIEW#This spot has been on my favorites list to check out for a while now.  I finally stopped by despite being full from eating brunch and after brunch pizza ;)  Walking mid-town to Soho and back helped make some room for the delicious Piadina I had here.  If you have never eaten a Piadina you should add this to your must try food list. Piadina's are a popular Italian street food, thin Italian flatbread typically prepared in the Emilia Romagna region in Italy but you can find them in other locations in Europe as well. Shame there are not more places selling them on this side of the pond,  they are so darn tasty, great for breakfast, lunch or snack anytime of the day.  They will not fill you up and make you bloated like a typical sandwich and are so much better. Try one of the listed menu favorites or create your own.  I went with the Romagnola piadina on my visit, tough to turn down prosciutto ;) They also have Cassoni and Piadizze on the menu and some pasta dishes as well.  "Cassoni" is like a pocket, closed and sealed, very cheesy inside. The main ingredient is mozzarella cheese melted with the rest of the ingredients you choose. The "Piadizza" style is like a pizza, with thin and crunchy crust. If you go, they have 3 stools at a small wall counter inside or a standing counter (under cover) outside where you can eat, they are great for eating on the go if needed but suggest eating them before they get cold. Service was friendly and efficient, order and pick up at the at register. I will definitely be back. Hours are Monday through Friday 7am - 8pm, Saturday and Sunday 8am - 4pm.
#REVIEW#Same experience as everyone else. Excellent food. Very small place. Takeout is your best choice. Staff was super friendly. Don't forget to check in on yelp for 10 % off.
#REVIEW#Must have passed this place a thousand times but never took a minute to peek my head inside. I'm glad I finally did! Service is outstanding and my Tuscana pizza was ready in no time. And man, was it good. Wanted to eat the whole thing but decided to be a nice wife and save half for my husband - who also loved it! Can't wait to come back. Minimal seating (2 counter seats inside) but would love to sit at the cute outdoor counter (4 seats). Definitely stop by!
#REVIEW#The costumer service is amazing and the food is glorious!! I really loved the piadina with bacon, egg and cheese for breakfast! They have so many options you will love. Piadine with prosciutto, spicy salami, chicken, ham, veggies and different kinds of cheeses. Also the cassoni are really good, if you love cheese you must try it! The piadizze style is a personal pie, very crunchy and thin! The pastas are amazing too, my favorite is orecchiette calabresi, which has sausage, sun dried tomatoes, arugula and white wine sauce.
#REVIEW#Wow, what!? Non solo piada is a seeming paradox of fast, friendly service, delicious food, and affordable prices  (near Times Square, I might add). I had the veneto while my brother had the Classico and they were both so friggen good. A perfectly flaky, yet slightly chewy dough, melty cheese, deliciously smoked meat, and fresh arugula, wow my mouth is still watering three days later. This is simply one of those spots that is improving its community by existing, and I always appreciate that.Honestly, only thing I'd improve is to increase seating, but I appreciate the one counter for the small space they do have. Would recommend this to anyone looking for breakfast or a light lunch in the area. Buon appetito!
#REVIEW#I have been staying in NYC for the last two weeks and it was only steps away. I wish I would have found this place sooner. I ordered the Gnocchi and took it back to my room. It was delicious. The red sauce with basil and fresh mozzarella blended perfectly with the Gnocchi.  I wish I had some bread to soak up the remaining sauce but I ate without the bread. I plan to stop by one more time before I leave and when I come back in a couple of months.  Lastly, I agree that the person behind the counter was great.I went back today before my flight and the person behind the counter saw me and asked if I wrote the above review and I said yes.  I was so impressed that one he reads the reviews but second remembered what I ordered. That is what I call awesome service. The best part to me is I didn't think I did anything special for him to remember me. I ordered the Penne Alla Vodka. It was very good. The chicken were bite size pieces that complements the pasta and sauce.
#REVIEW#We decided to venture the walk before getting on the train home to this shop. We are soooooo glad we did   Really worth the walk. We see why it continues to get five stars. Service was wonderful, ingredients are fresh and from amazing far away places. You wait a bit for the food but it is worth the wait. We had the Newyorkese Piada which was amazing.  The onions and all the flavors just fit together. We had the toscana piadizza. The arugula and sauce were perfect with the prosciutto. I was given a customer loyalty card and I don't think this will be hard to fill!
#REVIEW#Eat breakfast every day here while you are visiting NYC. I did! This is one amazing place - every piada, cassoni, and pizza is made to order, and incredibly delicious!The Piadas are really filling. Each half of a Piada is as big as your hand - so one is enough to share if you're not totally starving. And it's so fresh and tasty! I tried both the traditional lard version and olive oil version of the piadine, and I love them both. They are both fantastically flaky, hot, and fresh. One trick with the breakfast Piada I learned from eating so many of them is that moisture from the egg & cheese can drip out of the ends of the Piadine - so it's kind of important to eat it right away - don't give it a chance to get soggy in a to-go box!Over the last 3 days I've eaten the Piemontese Cassoni (sort of like a homemade Hot Pocket or Cornish Pasty), the Ham, Egg, and Mozzerella Breakfast Piada which was amazing, and the Veneto Cassoni. FYI, the Bacon they serve in the Breakfast Piadas is a bit on the salty side, so go with the Italian Sausage or Ham instead if you're sensitive to this.You really can't go wrong here. And it's virtually impossible to eat here only once. You will return every time you're within 10 blocks of 37th and 8th!
#REVIEW#5 stars for this place? I really don't get it. We tried one each of the piadine, cassoni and piadizze so we felt like we got the full Non Solo Piada experience. Each one was totally fine but given the five star average for this place (which I see has just dropped to 4.5), I was expecting a lot more. This is definitely not a place you'd go out of your way to eat at.
#REVIEW#Little Italian street food shop with very limited seating, but every comes for take out. Really good Italian street food and definitely a place to make your weekday lunch stop. I've been here a million times and plan to come here a million more. You've got to try the Bombolone Nutella dessert pastry...it's soooo good^^
#REVIEW#Non Solo Piada is a great choice for a quick meal. Italian favorites served up fresh. stopped in to grab a Piemontese Cassone - Sweet Italian sausage, mushrooms, mozzarella cheese, truffle oil. Good Choice! excellent flavor! Worth checking them out.  Service with a smile.
#REVIEW#It is a small spaced restaurant for a quick bite located in a prime NYC area. They offer piadas with a few flatbread pizza options as well. For those of you who may not know, piada is a flatbread made on a griddle with fillings. They offer different vegetable and meat options to pick as your filling - chicken, mushrooms, tomato basil, etc. I chose to go  with mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and basil. It was hot and fresh, however it broke and fell apart too easily as it was a bit too soggy. The bread and mozz cheese was hot and tasted good, but the tomato basil mixture was more like a sauce and tasted like something right out of a prepackaged container. Overall, the piada would have been lot better without that tomato basil sauce which also made it soggy along with the out-of-a-container taste/smell. The service, on the other hand, was exceptional specially given that its a quick-bite small restaurant in a busy busy NYC area. You can stand and eat inside or there are some tables/chairs outside the restaurant. The cashier offered to bring my order to me while I sat outside and was very helpful. Overall, it's an okay spot for a quick bite, but the helpful and friendly cashier definitely makes it a pleasant experience.
#REVIEW#I'm disappointed in this food~ I am staying in a near hotel and ordered from grub hub for delivery. I ordered the vodka penne with chicken, which tasted like it was frozen and warmed up. Not enough sauce, chicken in small bites that was surely frozen, and mushy pasta penne. We also ordered the caprese piada. It's ok but the cheese wasn't that good and I didn't enjoy. I can tell from the reviews that the food here does meet the fancy of many people, but it wasn't what I hoped for. I should have ordered from a more traditional Italian restaurant.
#REVIEW#Definitely go here.I tried their Piadine 4 times and piadizze 1 timeAnd every visit, it was really really good.I lived in Italy 9 years but haven't been too exposed to food of the region that they are from (Emilia-Romagna), so it was new for me, as well, but not-at-all adventurous, or love-it-or-hate-it. Very accessible food to anyone! Piadizze are good for people who love pizza but wish to cut down on the carbs a little. Because the dough is thinner and less starchy, the flavor intensity of the cheese and toppings is even higher, which is a good thing.The price point for the piadizze is not that high, considering that you would pay 13-16 dollars for a one-person portion of Margherita pizza in other authentic places in the Hells Kitchen area (Don Antonio, Tavola, B Squared or Nizza..)The highlight is their Piadine. (Singular is Piadina)Just order anything on the menu.I ordered 4 so far and they were all good.These are (no offence to China) how I wish Jianbing dough would taste like. The type of dough they use have very similar to each other (if you cannot picture what I am saying, think of tortilla that is made of flour, but a little more flaky) but there is something outstanding about their dough..maybe it is the olive oil that they put in their mix. And all the meat veggies and cheese ingredients that go inside that Piadine are very good and authentic.AlsoIf you tag them on Instagram on the spot, they give you 10% off.No tip (although you can tip them voluntarily) and 10% off is not that bad!
#REVIEW#Came by to pick up some breakfast for me and some friends before heading to a con at the Javits Center. Was very thankful to find a place open decently early with things that aren't just breakfast foods.I ordered a ton of different items along + an iced latte w/ an extra shot of espresso, all through the online ordering system. They got my entire order correct and boxed them up in a way that would be fairly easy to carry. Service was very kind too.For my giant takeout I got a croissant salato, romagnola piada, mantovana cassone, caprese piada, 2 nutella bombolini, 1 cream bombolini, and an iced latte w/ extra shot1) Mantovana Cassone: My main entree. SO SO SO good. The creamy sweet pumpkin w/ the fatty pancetta and light cheese. I could eat this forever. By the time I got to take a break to eat it had already congealed a bit and it was still amazing (5/5)2) Nutella Bombolini: Decent but sort of average though for less $3 I can't complain. It's a sugar donut full of nutella, you can't go that wrong. I do wish the donut was just a tad airer though (4/5)3) Iced Latte: Average but got the job doneAll the other items all seemed to have gone over well. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their order and I definitely would want to try the other options in the future too.Overall I absolutely adore this place. I need one ASAP in California.---The re-return: Mantovana Cassone---
#REVIEW#I was waiting around for my bus at Port Authority and was really craving some pizza and found this place on Yelp. So glad I did! Not your regular NYC pizza. They have 3 different styles...something like a sandwich, a quesadilla, and a thin crust. I opted for the Tuscana thin crust style pizza. It was amazing!! I saw them making the crust and pizza fresh from start to finish behind the counter. Crispy crust and ooey gooey cheese served hot. I loved the prosciutto and arugula on top. Served personal pan style so enough for one person.I also couldn't resist the Nutella bombolone. Soft, fresh doughnut like dessert stuffed with my favorite, Nutella. Nice finish after the pizza.The cashier was very friendly and helpful in explaining the different menu items. They have a cute little outdoor seating area where you can enjoy your meal!
#REVIEW#This is a great splurge for breakfast, and on par (for the area) for lunch.  Either way, I'm really looking forward to treating myself through their menu. The breakfast piada (pictured) was really awesome. A TAD greasy, but so good.  Amazing to watch the chef making it from scratch while I had a nice conversation with their very welcoming cashier.   I really appreciated the cashier guiding me in my choice (I originally asked to get a Cassoni with egg added.  But she kindly suggested I do the same with a Piada, since the flatbread has the texture to support the egg, while the Cassoni is soft/delicate, and not the best vessel for what I wanted.  Awesome!).Quaint, welcoming, fresh, and offering very nice portions to match the ticket prices.  I've had piada elsewhere in the city. That flatbread make NSP stand above the rest.  Flaky, buttery, layers, and great texture others aren't offering.And that nutella bombolone...GAH!  Give 'em a go, y'all!  Always looking to keep quality local businesses up and running.  They got a good thing going here!
#REVIEW#Disappointed. Came with high expectations after reading all the Yelp reviews. Ordered the Newyorkese - chicken was very dry, lettuce was warm and wilted, and the entire sandwich tasted a bit greasy, leaving an unpleasant aftertaste. Didn't even bother to finish it and couldn't get my SO to do so either after he took one bite of the chicken.
