#NAME#Ipanema Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ipanema-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#brazilian,latin,portuguese#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came here few weeks ago with my sisters and my little nephew, we made a reservation and were promptly seated.It was a busy night and the manager Ewerton started taking our order of drinks and appetizers, and gave the best recommendations:Appetizers: we had the regular cheese bread(pao de queijo), also the one with Catupiry(Brazilian cheese), empanadas(pasteis) and Chef's special. Looooove empanadas.Then we had an excellent service by our waiter Carlos and the busboy David...the took very good care of us.Dinner: I had the octopus(Polvo a Lagareiro) - it was very, very tender and came two big tentacles with potatoes and grilled onions. Delicious. My sister had Chicken Strogonoff and the other one shared the Bitoque with the kid... no food left to tell story. Love the rice and beans combination.Dessert: of course we had to try the Brazilian flan and Pasteis de Nata. One specialty of each country: Brazil and Portugal. And both were flavorful and well served - the flan was pretty big.Drinks: I only can say that I will definitely be back for the Avua Caipirinha again. Hint: ask for the Passion Fruit flavor, its to die for.
#REVIEW#To start, things went terribly. There was lipstick on my friends water glass when we sat down (spoiler alert, it wasn't hers) and the bread they serve might be the worst bread I have ever had at a restaurant. Not only that, but the butter packets they serve with it might be the worst butter packets I have ever had as well. I thought to myself uh oh, this will be terrible. But after that things got better. Our service was fairly quick and we both enjoyed our food. My friend got the bitoque and I got the vatapa. Both were tasty and we both enjoyed ourselves. We got their fried bananas which neither of us liked. Too fried and not tasty. I wouldn't order it again. But their flan dessert was amazing. It was a great texture and just delightful. I really recommend the flan - star of the night. Quick service and good food, just improve the bread and the sanitary aspect for 5 stars. Seriously about the bread, don't have bread if it's going to be that poor of quality. I really hope they read this so they stop with that.
#REVIEW#Food: 4/5    Price: 2/5   Service: 5/5   Ambience: 5/5Fancy Brazilian place in downtown NYC. Amazing attentive service, great setting, good food, but overpriced for what it is. Pasties ($12) - 3/5. Sampler of 3 classic Brazilian empanadas. Beef, three cheese with spinach, hearts of palm Fraldinha com chimichurri  ($33) - 5/5. Skirt steak with homemade Brazilian chinichurri. Delicious steak cooked medium doneness, keeping the soft texture and juiciness. Loved the homemade chimichurri that was rich in flavor. FEIJOADA COMPLETA ($26) - 2/5. Brazil's National Dish: black bean stew with dried meat, pork, sausage and bacon. Just a mediocre dish tbh. PAELHA ($32) - 4/5. Jumbo shrimp, clams, mussels, chicken, sausage & scallops cooked in saffron rice. Flavorful rice with lots of toppings. ROBALO GRELHADO ($26) - 3/5. Broiled Portuguese Sea-Bass lightly seasoned with rock salt and served with sautéed vegetables. Good but tiny.
#REVIEW#I had a very good experience here with my date. He ordered the wrong thing. Such as the coconut cocktail. Too strong. His entree he order was just pork sausage chicken and steak with Yuzu. It was nothing special. If I got his order I would have rate it maybe 2 or 3 star. The chicken and pork was dry. Nothing special, it was a mix meat platter. The cocktail was bad. But I ended up getting the steak with shrimp and cheese on top and lemon potatoes. Great choice with passion fruit  cocktail to top of off. I would come to try other things.
#REVIEW#I dined here once while in NYC for a three day work trip, and I'm very glad I made it one of my three dinners in a city with hundreds of food options. First of all, I can very rarely find a restaurant in the United States that serves Super Bock on draft. I really enjoyed having this beer in Portugal last May but haven't had it since. This drink made the meal start off great. For food, I will warn you to skip an appetizer if you aren't hungry. Our entrees came with a side of white rice and black beans. I'm not sure if this is typical. We were hungry, however, so we got the empanadas as an appetizer. My favorite was the cheese stuffed one, though the others were quite good too. Seemingly everything on the menu caught my eye, but when I asked our fantastic waiter for a recommendation between the few dishes I was considering, he recommended the bitoque. This is one of the restaurant's three "classic" dishes, and wow am I glad he pointed me in that direction. Though it wasn't the best steak I've ever had prepared, the garlic beer sauce was to die for. I used the potatoes that came with the dish as well as the black beans and white rice to soak up every bit of sauce. If I'm back in the city any time soon, I would certianly consider going back to Ipanema. The great food, beer, and service (which I realize now I didn't mention before, but it was incredible) made for an excellent experience.
#REVIEW#My first impression of the restaurant was "great! I dont need to eat in the dark!"  The tables are well spaced out so it doesnt feel so crammed. There are daily specials depending on the day of week. I got the steak with potatoes in this beer sauce which was delicious. The only thing was I felt a bit rushed out because they gave us the check before we asked for it and kept checking like twice to see if we were ready to pay while I was still talking to my friend.
#REVIEW#We came here on a Friday at around 5pm. Though it was relatively empty, the restaurant filled up by 6pmThe menu is big, heaps of choices. The appetizer we ordered were really good. The calamari was definitely fresh so it was not rubbery at all. The assorted empandas were also yummy. For the main, we ordered skirt steak and it was GOOD! We were glad that we shared a main as the portion was really big. All the side condiments that came with the main were tasty. It might not be the best steak i ever had but overall it was a good meal. Very filling and memorable. I would definitely be back.
#REVIEW#We had a great dinner tonightFlavio was a great waiterWe started with the cheese bread and the shrimp bisque. The bread was good. The rest of the family thought it was great. The bisque was good consensus from the table. It was a little more tomato based than we were expecting Special. Scallops with mashed sweet potato excellent NY strip Parmesan style. Interesting not quite as expected. Covered in a very chunky tomato sauce and lots of cheese. My daughter thought it was good 2 of us had the Picanha. Cooked excellent Comes with shareable rice and beans. Excellent Desert was great. Flan was excellent and a generous portionTres Leches was good. My wife thought excellent All agreed the Brigaderos were phenomenal There is no way you can be disappointed here
#REVIEW#The entrees and drinks were decent but I wasn't a fan of the appetizers we ordered. Also, even though our main server was incredibly nice and helpful, there was one person on the waitstaff that made our table very uncomfortable.For appetizers, we ordered the shrimp in garlic / olive oil as well as the pasteis (empanadas). The shrimp lacked flavor and was disappointing to me. I would also prefer to get empanadas elsewhere.For our entrees, we shared the Churrasco Impanema (NY strip topped with cheese, crabmeat and shrimp) and the Paelha. I enjoyed the toppings on the steak and a decent amount of seafood came with the Paelha.Unfortunately, we also had a waitstaff who was extremely pushy and at times rude with our table. I have no complaints with our main server, but the person coming around to refill our waters and take away plates made us uncomfortable. His tone was a bit condescending towards us and at one point he was shaking my to-go package in my face.
#REVIEW#Good service, decent speed and nice interior. On the noisier side but it's alright. Not too hard to find and walkable to the orange line or Times Square with several other subway lines do it's super convenient. A few selections of wine/beer/cocktails and food. They do have dessert menu as well. They offer bread and the texture is good. The portion is generally okay except the Bacalhau à Brás was pretty small, so if you order that you need an appetizer or if you have a fairly small appetite. It's a bit pricey for the overall experience and taste though. It's nice and light, nothing too greasy and the quality of the ingredients are good but all in all it wasn't anything memorable. Not a place I'd go back to or recommend to be honest, but it's not a place I'd warn people not to go either. It's just okay
#REVIEW#Food was tasty, drinks were very good (try the caipirinha with coconut cream - fantastic), prices were fair for this part of town, and service was very attentive.All in all, we were very pleased and would definitely return...
#REVIEW#My husband and I couldn't  wait to try this restaurant as both love traditional Brazilian and Portuguese food, so I booked a table for two as a special surprise for his birthday. It may be significant to note that he's Portuguese and that we have many friends in Brazil who we visit often. So we know our way around the local cuisine. In fact, my spouse - an actor and director - was surprised to recognize many familiar faces in the photographs of patrons that line the entrance to the restaurant.Ipanema is not a theme restaurant. You won't find murals of the famous beach or coconut trees in the dining room. It's perfectly appointed in an understated way - elegant but simple. The emphasis instead is on the menu and it is amazing. Our choices (traditional Brazilian feijoada and vatapa) did not disappoint and we definitely plan to return with friends soon to experience some of the other dishes.The only "negative" to the evening (not really a big deal but still worth noting) was that the service was uneven. Our waiter, engaging and personable in the beginning, seemed to lose interest just after he failed in his attempts to up-sell us premium cachaca for our drinks. Afterward, we received a lot more attention from the busboy. To be fair, it may have just been a busy evening for him, but when a dessert menu and coffee are are not offered at the end of a fine meal (and one has to ask the busboy to ask the waiter to please bring the bill) there is definitely something amiss.
#REVIEW#We had a great time and ordered two starters and two main courses that our server Artiz suggested.  The staff was great and were very nice and attentive.   The Vatapa was especially tasty as were the fried bananas.   I'm putting up some photos of the order.  We'd go back again. Oh, and upon checking in with the Yelp app, I was given a complimentary glass of beer.  Nice!Update: May 5, 2019Mindy and I returned for another awesome dinner.  Bualdo helped make this an evening to remember.  Thank you Bualdo.  We appreciate your humor and kindness.We've upped it to 5 stars.
#REVIEW#2.5-3 stars. Came here for dinner with some girlfriends and was disappointed with most of the food. Pros:- Delicious Pão de Queijo (Classic Brazilian cheese breads). Perfectly baked and super flavorful. - Enjoyed hearts of palm in the Ipanema Salad and the juicy steak and potato fries in the Churrasco Misto- Attentive and friendly service.Cons:- Extremely pricey food for small portions and subpar quality. The Paelha (Jumbo shrimp, clams, mussels, chicken, sausage & scallops cooked in saffron rice) was very small for the steep price tag of $32!! It was a salt bomb and as a result hard to eat or enjoy. Banana Fritas (Fried Sweet Bananas) are not your typical plantains but are breaded, fried, and extremely sweet. The sausage, chicken, and pork loin in the Churrasco Misto (also small for $29) were dry and tough. I barely ate any of those pieces. The Ipanema Salad was a confusing random mix of ingredients, nothing really went together. There was barely any lettuce, the coconut fried shrimp was over-fried, and the linguiça was oversalted. - While our main server was nice, the busboy/waitstaff was very abrupt and aggressive. He slammed dishes down and one time he so pushy he knocked one of our water glasses and water went all over our table. He apologized profusely afterward. Just calm down!Overall, would recommend for Happy Hour (Bar only, 4-7pm) on discounted cocktails and Pão de Queijo but wouldn't come for dinner.
#REVIEW#Went in with healthy expectations but the menu did not seem very Brazilian. I've been to a joint before and so I was expecting more. The food came out fine but I guess I was looking for an experience that was more authentic.Service is great.
#REVIEW#Very nice food! We ordered appetizers and grilled shrimps. The avocado with crab was amazing!
#REVIEW#Y'all aren't ready for this if you don't have popcorn and a drink. I never leave rants like this but what a seething shit show of a place hiding under the pretense of an upscale Brazilian restaurant. Birthdays you always want to make just a little special for the person and so you take your chance I made a reservation two weeks in advance for 6 for a birthday dinner at 730pm. We added an extra person which I called for the morning of, and they said no problem. I asked if they would do something special at the end for the birthday person, to that they also said no problem! I was hyped from the reviews. Half the party showed up 715 and the table wasn't ready the rest of us roll in at 730 and the hostess said the table wasn't ready. We were ok because we were sitting at the bar waiting. We were seated at 8pm...at least stop by let us know you're working on us your only guests waiting in the entire place. Our server wasn't super excited but did his part to ask if we wanted something to drink. The drinks came on time followed by the appetizers and after we ordered our entrees we got them at 930pm... he didn't come to give us an update just kept walking past us like he was busy with who knows whatThe place is two floors but less than 30 tables and it wasn't packed nor was there a wait. I did feel like my table of Indian/Chinese ethnicity were ignored for the most part aside from the busboy who refilled our water. There was an empty table at the center of the second floor but they sat us by the bathrooms instead. I also noted that people who were seated after us got their entrees before us. I thought to myself maybe they wanted us to be served together but when our food came only half of us were served.To top it off at the end when they cleared our table there was no special birthday cake, I had to get up and ask the fucking waiter. The entire night I asked for drinks FOR the birthday boy, pointing at the guy sitting at the head of the table. Still when the waiter came with the slice of flan he still had to ask me who the damn birthday was. The food was so pricey for small dry portions I got the mixed meats and their was a middle finger sized sausage cut in half a dry palm sized pork chop with an even smaller steak on top. My boyfriend got the Paelha which seemed most worth it. For 29~ portion plates the quality didn't match at all. The drinks were strong and worth it though. All in all the service nor food left a positive impression. If you're in the area and you're not Caucasian, SKIP.
#REVIEW#Went here with a girlfriend of mine for dinner. The food is delicious. I got the sea bass and we shared the calamari. Service was good. There were a few downfalls: 1) the place is a little noisy. We felt like towards the end of the meal we were shouting. 2) no Vinho Verde. How do you have a Portuguese restaurant without this or Porto?
#REVIEW#I highly recommend this place! I came here to have a surprise bday dinner for my mom and they were so sweet and accommodating! I enjoyed speaking with everyone from the hostess to the servers and the bartender! Wonderful customer service! One recommendation before I go on about how great the food is: if you have older people in your reservation or individuals who can't go up stairs, it's tough. The bathrooms are up 3 short flights. Now back to the food! Everything we ordered was delicious: the croquettes, the camarao empanado, the vatapa, both the soups, a shrimp dish with this yummy, slightly spicy red sauce...all very good. As well as the birthday flan they brought my mom :)...the drinks were also very well made! Obrigada Ipanema!! Great spot for yummy food and a good time. I'll be back next time I'm in NYC visiting home!
#REVIEW#We walked in a Wednesday night with no reservations and were seated quickly. Overall service was good although we had a hard time understanding our waiter. None of us are Brazilian or Portuguese food experts so do not have much to compare to. Steaks were cooked as ordered and juicy. I do not think the avocado stuffed with crab was too interesting or worth ordering but everything else was decent.Abacate Recheado 1/2 avocado stuffed with lump crab meat & remoulade sauce $15 Bitoque NY Strip in a garlic and beer sauce with fries and topped with an egg $28Churrasco Ipanema Grilled NY Strip topped with shrimp, crab meat and melted cheese $30 Mariscada Algarvia Southern Portuguese medley of jumbo shrimp, mussels, clams & scallops in a seafood & vegetable sauce $30 Bacalhau à Brás Shredded Portuguese salted codfish with onions, shoestring fries & scrambled eggs topped with black olives and parsley $28
