#NAME#Hillstone Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/hillstone-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I arrived 5 minutes before Hillstone was about to close, expecting (if I'm lucky) to order food to go.  Everyone I spoke to was so kind.  I apologized profusely and promised I would eat quickly.  I sat at the bar and within 3 minutes of ordering an appetizer and main course, both were placed in front of me. Perfect!  I was so hungry. I am not the type of person who waltzes into any establishment preparing to close for the day.  I am absolutely cognizant of how tired the employees must be. And I'm never the asshole who complains about his food to demand the order be cooked again from scratch no matter how bad the food is.I've worked in retail and in the food industry.  So I was extremely humbled and appreciative that the Hillstone staff and kitchen were willing to share in the destruction of my unsatiated hunger.  I've seen waiters spit and urinate on food (for realz).  I'm sure those same assholes waiters would add an extra ingredient to a marinara pasta dish if they had dysentery. Not sure how to segue from the last paragraph, but here it goes:  To all the wonderful staff at this Hillstone, thank you so much!
#REVIEW#30 GIANT STARS FOR THE FRENCH DIP. that sando is divine! the thinly sliced beef is so tender and absolute compliment to the bun and then the jus dip. perfection! I asked for a side of horseradish to add to the sandwich because it's an excellent tang-heat component and i really dig that wasabi  cousin horseradish effect through the nostril kick. So good!Artichoke dip is good. it's very creamy w lots of spinach...and ask for more chips and they'll bring some more. Osaka sushi is always a good impressive app.The way the sushi is sliced so perfectly and straight. i want that kitchen knife! (i wish there was a knife that always kept itself sharp)... the foccacia was good but just good.. i would skip it...Now i'm dreaming about that french dip... what a good memorable sandwich. If you dont have room anymore and you think brownie or sundae- go with the brownie! (i know with the sunday you get a genie-lamp like sauce pitcher full of choco sauce but...) the brownie is warm, crispy on the outside, soooo gooey on the inside w/ walnuts and a happy scoop of vanilla ice cream w/ caramel sauce... THAT-GOOD!Classic dessert done right. After work hours (5-9p) can be a little noisy, so work your volume and huddle in with your party to chit chat and you'll be set.
#REVIEW#I have heard good things about Hillstone but after my first visit, I am not blown away. The restaurant is very nice and the service is good. The food was so so. We had:- Spinach Artichoke Dip - very good but not unique- Veggie Burger - didn't care for this at all. It was sloppy, falling apart and had some sort of sweet sauce on it.Due to its convenient location, I will probably come back and if my experience is better, I will update this review.
#REVIEW#Quality food. I had the burger which was good but nothing I would really return for. I would definitely come back but I would try something new. Menu appears to change periodically to keep things fresh. All around a good experience if your looking for solid American style fare in the area i would come here. Just beware that it gets very busy on weekends.
#REVIEW#I'm obsessed with their famous french dip - available for both lunch & dinner. The sandwich itself is delicious (especially with their horseradish), but what makes it even better is the shoestring fries that come with it. I recently, for the first time got the Thai Steak & Noodle salad and it has become my favorite. The dutch chicken, although it was okay wasn't anything I haven't had before. I wouldn't order it again. The vibe here is very corporate and is very dimly lit with a lamp hovering over each table. Honestly, not the best lighting to impress but the food is worth a try!
#REVIEW#This place is amazing! Was my final meal in NYC, got the poké as an appetizer, roasted prime rib + loaded baked potato, and a brownie à la mode + Apple cobbler à la mode. The food was all so amazing, they give you huge portions, I could barely breathe afterwards. Could've probably done without the appetizer, the prime rib is a huge piece and the loaded baked potato could be a meal on its own. *tip*- You can bring your own bottle of wine (one), there used to not be a uncorking fee, but they just started charging $15. Also see website for dress attire, the place is fancy, don't show up in a sports jersey, you'll look like an idiot.
#REVIEW#5 stars for the whole experience. The vibe is perfect here. You got your fun lounge style bar area upon entering which is useful when you have a large party with no reservations lol. Anyhow after being seated the waitress took our orders and was pleasant in all our interactions even while some of us changed our mind multiple times.The table had its own intimate vibe which was awesome! Felt like it was just like us having dinner at a friends but all deced out and catered lolThe menu here is smaller then the other branches I'm used to. Anyhow I always get the burger and it was phenomenal. Favorite part of Hillstone? Its dessert. That Sundae. I don't even vanilla ice cream but these guys make the perfect use of it.Highly recommend this spot. Whether it's a date or chillin with the homies :)Just remember no hats in the dinning area :)Enjoy the pics and videos!
#REVIEW#Found myself a place who re-shakes my martini whilst mid drink. I FEEL LIKE A QUEEN. You know when you're 3/4ths of the way into a delicious cocktail and it gets warm and weird and you're forced to chug the rest? Well.... These guys come around and automatically re-shake your martini for you. Even if you're in the bar area at the high top tables. Amen to YOU fine sir or madame for making that a thing. Dirty martini is bangin. Wish they offered blue cheese stuffed olives.... positive it would be a hit with this crowd. Bar is always packed after 5pm no matter what day it is. Ladies, wear a low cut shirt and BOOM a man offers his seat to you. God we are magical. Service is phenomenal. "Hello" and "Goodbye" from the staff every single time. If something is not up to par, they will remake it and/or comp it. Never happened to me but I've seen it occur once or twice. Have yet to try the food but I can always see it being prepared from afar (open kitchen) and then smell the aromas and obviously immediately begin to salivate and therefore publicly embarrassing my date. Drooling is cool as long as it's in a fine establishment such as Hillstone and not at a Taco Bell. Have some class.
#REVIEW#5 star experience EVER. SINGLE. TIME. My fiancée and I went here the night we got engaged.... I think that it was this location. We get The Hawaiian and the emerald salad. The steak is the best thing since sliced bread. It's a pineapple infused number that I could eat once a week. The salad is chocked full of chicken. Service here is top notch. Make a reservation if you're coming on a weekend, as it gets busy. Love love love Hillstone. We need one in NC.
#REVIEW#Went to Hillstone Park Ave tonight. Don't get to go here as often as I like because the reservations fill up on the Resy app so quickly. I had to book a 7PM reservation on a Sunday night a week ahead of time! FYI expect a wait of ~1 hour 15 minutes if you show up without a reservation.What I love about Hillstone is - it's consistent. You know what you are going to get. The food is outstanding. What I don't love - the service is eh. Waiters are not the most friendly, and definitely seem itching to rush you out the door. But I guess you don't need to be friendly when there's such a long waitlist. Only reason I don't give 5 stars.On to the food. If you don't know - the Spinach & Artichoke Dip is one of the best on the planet. If it's your first time, definitely order it. My girlfriend and I are trying to cut back on dairy, only reason I didn't. We got:Nice Little House Salad ($12) - one of the best House Salads ever, the croutons are cheesy and to die for, great value, definitely order.Coconut Shrimp Roll ($18) - our first time ordering the sushi items on the menu and both were very good!'Osaka Style' Spicy Tuna ($19) - nice portion, very tasty, impressive presentation, these were good. Hillstone Burger ($24) - this burger competes with the best of them. And I order overpriced burgers at alllll the NYC restaurants. The fries are too thin however. Next time I'm getting the cole slaw instead. Dutch Country Chicken ($29) - my girlfriend ordered this solid roasted chicken with an apricot glaze and wild rice salad. It was very good.Overall, very satisfied with this dinner, will definitely be back the next time I get the energy to make dinner reservations at a mid tier restaurant a week ahead of time.
#REVIEW#Meh. A corporate manufactured, chain-based experience through and through.1. Attentive staff trained to provide a great experience based on research into dining habit and what those with the corporate card expects.  See #3.2. An unimaginative menu that's literally all over the place. From sushi and artichoke dip (yea, the 1980's called and wants its appetizer back) to ribs and teriyaki glazed salmon the menu has no direction.  No creativity.  No sense of self as it tries to please all and offend none.  Though, generally speaking, fairly well executed. 3.  Yea, it's a corporate card, bridge and tunnel type of place.  Nothing welcomes the 3rd year wedding anniversary as much as accompanying overweight white men from the Mid-west in pleated khakis heaving their paid for Red Label back.Meh.
#REVIEW#If you're ever going to pay $25 for a plate of vegetables and walk away happy, this is where that's going to be happening. Hillstone is a very relaxing restaurant with an upscale feel to it. While I was waiting for my friend, I sat at the bar for about an hour, which they were happy to accommodate. There were a few well-off people around me who were clearly regulars there, so this is that kind of place. We were seated as soon as our table was ready, and we ordered the vegetable appetizer sample, and requested the broccoli, bok choy, cauliflower, and spinach; each one was better than the last! If this was the whole meal, I would've been a happy girl. But wait, there's more. We got the Dutch Country Chicken and the fish of the day, the tilefish, which is very similar to whitefish. The chicken is so juicy and tender; every bite melted in my mouth. It was maybe the best chicken I've ever had, and it's a huge portion - you will definitely have leftovers. The tilefish was also delicious. It's a solid portion of the filet and comes with mashed potatoes and vegetables, not to mention a bunch of popcorn shrimp on top of it. I highly recommend either dish for your entree. They have an extensive menu that offers two different cuisines (American and sushi), so I can see how people return in order to try other things. I really loved my time here, not just because of the meal and ambiance, but also because of the service (shout-out to Shanta - she was so sweet and talkative!). I randomly mentioned how my dad loves mashed potatoes, and Shanta had no issue wrapping up my small amount of mashed potatoes leftovers to take for him. If you're looking for outstanding food in a classy ambiance to maybe impress someone or to treat yourself, Hillstone is the perfect choice. Don't forget to check out the old-school photo of New York in the back by the bathrooms!
#REVIEW#I have been to both locations and every time its a satisfying experience!From the Hostess to the Wait staff is Awesome!!!  Very nice and knowledgeable and if they don't know they say they don't instead of making something up...I appreciate that a lot honesty is key!!I usually get one of the steak options and it is always cook exactly how I like it.  But just let me say their special with the fish and top with jumbo lump crab meat still has my mouth watering and I am anxiously awaiting its return...phat girl prayer:-) llsGreat Date Night spot of you want your parent to show your parents you are growing up (you grown!!!)...this is the spot!!! lls
#REVIEW#I've had really good dinner here, but it's a little pricy for what it is. The spinach artichoke dip is amazing and usually they'll give you more chips because there's never enough in the beginning. I also love the French dip with au jus and the shoestring fries it comes with. Recently I also got the ahi tuna salad and it was amazing. The dressing on the salad is perfect and it is pretty filling. I would recommend coming here.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Always a delicious meal with impeccable service. I can't say I've ever had a bad meal. Whatever you order you'll be satisfied.
#REVIEW#Hillstone is one of my favorite restaurants in nyc. From the same restaurant group as Houston's, they serve up the most delicious cuisine. I would say it's mostly American, offering burgers, sandwiches ribs and steaks, but they also offer sushi and an amazing Asian salad. I've never had a meal here that disappoints. I always get the spinach dip to start - you should too. Then I mix it up between the chicken sandwich, burger or ribs, usually. I might throw a curve ball in there, like the French dip - omg amazing. I seriously crave this restaurant on the regular.
#REVIEW#I wanted a good lunch while visiting NY so I was happy when I ran into one of my favorite restaurants. The time was 12:30 and the place was already packed. I sat at the bar and was greeted promptly. The service was great and the food as good as it always is. I ordered the shaved prime rib sandwich with fries. 20 bucks for a sandwich but it was worth it.
#REVIEW#Man oh man do I love this place! Great place for a business meeting or a date. The lighting makes it just right. They have a great menu and I actually took a client of mine out here for lunch. He had the fried chicken sliders which looked amazing and I had the chicken with wild rice. That was absolutely mind blowing and the flavor notes were just popping overwhere! Seriously if it weren't a business lunch, I would have been a pig and ordered apps and the sushi and just went to town. Oh well, an excuse to come back!! I haven't tried their other NYC location which is significantly closer to my home so I shall give them a shot. Only thing is, is that their chicken seems to be different than the one on Park.
#REVIEW#Don't forget! No hats on head in this place. Sorry bald headed guys of which I'm in the club. When in season on the menu don't miss out on the artichokes. Almost anything on the Menu is great. In fact it was my brother who told us about the than secret item that was not listed but I believe is now a regular...Prime Rib. For Lunch I love the French Dip and I wish all restaurants had Hillstones service and what must be a incredible training program.One big Tip: do make a reservation. Enjoy
#REVIEW#Omg, the BBQ ribs were so good. As I picked one up, the meat literally fell right off of the bone. The BBQ ribs come with "french fries" and coleslaw. The coleslaw was good, but I wished that they served it with thicker cut fries. The "french fries" were more like thin onion crisps. Also, I thought that $38 was a little pricey for ribs, but I'll admit that they were probably one of the best ribs that I've ever eaten. For dessert, my friends and I shared a brownie pie a la mode which was overwhelmingly sweet. I'd suggest that for someone who's averse to eating sweet desserts to either pair it with a cup of coffee or to share it with someone so that you're not eating the whole thing. The ambiance was nice and our server "Tamika F." made our dining experience great. I think that this place is good for a date or dinner with co-workers.
