#NAME#Pepe Rosso Social
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pepe-rosso-social-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Where do I even begin?! This place is a gem. When you enter, you'll be immediately immersed in the warm, cozy, and romantic ambiance with the pretty string lights! Perfect for a date night. We ordered one of the specials of the night, the squid ink pasta, which came with super generous amount of seafood. Spicy tomato sauce had just the enough kick and gave the pasta such a clean and fresh after taste! I had the Penne Tre Porcellini, which was amazing. I usually don't get cream pasta because I get sick of it after awhile but this dish had spicy chorizo and it was the most perfect marriage :') I am not a big fan of teeny scoops of pasta in fancy restaurants but this place def gives you generous portions AND very affordable prices. Now, the dessert. Always make sure to check-in! Free dessert :) we had the mascarpone and ricotta cheesecake and it was THE best. First of all, HUGE slice. Second of all, it has 70% cheesecake and 30% amaretto crust but the cheesecake layer is sooo fluffy and light that it married so well with the cake crumbles. It can sometimes be awkward asking for free stuff from Yelp check-in... but our waiter was so witty, he told us first that the cheesecake was $1 more expensive than everything else ;) and apologized for the cake for being too small (which it clearly wasnt) LOL Service here is amazing. Our waiter was so attentive and witty. Never had to wait for water. There was a minor mishap of mixed checks with the table next to us but the waiter dealt with it in such a funny and nice manner that both parties had a good laugh about it. Overall, if you're craving an amazing plate of pasta, this is the place to visit :)
#REVIEW#I recently had a 10-person birthday dinner here and could not recommend it more for a chill, delicious celebration. The service was so warm and friendly, and the prosecco did not stop flowing all night! Not only did I feel super welcomed, but the food was also perfect. I got the mushroom fettuccine with truffle oil - A+++ would recommend. I had such a great 29th birthday, thanks to Pepe Rosso Social!
#REVIEW#Great little authentic Italian restaurant off the Main Street.  Great vibe - great sized plates. Penne vodka with pancetta was the best. - each of the other dishes were fantastic too- but definitely the winner of the night. Good wine and service.   The kale Caesar salad was fresh light and delicious! Definitely a great find with decent NY prices! Enjoy!
#REVIEW#Looking for delicious Italian cuisine? You found it! We ordered the Penne Tre Porcellini with Pancetta, Prosciutto, Spicy Sausage & Cream Sauce and also the Gnocchi Alla Checca with fresh Tomato, Mozzarella & Basil! Both were packed with flavor and the sauces were amazing!!! Great portions, so don't fill up with the bread!!! I also found that adding too much cheese on top took away from the sauce! A light sprinkle is all that's needed! Both dishes were perfect! I also overheard a chef from a near by Italian restaurant is a frequent here and mentioned he loved this place. Don't forget to check in on Yelp for a dessert treat! We chose the Panna Cotta! It was the perfect end to our pasta meal! It was light, tangy with a hint of sweet! Coming back next time we're in NY!
#REVIEW#Came in for antipasti and wine.  Between all of its we had the beef carpaccio, burrata with prosciutto, melon salad, bruschetta, prosecco, and lambrusco. Everything was delicious. It was a perfect spot to sit, relax, and enjoy good food.
#REVIEW#Wonderful little place. The food was reasonably priced for the portions and quality. The free dessert is always a plus as well from checking in. I had the olive, cheese, and Salumi plate as an appetizer and the squid ink pasta which was good as well. The service was attentive and good. One thing I wish is that they had more of a range of pastas.
#REVIEW#A friend swore to me this was the freshest, most authentic pasta in nyc, he was not wrong!! Everything on the menu was excellent and an incredible value to the traditional places a few blocks away. A hidden gem.
#REVIEW#I am legit a fan of this place. We made a resi for 5:15 pm, and were seated right away. I mean, we were totally going for the early bird dinner and it shows. LOL. But, people started trickling in after us, so it wasn't too lonely. We started with some bread, wine, and apps. The mushroom truffle bruschetta was to die for! I highly recommend it. As was the calamari and zucchini with marinara sauce (& I don't even like zucchini!). We then decided to share a kale Caesar salad and shrimp fettuccini. Both were equally amazing and complimented each other so well. We ended our meal with a delicious ricotta cheesecake. So yum! We were very impressed by the food and service, but most of all, we were VERY impressed with the price. The food is not expensive AT ALL. We're so glad we made a great choice!
#REVIEW#I had a great dinner experience with my girlfriend here! They had a great selection of house made pasta, and wine. Unfortunately, I had a cold at the time so I couldn't taste much but my girlfriend said it was the absolute best gnocchi she had ever had. I will have to take her word for it, but I could tell that the texture of the dish was on point! I would totally recommend this spot for an intimate, dark, romantic dinner.
#REVIEW#We were just looking for decent Italian food w/o a wait since our initial choice had a 3.5 hour wait. So expectations weren't high. Long story short, the food was great! The mozzarella, prosciutto and tomato antipasti was fantastic. Rich and flavorful. The pasta dishes were no different. The only thing better was the staff, which were genuinely warm, attentive and a pleasure. They made special accommodations for my son. Highly recommended!
#REVIEW#Pepe Rosso is exactly what I want out of an Italian meal. Sharing all the pasta with friends as accommodating men with Italian accents bring bottle after bottle of good house wine...that's pretty much it. I'm easy.We had the lasagna bolognese, the cavatelli with hot sausage, the squid ink pasta, the fettuccini with truffle and mushrooms, the bucatini cacio e pepe, the gorgonzola gnocchi, the penne alla vodka with pancetta...all the hits (I wasn't kidding, we had all the pasta). They aren't blowing you out of the water with creativity, but there wasn't a bad plate in the bunch.We even tossed in some salad (surprisingly delicious) and the chicken milanese for our health (it's fried chicken, but it has a salad on top = healthy), and it was all good. Top it all off with some tiramasu and creme brûlée that was very solid (despite a questionable dish choice on the latter) if you're into sweet endings. Plus, the no smoking sign in the bathroom made me smile. How could you ask for anything else? Especially given the serious step up in quality from many of the tourist traps lining the streets nearby.
#REVIEW#Very good service and delicious food with good prices! Nice cozy little restaurant with simple but nice decoration.
#REVIEW#If I had to sum up my experience in one word, the word would be: pleasant. Everything about this place was pleasant. Atmosphere was romantic and lovely (although they can seriously lose the TV fireplace imo), staff was very kind and pleasant, and the food was very, very flavorful and delicious. The only complaint I have is the quantity although I won't hold it against them because I generally eat a lot and I visited expecting not to be filled. The quantity is quite adequate but just not enough for you to feel full bellied. But I enjoyed every second of my visit and I cannot wait to dine here again. (4.5/5)
#REVIEW#oh, hell yes. what a great meal. we walked in without a reso on a saturday night.. the upstairs was BOOMIN busy. thought no way in hell are we gonna be seated. lo and behold--there's a super cozy lower level that you enter through a different door. it was dimly lit. it was warm. they were playing erykah badu. AMBIENCE BABY. started with an order of calamari for the table... not to mention the bread and erlive erl they had set out. i ordered the pear and goat cheese salad and added salmon for my entree. it was delicious. a perfect salad (and i consider myself a salad connoisseur).definitely recommend this place. especially for a date night! ask to be seated downstairs.
#REVIEW#Had dinner here recently when I was in NY. Very small restaurant. The staff was so friendly and provided wonderful service. My favorite appetizer was the burrata!! It was delicious! My only complaint was the bread they provided for the table was stale. It was disappointing because the olive oil was delicious and I didn't have anything to dip! For my entree I had the paparadelle bolognese. Delicious. Wine list was good and had a lot of reasonably priced options.
#REVIEW#Cute candlelit spot right off the main little Italy road. Only some pastas are homemade and it a tad more expensive, so make sure to ask the waiter. You can choose any type of pasta and sauce combo which is great. I got the parpadelle noodles in the Mushroom/truffle sauce. Noodles were perfect al dente, truffle flavor was light but the mushrooms really shines through. Add some fresh ground pepper and the dish is a winner.
#REVIEW#On my radar for years for having affordable AND delicious Italian food, I finally got a chance to try it out when the boy's family came to visit the city. They came with a 3 year old, which sounds terrible, I know. Luckily the kid was cool, and the restaurant was extremely accommodating. For those that insist on doing this, they have 2 high chairs and the owner loves kids, so there ya go ;)I drank a cocktail that I know is gin based and I think had "paradise" in the name. It was listed on the menu as a pre-dinner drink and it hit the spot just right.The fried calamari tasted and appeared frozen (no leg pieces), I'd avoid this. Brushcetta is solid. The appetizer highlight ended up being the arugula salad with Gorgonzola and grilled pear. In turns bright, sweet, and peppery, this was a really delicious salad. The whole reason I had this place bookmarked was the Oxtail Pappardelle. I'll eat oxtail anywhere I see it, and seeing it paired with one of my other favorite things, pasta, was too good to pass up. It was a delicious pasta dish, with a subtle sauce that let the meat shine, and was reasonably priced for oxtail at $17. The meatballs and rigatoni ended up being the tables favorite. Really, really good meatballs are the stuff of legends and Pepe's got em. For those that love the Meatball Shop, I'd strongly urge you to come here and give these a try. They have an upstairs and downstairs "cantina", we ended up eating downstairs and enjoyed the dimly lit, but lively vibe they had going on. Staff was very friendly. I also love how they're a good Italian restaurant in Little Italy, so you can take tourists and still enjoy your meal.
#REVIEW#We tried a bajillion things on the menu and everything was spectacular. Let that be a testament to how high quality Pepe Rosso Social is.What we ate:-Kale cesar -Buratta -Chicken milanese-Penne vodka-Gnocchi parm-Lasagna bolognese-Squid ink linguini -Cavatelli and broccoli with sausage -Cacio e pepeI think that's all. Possibly more? Don't judge, there were seven of us. In any case, this was an outstanding meal from start to finish. My pasta highlight was the cavatelli which was bursting with flavors of garlic and white wine. I order this alot at Italian restaurants and they absolutely nailed it. The chicken milanese was also a winner - the chicken was pounded thin and perfectly crispy and fried. I was also a huge fan of the appetizers - burrata was super creamy and the salad was crisp and delicious. When ordering this much pasta lots of red wine is necessary, and luckily they offer decently priced bottles of wine. Entree sizes are also fair for the price - every dish is in between $15-$20 dollars. Pepe Rosso is a great option for a group dinner or a date night, and I would definitely return for either.
#REVIEW#YUM bolognese with spaghetti is so flavorful and delicious!! The place also is not crowded so good for a casual dinner. Highly recommend if in Nolita/Chinatown area.
#REVIEW#Amazing! Haves dined here a few times over the past year and had a great experience every time. I most recently dined here on an early Friday night with some girlfriends and had another fantastic meal. We arrived around 5:30PM and had a drink at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party. You cannot beat their happy hour - $4 glasses of wine or $12 for 1/2 a carafe, as well as several other deals, until 7PM. We dined in the cantina downstairs - which is cute and cozy and less crowded than the main restaurant. Started out with the mushroom & truffle bruschetta and fried calamari. Both were great. For our meals, we all opted for pasta dishes. I got the penne tre porcellini - highly recommend! My friends got the Gnocci and penne vodka, which they also thoroughly enjoyed. All of the pasta dishes are very reasonably priced as well. For dessert we shared the Nutella tiramisu, which was lovely. Great service also! Will be back.
