#NAME#Capizzi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/capizzi-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Five stars is rare for me- but this one was properly earned. We stopped here after a show and were pleasantly surprised. Small place- homey like a family kitchen but with a large wood fired  oven in the back. We were greeted by friendly staff in a prompt manner.                                                                  I ordered my standard glass of Chardonnay and hubby tried to order a Corona but they brought him a Peroni nastro azzuro which ended up being a great lager.     We ordered the Arancini spinaci and it really knocked my socks off. Four heavenly balls of rice, spinach, garlic and cheese that were perfectly fried, came to us in a very cute handled saucepan. I asked for a side of marinara and was accommodated. Honestly the arancini was excellent without the sauce- both ways were good.    We then got a small special spinach pizza that came to the table with that perfect char you can only get from a wood fired oven. The crust was tender, airy and had nice crispness from the oven. Excellent ratio of spinach to cheese. The basil leaves on top were perfect. This was a really happy trip to Hells's Kitchen.  Fantastic food and great decor!
#REVIEW#Went here after hearing how great this place is..this was to be our first experience with NY style pizza, being from Chicago.  The waitress seemed nice enough and took our order of two individual pizzas...we wait..and wait..and see everyone else get their pizzas (this was on a Wednesday night)..we see numerous pizzas being boxed up and brought out on deliveries.  I see the guy making the pizzas is constantly on his cell phone texting and facebooking.The waitress says nothing after taking our order, even after 55 minutes of patiently waiting.  Finally we ask when our pizzas will be ready.  The guy making the pizzas says "oh..I'm about to make it"...so we're done and tell the waitress (she seems very indifferent and unapologetic) we are leaving.We'll find a better pizza easily..it's NYC...I don't recommend going to this place unless you are willing to waste at least 1.5 hours of your time
#REVIEW#Capizzi is a cozy pizzeria in Hell's kitchen. This area near Penn station is usually a dearth of good food. However Capizzi delivered on a satisfying and tasty meal for us.My friends and I went here after a conference. The space is small. Unfortunately locals and tourists also know about Capizzi so the wait was about 40 minutes.The pizzas were so satisfying. The three of us shared the following.Burrata- this arrived with artichoke hearts, cherry tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, and prosciutto. The cheese was so creamy and fresh. Uovo Pizza- this came loaded with fresh baked eggs and pancetta. It was so satisfying and had a deep rich flavor, thanks to the cheese, sauteed onions and the pancetta. This was my favorite pie.Mushrooms and prosciutto pie- this was delicious with a good crisp crust. The mushrooms and prosciutto were very good. The special of the day was in the Nutella pizza dessert topped with berries. We shared this as dessert. It was such a satisfactory meal.I would definitely return!
#REVIEW#Really 3.5. It is on the backside of port authority so going there in the dark might be a little sketch. The service was solid, but it might be because we were sitting at 5:00 before the small place filled up. The pizzas were all fresh and tasty. They used a real wood burning brick oven which creates a great char taste. I recommend the burrata and focaccia for apps. The wine list is limited so don't expect much for a $40 bottle. It worked for a pre theatre dinner but was pricey relative to location and servings.
#REVIEW#We got one Margherita with sweet Italian sausage and pepperoni and one artichoke white pizza. For $20 each ($25/person including tip, no drink), I think the pizzas were not impressive. They are certainly good, but not too much better than the street pizza joints around the corner--not enough for a $20 pizza. Compared to some of the craft pizza places I've been to, this is underwhelming. The crust is thin, which I like. The sauce, cheese and toppings are too thin to my taste--probably a personal thing, but I d prefer a thicker layer of things.
#REVIEW#The pizza was absolutely perfect. We ordered the margherita. It was $12 for a 12" personal size. I don't know how they do it but somehow they manage to make the crust perfectly chewy, but also melt in your mouth and light. The sauce tasted so fresh and delicious I could have drank it. Like I said, it was a perfect Italian style pizza. The little shop is cute and cozy, no frills with quick service.
#REVIEW#There was a line when we arrived at 6:30 pm. No formal check in, but just an acknowledgement of who was next as we waited outside. When we were seated about 20 min later, we understood why we waited. The smell of fresh ingredients was the first thing to hit me. I ordered a caprese salad which had some of the best mozzarella I've ever tasted. Roasted red peppers were unbelievable. The size of the pizza is between a personal and small, but just right for two after salads. The flavor of the sauce on the pizza was unlike what I can get in SC. The quality of the ingredients is what sets it apart. I could eat this pizza every day.
#REVIEW#The perfect pizza! The arancini is equally as good... check this place out! We walked 10 blocks o get here and was totally worth it.
#REVIEW#Not NYC pizza... boutique/ Neapolitan pizza, which typically means I paid too much for my oven and rent so, I am charging 20 bucks for a tiny pie that is not that good.Crust was ok...sauce runny, pancetta was bacon. Save your money for a place with slices in the window.
#REVIEW#Finally got to try the much raved about pizza here.  Every time I went it was packed out the door.  This time, the trick was to go at an off hour.I think my favorite things about the pie are the crust and the ripe san marzano sauce.  For pizza purists, the plain pie might be the go to choice.And use the bathroom if possible.  They got a old fashioned chain toilet.  Lol
#REVIEW#I'm not sure if we were unlucky, but we had to wait about 30 minutes for our pizzas to come out. Therefore, I can't recommend coming here if you're hangry or have something scheduled after. By the time my pizza arrived, I only had time to eat one slice before boxing it up to go as we had a show to get to. Pizza Margherita $12.95: Size is right for a personal pizza. The sauce had a good flavor and ratio to crust. The crust was thin and crispy, but a tad too burnt in some spots.
#REVIEW#Capizzi on very brisk Saturday lunch date was perfect!I absolutely loved this small hidden gem, the star of the show - the beautiful brick oven in the back that produces these heavenly pizzas. The place is not big at all so seating is limited - but it was our lucky day as there was no wait at all.I got the classic margherita, of course, husbandry went for the margherita with pepperoni and sausage. The pizzas we're absolutely heavenly and divinely delicious with every bite. soft and chewy dough but yet charred and crispy on some parts. The sauce was so clean and light, but oh soooooo flavorful. But most of all, the burata was to die for. There are a ton of pizza places in New York, but I am glad we stumbled upon this amazing place - service was also awesome. We cannot wait to come back!
#REVIEW#Great brick oven pizza. The place is SMALL, be ready to wait. I counted 10 tables. The pizza was delicious and came out super fast. The atmosphere is old world Italian. Most of the staff speaks Italian. I've eaten way more pizza than I should and I can highly recommended this place.
#REVIEW#Authentic New York pizza at a great price.  This little, hole in the wall restaurant, could easily be overlooked; however, if you are in the area, be sure to stop here.  The ambiance is charming, service is great and most importantly, pizza is delicious.  Aside from pizza, try the sangria.  It is not super sweet, but a nice option aside of typical options for drinks.  We'll definitely be back, on our next visit to NYC!
#REVIEW#Absolutely great, legit Italian pizza place. Excellent food. Tremendous variety of pizzas that are imaginative and delicious. I would highly recommend this place to anyone
#REVIEW#Great in a pinch for a late dinner after a performance in the theater district (kitchen was open till 11:30pm the night we were there). Apart from appetizers and salads, it's all pizzas FYI -- we thought we were ordering a pizza and a plate of eggplant parmesan, only to discover that the eggplant parmesan was a pizza as well. No matter, both were great! Pizzas are individually sized.
#REVIEW#This is the best Za in NYC in my opinion. My husband and I are snobs when it comes to Napoletana style pizza, and this place does it right! The ingredients are so fresh and the flavor of the sauce i
#REVIEW#Staying in NYC for the evening (alone) and looked for a place for a glass of wine and authentic pizza. This fit my expectations perfectly!
#REVIEW#Great service, perfect food, and nice environment! You know it's awesome when Italians fill up the restaurant!  Highly recommend. I will be back again and again.
#REVIEW#We were looking for a pizza place we haven't tried in the area and realized that Capizzi had been under our nose for quite a while.  I think I had been there many years ago, but anyway....We each had the pepperoni pizza.  It was pretty darn good.  It was personal sized and Neapolitan style.  It came out pretty quickly and was just right.  It is not the best pizza the Earth has ever seen, but it is very good.  Also, the service was very good was well.  There was one guy working the room and he was efficient and very friendly with some regulars, very casual.  There was a nice, relaxed vibe to the place, even though it is only a couple of blocks from the craziness of Times Square.
