#NAME#Market Table
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/market-table-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,wine_bars,desserts#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#How did this place drop to 4 stars?Went here for dinner recently and they just crushed it. I also don't think I've ever had a gigondas for $85 at a restaurant in NYC. It was a very good bottle of wine but to be honest it was the food that stood out. I had a lamb dish that was so perfectly done as well as just really interesting without being so unusual that it feels like you're at an avant guarde art gallery. Wife had a pasta starter as her main - I don't remember the details other than lamb sausage and a spiky cheese. I would have eaten however much of that dish they were willing to make. Off the charts stuff. I keep thinking about every course we had and honestly cannot find a shortcoming with the meal including dessert. Get involved.
#REVIEW#Vegans beware!I came here as a vegan with a meat eating friend. I ordered the one vegan dish on the menu.  It was a big lump of cauliflower that was barely warmed on the outside and raw throughout. I sent it back for further cooking and it was later returned to the table without having been changed in any way.  Oh well, the pistachios on top were good.Also, if they want to offer small vegetable plates to vegans, it would be more gracious not to leave something off of every dish: cheese, honey, etc. Why would we want to go to a nice restaurant in order to feel deprived? There are many, many delicious vegan dishes that aren't corruptions of vegetarian dishes.In the end, they didn't charge me for the two coffees and one after dinner drink, although I was expected to pay for the cauliflower. I guess that was nice of them?I'm giving them two stars because the wait staff was lovely and because my friend was happy with her food.PS There was also no vegan bread available.
#REVIEW#I normally don't bother to write bad reviews, but this server made me mad beyond words. After food arrived, he came by literally every 5 minutes asking how it's going. He interrupted my conversation 20 times and in the end asked if we are "taking a last bite?" meaning he wanted us to finish eating. Were were hardly there 1 hour. It was a busy night and they let people in waiting, even it was clear they have no tables. People stood crowded over our heads. The server came and took our plates away, NOT asking if we are done. We were NOT done. The most disgusting experience I have ever had in my life. Clearly it came from the top management. Don't go there if you want to have good time, not even if you want to have a normal time.Not to mention that place is over priced, very noisy and food is average to say the least.
#REVIEW#Sorta caught them between lunch and dinner... we just stopped in for a couple cocktails which were excellent. The menu looked amazing but didn't have time to try
#REVIEW#Solid brunch spot. My friend and I stopped here for brunch after checking out to two places nearby with a crazy wait. We were seated immediately and our coffee was served within seconds.The ambiance is nice with huge windows that make the place so cozy and full of light. One con is that it's really loud. The waitstaff didn't rush us and let us linger to catch up and gave ample coffee refills!My quiche with greens was good though nothing entirely special or notable.   My friend got the hanger steak tacos and said again "good though nothing special."
#REVIEW#Somehow this place escaped my radar until recently, and after having dinner here, I definitely want to return soon for brunch. My boyfriend and I shared:+ Roasted Butternut squash bisque + Roasted acorn squash + Chicken + Flourless Chocolate cake The soup and squash were really good, and the chicken was exceptional. Kitchen split it for us, too. It was a ton of food and while the dessert was a bit of a letdown, overall I'd say it was a win.
#REVIEW#Market Table is an excellent little restaurant in the West Village that my wife and I visited during Christmas season with relatives. They had heard it was very good and wanted to try it out but I was a little unsure if I would like it due to the limited menu I saw online.No worries. The place is great. They do a few things and do them very well. We got there right at the first dinner seating of 5pm because we had an 8pm Broadway curtain to make but everything ran smoothly. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming so they can handle any requests you might have.We all started out with a special Christmas season cocktail they were featuring which had a spicy feel to it. I believe it was apple bourbon, ginger and some other things garnished with a blood orange. Very tasty and not too strong. Excellent job by the bar staff.The four of us ordered several appetizers to share including the Autumn Salad, the potato gnocchi and the iced hurricane island oysters. All of these were excellent, particularly the salad. It was served chilled, which is always a plus when considering salad as an option. The gnocchi having some sausage included as part of the dish was also a nice touch.For entrees I ordered the sangria hangar steak and my wife ordered the roasted striped sea bass. The sea bass was my second choice so I'm glad I got to taste it and it was very good. But I didn't really like the presentation. It basically looked like a large bowl of New England seafood chowder. Which is fine, but it was not what I expected. I think if I ordered it I would not have been filled up. But that's on me, not the restaurantI'm very glad I ordered the hangar steak. I requested it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked. Warm, red center and I couldn't believe how tender it was. Hangar steak can be tricky sometimes if it is either over or under cooked. Then it ends up being difficult to cut and chew. Not here.The meal was very filling so we passed on dessert but as we were wrapping up our friendly waitstaff let us know that the owners of Market Table had two cousin restaurants in the family that were close by: The Clam on Hudson St. and The Little Owl on Bedford St.Based on the outstanding performance of Market Table I'll be checking out the two sister restaurants on future visits to the West Village.
#REVIEW#Dinner at Market Table was simply put: lovely! The space is big and airy, with high ceilings and vast windows to the beautiful West Village outside. The seasonal menu includes a range of appetizers ranging from oysters to salads, all sorts of American meat/fish entrees, and seasonal vegetables. Market Table truly impressed me with their food. I had no expectations going in, but after tasting each dish, I was excited for the next one to come out. We started with the CHICKEN LIVER MOUSSE CROSTONE. Market Table did not skimp on the chicken liver - the thin slices of toasty bread were piled high with the smooth and savory mousse, topped with tart balsamic cherries and crispy cracklings. The cherries help cut through the richness of the chicken liver, which is expertly flavored. This is definitely a dish I would recommend and would order again. Next up was the ROASTED BUTTERNUT SQUASH BISQUE. This creamy bisque had all the flavors of fall blended into one warming bowl. The PAN CRISPED BELL & EVANS CHICKEN is what blew me away. I don't typically order chicken at a restaurant, but for some reason, we decided to order this. The chicken was cooked to utter perfection. It had a crisp exterior, with a succulent and juicy inside that needed no knife. The perfect chicken was served over a festively fall sweet potato salad and some bok choy, all in a decadent brown butter sauce that brought the dish home. If I ever order chicken at a restaurant again, I hope it can compare to this.The MARKET CARROTS were my least favorite order. The roasted rainbow carrots were over a spiced yogurt that I wish there was more off. The yogurt gave the dish it's flavor. The GRILLED BROCCOLINI was a tasty green side. The broccolini had some charred edges giving that perfectly burnt veggie flavor. They were given a mediterranean twist with crispy chickpeas and a tahini-honey drizzle. Overall, everything we ate was slightly unique and totally delicious. The food was warming for the heart and soul, all while being perfectly executed. I'm looking forward to a seasonal menu change so I can check out what new items they have to offer.
#REVIEW#The beautiful space and excellent service earns Market Table an easy five stars in my book. The food + value, unfortunately, not so much.I'm always on the lookout for restaurants with both vegan and non vegan options. If you read my reviews, I sound like a broken record, but my fiance is very much a non vegan and we do eat out a lot. We had tickets to a show at City Winery and I looked on Yelp for a spot that had vegan options, rather than a straight-up veg place. Market Table popped up. I can only imagine that it's because there ARE actually a number of vegetable sides, plus a cauliflower steak on the entree list. So when people are prompted that question on Yelp, they answer yes. It's just not reflective of what a vegan would actually want, say, if they are actually hungry. You know how there are people who swear they could never be vegan? Well, it's probably because they think that all we eat are tiny vegetable plates like the ones served here. Don't get me wrong, I love vegetables! I just expect more at a restaurant. And when I'm hungry, I want more than a small piece of cauliflower!So I ordered up a lovely Gamay plus the Zaatar Cauliflower. At $24 (for the cauliflower), I was not impressed nor satisfied. In short, it was nothing special. It was a smallish portion, which is totally OK if it had outstanding flavor, but I make Zaatar cauliflower at home all the time and it's pretty much the same thing here, save for a couple slivers of pistachio and a sparing amount of some kind of squash puree (plus the fine addition of some lovely greens. Would have just loved more of them!) My boyfriend got some kind of steak that was fine, but not 38 dollars fine. We both ate second dinners within a couple hours.I was so taken by the ambience and friendliness of the staff (the welcoming nature and appreciation when we left? Goes a loooong way), I'd likely return for a glass of wine. But... when you leave a place hungry after dropping 100 bucks for two people, it burns a bit.
#REVIEW#Food we ordered today was to die for! Everything was perfect!  Service was right on the spot no more no less.What I love the most was the CLEAN feeling after finishing my 1 beef taco and 1/4 chicken sandwich.  It was like getting out of pool after finishing a 2000 meters lap Swimming! So exhilarating! About the food portion: one more bite would be too much and one less bite would be too little.
#REVIEW#This is a cute little restaurant in West Village. I had come here for dinner and was seated right away. Inside it is very comfy and has a great vibe.The staff was super friendly and helpful and took good care of us. She gave excellent recommendations and was very attentive.The food was phenomenal! I got a fish sandwich and it was the best fish sandwich I have ever had in my life. It was very fresh and cooked perfectly! I could not have been happier. The fries were also amazing.My friends I was here with also loved their food. Not one of us could find something to complain about!This place can be busy on some nights, so try to make a reservation or come at a different hours! Worth waiting for a table though! Very good restaurant in a great area.
#REVIEW#Pretty eh meal. The service wasn't great (took a while to get a water) and not particularly friendly. The food itself was mediocre. -The avocado toast was the best. It was over nice toast and the cucumber was refreshing. The pistachio was also a nice touch-Beet salad: nothing special-Asparagus soup: not so good. Didn't really have anything going for it-Lamb: small portion of lamb and very fatty. The peas it was over didn't have any flavor.-The burger was pretty good, but tasted like a McDonald's burgerReally nothing special
#REVIEW#At 6PM on Saturday I called for a table for three. My friend was in town from Colombia and my wife and I were going to be in the neighborhood. At 6:30 my friend WhatsApp me that she's bringing a friend. I call back and the woman remembers me and says no problem. Four it is. We arrive at 8PM and my friend has two friends and a superapologetic face. The hostess doesn't blink. She grabs an empty chair and adds it to our table. We sat in the bar area next to the front door on a cold night. Sounds like a bad set up. Wasn't. Never noticed the door or patrons near the bar. All good. We ordered light - my salmon was the only full entree at the table - and then we split three amazing desserts. Wife checked the dessert menu FIRST so we knew we had to pace ourselves. We were not disappointed.
#REVIEW#My husband and I went here for dinner last night and it was wonderful. The inside is small and quaint, and feels very cozy. The service was excellent- the staff worked well as a team to ensure you're being well taken care of. The drinks came fast, the plates were cleared once we were finished with anything and above all, everyone was super-friendly. And the food. Wow. We ordered the Autumn Salad and Potato Gnocchi, as well as a few oysters for the appetizers. I ordered the Pan Crisp Bell & Evan Chicken with sweet potatoes, bok choy, and hazelnut brown butter as my entree. The chicken was perfectly crisp on the outside and super juicy inside. My husband ordered the Rosemary Colorado Lamb Shank with carrot risotto and kale. The dinner portions were huge and I can't believe we ordered dessert after all of that.... but we couldn't resist. We got a scoop of the espresso gelato and a scoop of the honey crisp apple sorbet. Really nice finish to the meal. That ice cold espresso gelato mixed with a piping hot double espresso was perfection.
#REVIEW#Relaxing ambiance and decor. Service was phenomenal! Our server was really friendly and honest with recommendations. Dishes are unique and fresh! I did enjoy my dinner and time here.
#REVIEW#My girlfriend and I come here every weekend and we love it! Excellent service, excellent atmosphere, delicious food. Weekend brunch is a must but lunch and dinner are equally fantastic! Highly recommend the waffle and the market breakfast!!
#REVIEW#I was strolling around the Soho area with my bestie, when we decided to stop to get a quick bite to eat and coffee. We were looking for a cute place that was somewhat quiet so we could hear each other speak. We happened upon Market Table, and I recognized the name from my Yelp search of recommended restaurants in the area. It was a pretty slow day there so we were able to walk right in and get a great spot. I settled on the breakfast quiche and a cup of coffee. My bestie was on a diet so black coffee was his breakfast. The prices were definitely high, but the quiche was amazing. It came with a side salad-because life is all about balance. The coffee was great, the service was great, and the environment was super cute. I'm interested to see what the night life would be there. I would definitely return to this cute little swanky place next time I'm in the Soho area. Located on Carmine street, where there are a ton of great restaurants-this was definitely a stand out to me!
#REVIEW#My friend and I originally planned to have brunch at another restaurant but the wait time was about 45 minutes in this chilly winter weather. We decided to walk to another restaurant which was close by and this caught our eye because (a) it wasn't completely devoid of people, (b) there were seats and (c) the wait time was 0 minutes. And the reviews here are fairly decent so why not? We were originally seated at a tall table but the wait staff said we could change once they cleaned up which was awesome! The wait staff was also courteous since I had indecision on food and drinks and gave us plenty of time to decide. They also came back regularly to see if we were ready to order yet which was great. I was worried I'd have to flag them down with my weird hand waving gestures. My friend had the cappuccino while I had the hot cocoa. The hot cocoa was good (made with mexican chocolate and something else). I am not particularly used to having my hot chocolate with some kind of spice so I had to get used to the taste. But once I started sipping more, I couldn't stop until it was all finished.Food wise, I loved my plate of enchiladas. I guess I wish it was a bit more spicy but overall, it was delicious. I saw only 2 and worried over not being full but it was the right amount ~ :) . Overall, I am very satisfied with the service and food here. Would come back again.
#REVIEW#the place was packed they accommodated us by sitting us at the bar and the bartender Daniel served us He made our breakfast more pleasant than the food my breakfast was delicious Side order of avocado toast my wife had the pancakes very happy we stopped
#REVIEW#Overall I had such a nice experience at this restaurant. We didn't have a reservation but they assured us it would not be long for a table. The bar tender, waitstaff, food runners, everyone, was so friendly and helpful. I'll be back for sure :)
