#NAME#Joe's Shanghai
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/joes-shanghai-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#shanghainese,seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#So never in my life have I heard of Pork Soup Dumplings, but man am I glad I came into Joe's Shanghai!  These things were incredible!  I also had the combo fried rice and it was also very impressive!  So, something that I love about places like this, and NY in general, is that a lot of seating is "community" seating.  I love being seated at a table full of strangers and meeting new people.  But, something that bugs me about a lot of restaurants in NY is that they take only cash.  In this day and age of Apple Pay and such, who carries cash???  But what do I know?  When you have a constant 45 minute to an hour wait outside your door, guess you can pretty much do as you want...  Other than that, truly great experience!
#REVIEW#I visited Joe's Shanghai on my second night in the city and was super excited because I had heard good things. We arrived and were hit with that "cash only" rule which was like :/ but luckily we had cash on us so we were able to stay. We sat down and ordered a bunch of things!To start we received​ a jasmine tea which was nice  We started with the pork&crab soup dumplings. Let me tell you... THESE WERE THE BEST! I was so impressed with the flavors and the textures, It was like a ball of heaven. After that, I definitely​ had some higher standards for this place.We ordered the Szechuan​  beef which was one of the grossest things I have ever seen. It was soupy and definitely​ not what I expected. Next was the general tso chicken which was good but not above averageThe fried rice and lo mein were​ also good but a little below average in my opinion. I will be back here for the soup dumplings but not really for the other things. If you feel passionate about soup dumplings like myself, I definitely​ recommend​ this place.
#REVIEW#The only thing that separates Joe's from other Chinese restaurants are their crab soup dumplings, so if you're coming here, you better get them, because they're that good.I've been to the Flushing restaurant before where they really highlight their XLB, and was a bit confused coming to this place when I had to scour the menu to find them (they're under appetizers).  It didn't matter in the end as we ordered one each of the crab and pork soup dumplings.  Unless you really want to try the pork ones, I'd say just go for the crab, as they're so much more flavorful and unique.  The pork ones weren't bad, but they were nothing too special--especially compared to the crab ones.Between the two of us, two orders of soup dumplings and a plate of string beans was the perfect amount for lunch.  Like with most Chinese restaurants, some of the menu items can be hit or miss, so just be aware that not everything may be as good as the XLB.The place was pretty crowded for lunch on a weekday, but I swear Chinese restaurants have a hidden spell for getting any sized party to fit at a table no matter how busy they are, so you probably can get a table fairly quickly.  Overall, it's your standard Chinese restaurant that excels at their soup dumplings, but nothing else was that note worthy.
#REVIEW#Came here in search of soup dumplings and we were not let down! By far the best soup dumplings I have ever had! I already know I will have to come back here each time I am in NYC now! An absolute must! We ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings, which were delicious to say the least. It was hard to choose since everything sounded so good. We also enjoyed the shrimp fried rice and the fried spring rolls, which also had shrimp. This place is cash only and will seat you family style if your party is small. I came with just one friend and we were seated at a 6 person table with other people. We came around 4pm on a Thursday and it was about half full. I can already tell this place gets packed when it's closer to the regular meal times. Service was fast and the food was fresh and authentic. Still dreaming about these dumplings!!
#REVIEW#Get the soup dumplings and get lots of them!  My share of our dinner summed to 6 soup dumplings and I probably could have eaten more.  The other dishes are a bit hit or miss.  I'd even say there is no shame in only getting soup dumplings!!!Scallion Pancakes: Tasted freshly made in-house.  Some places seem to get the pre-made stuff.  Crispy all around.  The sweet soy sauce dip and hot sauce (on the side) helped cut the richness.Pork Meat Soup Dumplings: Probably the best I've had and I've had a lot!  There is just so much soup in these babies.  You can tell when you suck them dry and there is tons of floppy skin left.  I appreciate that the top dough is a bit thick, allowing for extraction from the bamboo steamer without leakage. Though I do prefer using chopsticks rather than the metal tongs, since the pointy edges can also puncture it.Pan Fried Crispy Noodle w/ Beef: The few bites of crispy noodles along side soggy noodles were great.  Ample amount of tender beef, tons of veggies and a thick sauce. However, I wasn't a fan of the presentation.  It came out with gravy spread all around, leaving very few crispy edges.  I like when places pour it on at your table and focus on creating only a tiny pile in the middle.Crispy Pork Chop with Pepper Salt: Kinda disappointing.  The pork chop bits were really tough.  Also, random bone and gristle made for unpleasant surprises when eating, since it's hard to see beneath the deep fried coating.  Worth passing by next time.
#REVIEW#Hand's down the best xiao long baos I've ever had! The XLBs are huge, definitely not like those dainty ones from Din Tai Fung. The soup inside is flavorful and piping hot -- be careful and try not to burn yourself! The scallion pancake is also highly recommended. This was one of the cheaper meals we had in NYC, probably because it's located in the chinatown area. Beware, this casual restaurant gets super crowded. Sharing a table with strangers is a normal thing here, so get comfy! Or you can wait hours/ years (exaggerating) for your own table to open up. The servers really try to get you in and out -- don't feel offended, that's just how things roll here! Plus it adds to the fast and efficient service. SOLID 5/5. Can't wait to come back!
#REVIEW#Truly amazing! Joe's is located on a small street in Chinatown. We arrived a little after 5 PM and there was already a 25 minute wait. That's when you know the place is good! Joe's looks like your typical Chinatown restaurant. There isn't anything special about the interior, but the emphasis is placed on the quality of their food. Note: they only take cash![ Pork Soup Dumplings ] Our group of four ordered four sets of soup dumplings. Each set is served in a dim sum box and comes with 8 soup dumplings. The soup dumplings were bigger than I expected and they spill over the soup spoon. The skin of thick but easy to break apart and the flavor of the soup is deliciously rich. My friend taught me her technique! First, you bite a hole into the soup dumpling and drain the soup into the spoon. Then you dip the rest of the dumpling into the provided vinegar and chase it all down with the soup. [ Scallion Pancakes ] Very crispy and oily! These served as great "sponges" to soak up any soup that spilled from the soup dumplings.
#REVIEW#Still my favorite dumpling restaurant! The soup dumplings are huge! They barely fit in my spoon! The meat and the soup have so much good flavor it's hard to compare to other establishments! I've been here once before but man I'm so happy I was able to try this again! It was so good, we almost came again! I believe they have several locations but this one in Chinatown has to be the best. It's true, if you have a small party, they will seat you at a family style table in order to move guests in and out as fast as possible. It's not too bad if you just want to enjoy your food and go. I noticed there were many solo guests who didn't mind the round table company. The service was great! We were in and out of there within 45 minutes it seems.
#REVIEW#Those soup dumplings  are in my top 20 favorite things I've ever put in my mouth.  That's coming from a non meat /non pork - high vegetable mostly raw vegan southwestern freakzoid that talks much shit about mysteriously sourced food.  I wholesomely love those dumplings with every cell of my body.  I want to be the soup dumplings.  I must become them again.   I waited forty minutes to be seated as a single diner to a communal round table deep in the back of the restaurant.  I was crammed in with all the other non Chinese people.  I didn't care about any of that.  None of it bothered me, the service was whatever.  Those dumplings were all I wanted and needed in that time and I didn't know it till I had them. Juicy, popping delicious explosiveness happened inside me.  I ordered more food but those soup dumplings were all I need.  Those dumplings are all I need.  I want your dumplings Joe!  I need them.  Ah!
#REVIEW#Review is only for the not so xiao, xiao long baos! Really though these are some of the hugest xlb dumplings I've ever had and coming from California I've been to tons of Chinese restaurants in my lifetime.The pork ones are pretty good but the pork/crab ones are soooooo juicy and delicious. Highly recommend springing for the crab ones because they're wayyy more flavorful and they actually do put a good amount of crab. They add some yummy steamed shredded cabbage which is nice because most places don't give anything with their baos.I liked the crab pork dumplings so much I came back two more times in my one week in NY. Nothing else on the menu really impressed me in addition to the fact the prices for everything else seemed too high.Still will keep coming back and doing my takeout bao orders when I'm in NY.
#REVIEW#Joe's Shanghai is the place to go in Chinatown. It's cheap, it's delicious, and they have a menu that's expansive enough that everybody in your party will be happy. I've been here many times, and my go-to is the soup dumplings.The most important thing to know is that you should be prepared for a pretty long wait if you're here for dinner time. For a table for two, and it was not even the most crowded I've seen it, I had about a 25 minute wait. When we were able to be seated, we shared a table with 4 other people... Which was kind of tight, but I can't fault the place for being popular.On the walls around the restaurant, there are photos of every celebrity you can think of with the owner. It's dim, it's cozy, its surprisingly quiet for a place that is standing room only. The food came out surprisingly quickly for a place that was this packed- and the food was good. I only come here every so often because of the weight, but I've never regretted the wait.
#REVIEW#The restaurant is a very busy one, with a size being small as well. So keep in mind that you'll be waiting. They have small tables and also large tables. We had a party of 8 so it was quite a while. They seat people as soon as a party leaves but it varies by size, not by the order you placed your name. We waited for a little over an hour and got seated at a large table but it was community style. The other half of the table was with strangers but I personally liked it because food brings all types of people together. *truth* you obv don't have to talk to them if you don't want to. What's great about eating at an Asian restaurant is that there is a dish for everyone. So, I am pescatarian, so I eat seafood but not any traditional meats like red and chicken. So I ordered a shrimp noodles dish. There was broccoli and other vegetables but the noodles come hard. And you have to mix the shrimp and veggies together with the sauce to make the noodles not as hard. But it was honestly one of the better dishes, even the meat eaters agreed. I didn't get to try other Chinese restaurants in the area because we didn't have a whole lot of time in New York, but I would def recommend this spot!
#REVIEW#Only came here to try the xiao long bao and it was certainly quite the experience! The gf and I came before the lunch rush and was able to get seated at a shared table (two gentlemen sat across from us). We were not too hungry and only wanted to share an entree and decided to go with the XLB as it is highly rated on yelp. We also received complimentary tea and about 10 minutes after ordering received our freshly steamed XLB. The skin is not as thin as Din Tai Fung but it certainly helped hold all the dumpling juice inside. There was so much soup that the XLB would droop down from the weight! The meat was tasty enough as well and for about $10 I definitely felt it was worth the price. Overall, the service was quick and I was fortunate that the staff didn't give me a hard time for only sharing one entree or requiring a minimum per person. Highly recommend visiting this restaurant and would definitely consider ordering more if I had a larger group!
#REVIEW#This place is typically packed so while we got to Chinatown, our group went to put our names down for a table. After we got our name in, we opted to go have our "meal" at a nearby noodle shop. After we had some noodles, we returned to Joe's.Joe's is a fairly small restaurant with not too much seating. We came here with only one thing in mind; soup dumplings!  We ended up ordering some scallion pancakes as well.The soup dumplings have by far been my favorite. We had an order of the pork dumplings, and the crab ones. They were both delicious, but the crab one was my favorite.The scallion pancakes were probably the best I've had! I can't wait to come here and try out other food options; the menu looked wonderful.
#REVIEW#Honestly think this place is a tourist trap. Sure their XLBs look plump, but the meat seems very mushy and the sauce is very thick and oily. Luckily, there was no wait when I got there on a weekday for lunch, but I wouldn't waste my time waiting to try their XLBs. My stomach felt funny afterwards - probably from the oil. Granted I haven't tried any of their other dishes, but XLBs here are overhyped.
#REVIEW#A longtime favorite! Come here for the soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes, and all the Shanghainese delicacies -- sautéed flat noodles, soya duck, and the like. The crab XLB are the best -- especially when paired with the vinegar served. Everything else is up there as well, I like ordering a side of mixed greens to balance out all the sodium from the other dishes. Prices are a bit higher for Chinatown but well worth it. Bring cash -- cash only!
#REVIEW#This place is cash only, make sure to stop by an ATM first. Joe's Shanghai is known for its soup dumplings, and it is worth the wait in line. I have been coming here for years, and their quality is consistent. Soup dumplings are exactly what they sound like, dumplings filled with soup. They offer pork soup dumplings and another option, which is crab and pork. Both are amazing and a few tips for eating them for new comers:1) Pick up the dumpling with care and put it on your soup spoon.2) Do not just bite into the dumpling; the soup will squirt everywhere!3) Poke a hole into the dumpling and empty the soup onto your soup spoon, drink it after.4) Eat the dumpling as normal.Do not be afraid to put hot pepper on and some sauce on your dumpling, adjust to your taste. The overall flavor is savory with a little bit of sour. Love it. I usually get a scallion pancake to soak up any leftover soup. If I'm with a group, I also tend to get the beef with string beans. The string beans here are always much crispier than those I have from other Chinese restaurants. Do not be afraid to ask for water; you will get tea when you sit down.Gratuity is added on the bill, do not worry about tipping unless you want to.
#REVIEW#I've been hearing people talk this place up for awhile now so I was glad to finally swing by!Party of two on Saturday at 11am, no wait, they'll seat you at a large table them fill it with other patrons as they stroll in.We ordered their crab and pork xlb and their pork xlb. Crab and pork was the better of the two, mainly cuz the meat had a nicer, juicier texture to it. Otherwise these are huge in size, they're overflowing your soup spoon! Tons of soup in every one too!Make sure to bring cash as they dont take card, and make sure to come hungry.
#REVIEW#Joe's Shanghai is fantastic. The soup dumplings are heaven sent. The dumpling itself isn't heavy and it's perfectly filled to give you an incredible bite ratio of dumpling to filling. Get both types of soup dumplings. I personally love the crab and pork ones the best but the pork ones are also delish! When I come here, I just order these with scallion pancakes and I'm happy. I think most complaints of this restaurant are probably due to the wait BUT the wait is worth it! I went on a Sunday afternoon, party of 3 and we waited 20 minutes, which is short. We were once immediately seated on Monday evening around 7:15pm for 2. Patience is indeed a virtue. If it's your first time, it is a bit overwhelming because when you're seated you're typically with strangers and everything and everyone is so busy shuffling about. But hang in there. Get your head in the game and order the right thing for you, not the thing everyone else has. (The right thing is the dumplings) the staff are not the friendliest people either. BRING CASH but they do have an ATM. yes, they have a bathroom. I've also had their general tso chicken, crispy noodles, fried fish, rice. All of it is great but dumplings win my heart. You will not be disappointed by the food.
#REVIEW#After hearing my family rave about this place I finally got to try it. It's a hole in the wall kind of place. This place is starting to gain traction because there's a lot of celebrities eating here. I want to say that their soup dumplings are the reason why they are coming but I looked at some peoples table and there's no soup dumplings. Do remember if you're coming here it's cash only. I came for the soup dumplings. I'd only order soup dumplings here and maybe every now and then chive pancakes. They serve two types of soup dumpling. The classic pork soup dumpling and a crab soup dumpling. I like the crab soup dumpling a lot more than the pork. The crab soup dumplings has the classic pork with some crab and fatty part of the crab. I totally recommend this place for that.
