#NAME#Russ & Daughters Cafe
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/russ-and-daughters-cafe-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bagels,coffee,delis#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Best breakfast hands down. Ordered the cold smoke, the classic board, pickled herring trio, and the whitefish croquets. All were perfect. I can't find the words to describe how amazing these dishes are. You just have to go an taste it.
#REVIEW#One star is for the service not the food. We went in at around 5pm on a Sunday with 4 adults, a kid and a toddler. Was seated by the rude hostess within 10 minutes. First I thought it's NYC and I totally get why service industry people are cold as being on your feet for your full shift with streams of people coming in is not easy. Russ and Daughters is somewhat of a NYC landmark and obviously tourists are here all the time with regulars. However, when I saw her pour her smile onto the next few customers coming in, I realized that she just didn't like the face of us and was just plain right rude. The 10 minutes we were there, my husband had the dare to ask her for a glass of water for our toddler and was told " you can ask the  bartender yourself" in one of the most rudest tone I have ever heard. The first server who took our order seemed to be under the notion he was doing us a huge favour. And  forgot 2 of our items with this same attitude. Thankfully things looked up when someone else took our table and we were served like a pro. We enjoyed the food. Yes it is expensive - we were paid almost 200 for 4 plates of fish and bagel, 2 soups, 2 starters and a few drinks. I like their menu and would obviously like to come and eat here next time I visit NYC but if you are from the west coast and are Canadian get ready to get one of the most rude services ever. In here it's ok to be selective and be nice to friends in front of people who you have been rude to a few minutes ago.
#REVIEW#Food: 4/5Stopped by for dinner with a friend. We ordered the chopped salad, the mixed green salad with salmon and a side of smoked salmon. The mixed green salad came with a house vinaigrette and it was delicious! It had a very generous portion of salmon and capers! My friend enjoyed the chopped salad as well. The side of smoked salmon was very savory and not too salty. Four slices for $11. Service: 5/5Our waitress was a delight. She recommended my salad and I was very satisfied. She was courteous, sweet and accommodating. Ambiance: 4/5Very cute and charming little place in the lower east side. There's a bar in the front and seating throughout the back. Had a charming bistro/cafe feel. Seemed like a great place for brunch. Overall: 4/5Great place to grab a bite. If you're craving lox or caviar, this place is the place to go!
#REVIEW#Easily one of my FAVORITE places in NYC. We arrived at 2pm on Saturday and the wait was an hour for 2 people. The waiter was informative and polite. The interior was very cute. - Smoked whitefish chowder soup: They were able to split it into two bowls for sharing which is appreciated. The soup had the most perfect creamy consistency. It was slightly sweet which went well with the salty smoked whitefish. There were plenty of bite sized vegetables. I do wish they offered more fish.- Shtetl (smoked sable) platter: This was life changing! Do yourself a favor and try it instead of getting the usual lox. The sable was SO delicious and buttery. Paired with goat cream cheese, tomato, onion and capers on top of toasted sesame bagel....it's one of the best things I've had not kidding.I CANNOT WAIT TO COME BACK AND TRY THE REST OF THE MENU!!!
#REVIEW#I can't stop thinking about the amazing meal I had at Russ and Daughters. I came with 3 other friends and we split the Ida platter. It was worth every penny. The platter comes with free refills of everything except the fish, which was good because we ended up needing refills on everything because it was all so tasty. We each ate easily 2-3 bagels. The bagels were perfectly toasted and chewy in the center, yet surprisingly light. The cream cheese was flavorful and light. Their dill pickles were crispy. The fish was all amazing, with my favorite being the pastrami cured salmon.We arrived around 10AM on a Friday, and ended up waiting approximately 45 minutes. Every minute was well worth it.
#REVIEW#The fact that I've yet to review Russ & Daughters Cafe is appalling. Shame on me!Simply put, though this annex doesn't have the history of the small Houston outpost, it was a legend the moment they broke ground. The grocer comes to life in the form of a full-fledged restaurant that's as important to the fiber of Lower East Side as any cultural powerhouse that's made the neighborhood famous throughout the world. Whether it's breakfast, lunch, or an early dinner--this IS New York.I find myself there mid-morning most often, and you're going to have to wait if you time your visit even slightly incorrectly. Once you're there, grab a board with any number of different seafood items, and don't sleep on the breads. The bagels get the most love, but the pumpernickel is a standout as well.  Also, the whitefish chowder is the perfect accompaniment for cold days in the city.
#REVIEW#Loveeeeeeeeee!! The wait is ridiculous but I recommend you put down your name, walk the streets of East Village until you get that text that your table is ready -- Trust me, it's worth the wait. It's super packed but the food is delicious.What to order? Cream soda to drink. Salmon platter with an everything bagel.The salmon was perfection. The decor was so retro vintage, I loved it. The service was great, the staff was friendly. I can't wait to go back to NYC to visit them again.
#REVIEW#Love this place! Nestled in the heart of LES, you can find all your favorite Jewish food that bubbie used to make. The novas are so fresh and flavorful and bagels are just the right texture. The blintzes were my favorite!
#REVIEW#2nd favorite thing I ate in NY was the Classic Board. (Most fave was the cookie at Levain!) But had to come here twice in one trip bc it was that good!! This place felt really homey, comfortable and familiar to me (although it was my first time in NY). Prompt, kind service and good eats. Couldn't ask for much more.
#REVIEW#This place was awesome! We had 3 people on our party and we decided to go with one of the platters. It's a great way to try the different smoked fish varieties. This was also my first time trying sable and sturgeon and I have to say it won't be my last. The board is great way to set this dish up since it allows you to portion everything how you would like. I find that lox bagels all too often are always to eat and sometimes very dry or nice versa. The additional pickled veggies and bread were also delicious and interesting. I paired the meal with a glass of champagne and it was light and refreshing for an early afternoon brunch. Will definitely make this a stop on any future trip to New York.
#REVIEW#I was planning my trip to New York and was all over Insider looking for the best places to eat and this restaurant popped up as the best smoked salmon bagel in NYC, so I knew this place had to be on my itinerary. I'm not from New York but I think this place is located in the Lower East Side. I had a bunch of stuff planned throughout the day, so this ended up being a dinner "take-out" type of deal, but it was still worth it. Upon walking in, I realized that this place is an actual restaurant and not your regular bagel shop. I had no idea that they also sold a bunch of other stuff, in my mind I thought it was strictly bagels. I asked the host what she recommends, and she automatically said "The Classic". It's basically a whatever type bagel you want, with smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomato, onion and capers. I had it with the everything bagel but had to have it to go, so I couldn't really sit down and I can't really review the service other than the hostess was super professional and helpful. When I got back and settled down, I finally got to try it and I was blown away by how good this tastes! It's absolutely delicious. The salmon was so fresh, the cream cheese was the perfect compliment and the capers gave it a perfect crunch! This is definitely a must try, even if it's an 18$ bagel.
#REVIEW#This is definitely a place to go to in NY for lox.I had the lox bagel plate, the borscht and matzo ball soup, the kippered salmon salad and the knisch.I really enjoyed it!! The salmons, both the kippered and the lox, were the best part of the meal, so make sure to load up on salmon and other fishes when you come here.The lox was glistening, it was so fresh and the flavor was so delicious. The kippered salmon was perfectly baked and had a very nice slightly pickled taste. I really enjoyed the dill and capers that were very present in the salad...very fresh!The ambiance is very nice too. Dimly lit at dinner time and not too crowded because who goes for bagel and lox for dinner??
#REVIEW#Smoked herring wasn't too salty, matzo ball soup was clean and yummy, latkes were well portioned. Everything was delicious but nothing particularly memorable.Came here on a rainy day and didnt have to wait at all. Service wasnt the best, but food came out quickly and it was easy to flag down a server for whatever we needed.
#REVIEW#I waited two hours with my boyfriend to eat at Russ and daughters, and it was worth it! We put our name on the list and explored the neighborhood, checked out a dope coffee shop, and even popped over to Soho for some shopping before we made it to our lunch time. The loxboard is soooo incredibly delicious and totally satisfying. Bloody Mary is crack on as well! Highly recommend a soda if you have the appetite for it to. Well done, Russ and daughters, well done. The cafe is also adorable (HUGELY instagrammable) and the waitstaff is very kind! Wonderful service and wonderful meal!
#REVIEW#Obligatory NYC stop! But also one of the most delicious! Boyfriend ordered the matzo ball soup and then we shared the smoked sable open faced bagel! So much yum on one platter! Definitely would recommend to anyone visiting NYC, wanting to sit down instead of waiting in line at the original Russ and Daughters!
#REVIEW#This is my happy place! Nothing beats the Classic board at Russ & Daughters. Hands down the best bagel and lox in the city. This is my second visit here and it did not disappoint. Salmon is super fresh and the bagels are delicious. The atmosphere of this place is great; reminds me of an old school upscale diner. Good service, great food, and free refills on coffee. My favorite place in the city to get breakfast. Make sure to get here early to avoid a long wait.
#REVIEW#The omelette was cooked just right. No brown spots on it just as it's supposed to be. Perfectly cooked. The mushroom goat cheese inside was delicious. And the shissel rye was delicious. More flavor than rye I have had ever. A must visit place especially if you like traditional Jewish food.
#REVIEW#I've been to the bagel shop (for lack of better terms) of Russ and Daughters one too many times. How can you not get the classic lox bagel for breakfast when you're in the area? Anyways, Russ and Daughters Cafe is a cozy place a couple blocks away that has a seating area while the "deli" does not. They also have a much more expansive menu, but me being me, I stuck with the bagel and lox and shared a platter of potato latkes with a friend. Luckily there is a more than adequate amount of everything, especially that delicious melt in your mouth lox- it's literally amazing. I'm not sure if it's from ACME or somewhere else but you got to try it if you like smoked fish. Since there's a lot going on, definitely eat each half of the bagel individually or else it'll spill out (as a witness of my friend's bagel lol). In regards to the potato latkes, they were definitely filling and super crispy as well. I'm not a fan of applesauce but that's why there's sour cream. I can definitely see myself coming back and will hopefully try the babka french toast as well.
#REVIEW#I tried a bagel with smoked salmon in it. The smoked salmon pieces were really good. I usually don't eat cream cheese but it went well with the salmon. Unfortunately I'm just not a bagel person as bagels are too dense and hard for my taste.It's quite pricey here, I spent a good $18 for my bagel.We also tried the black and white cookie and that was really good! It was lemon-y and the chocolate was flavorful. The cookie was pricey too. $4 for one cookie!!!! It was like the size of my palm.This place served a lot of different sweets as well and they all looked good. They serve by the pound.You can also purchase their cream cheese and their smoked salmons by the pound as well
#REVIEW#There's a reason we had to jump into a 2 hour waiting line to get a table here on a Sunday afternoon! The food was fantastic. As a southerner, i'm not extremely well versed in Jewish or more specifically Eastern European cuisine, but the soup, pudding, french toast and eggs benny from this place took me down a unique road of flavors! Must try when in nyc!
