#NAME#Joe's Pizza
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/joes-pizza-new-york-7?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#I've had my fair share of pizza in my time, but Joe's Pizza has, without a doubt, been my favorite pizzeria. Now, I'd classify spots like Joe's in a different bucket vs. a spot like DiFarra because you're comparing a per-slice pizzeria vs a pie-only pizzeria. Two different sets of customers in my opinion. For per-slice pizzerias, I haven't come across a spot that beat's Joe's marinara sauce. It has an amazing sweetness to it, coupled with the light tanginess from the tomatoes. Although it's not fired in a coal oven, the pizza is cooked to perfection. Whether it be a plain slice, or combo, you won't leave disappointed. One thing that I'd note is that with the combo slices, the plethora of toppings does diminish the taste of the marinara a bit.Now of all the Joe's locations in the city, this one has to be my favorite. Although it's a little far from a subway line (excluding the L), this place never has a line. At Times Square and the Village, you'll likely be waiting outside due to all the tourists. However, here, it's mainly locals and NYU students, so this place is always a safe bet.
#REVIEW#Joe's Pizza is a New York classic that we just had to try! I see the stores everywhere around the city and they have a pretty recognizable brand. Red! The stores aren't too big so most people take their orders to-go. We went around dinner time on a Friday and the line went out the door. I found that the experience of ordering from Joe's is very similar to that of Artichoke's Pizza. You select your pizza, all of which are displayed behind a glass, and they heat up the pizza in an oven. [ Caprese Pizza ] The mozzarella cheese looked amazing so I ordered this pizza. Overall the texture and the flavor of the pizza was great but the fresh tomatoes were so juicy that they kept dripping everywhere. A messy but delicious pizza! [ White Pizza ] I didn't like this one as much. The cheese was dry and hardened, which I believe was intentional. It may be a personal preference that I prefer soft, melted cheeses on my pizza.
#REVIEW#Joe's pizza is the best of classic New York style pizza you can get. It's very thin, but the crust is so chewy because of their dough. Even if you get the plain cheese pizza with the red sauce, which is one of my favorites, it's so cheesy and flavorful. One of my other favorite is white pizza which is a bit creamy. You can literally bite into the small bits of cheese on the pizza and it's amazing! If you are visiting NYC and want to experience the classic New York style pizza in its best form, definitely visit Joe's pizza. You won't regret it!
#REVIEW#A great place to pick up a slice of pizza after a night out. I stopped in and was able to get a slice of pizza right away. I ordered the $3 cheese slice which was pretty good. I always love a thin crust pizza. The cheese was low moisture and melty and full of cheesy goodness.
#REVIEW#Such a great spot to pick a good pizza slice to go! I really loved the cheese and pepperoni ones! The people working there is so fun and so fast at the same time, so don't worry about the big line you could see outside! If Kim Kardashian also eats their pies there's a reason why!
#REVIEW#Joe's Pizza is an iconic hole in the wall establishment that needs to be on  your must visit list when visiting the city. We visited the Carmine Street location at the perfect time (4 pm) on a Friday afternoon for a pre show snack. Food: Not a huge menu, a handful of topping combinations and several bottle/canned beverages but it was still one of our favorite meals on this latest visit to Manhattan. The pizza was amazing with a perfectly crisp thin crust with just the right amount of sauce and cheese. Not greasy or heavy, it's easy to put down a few slices in no time. We also tried the Sicilian square which was a thick, chewy version where the crust was more like french bread and very tasty.Service: Step up to the counter, order your slice(s), step to left to pay, wait for them to serve up your order in a few minutes. The staff behind the counter were very friendly and helpful, I guess I'd be happy too if I was surrounded by all that deliciousness! Atmosphere: Perfect NY Pizza place with a limited seating inside the small restaurant. Classic no frills place but great for people watching if you sit at the counter facing the street. Value: Coming in right around $3 per slice it's hard to get a better value versus quality pizza anywhere. I realize there are cheaper (.99) pizza slices but Joe's slice is worth every penny!Overall: Best pizza we've had in a long time, maybe ever! This will be on our repeat visit list for our future adventures to NYC!
#REVIEW#Joe's Pizza. Friday night. A quick moving line put a plain cheese slice in my hands quickly.Dough--Thin and serviceable. No deep yeasty flavor, but distinguished by some excellent charring on the bottom and a crisp bite. Cheese--Nice tasting low moisture mozzarella. Carmelization on the cheese. Desirable amount of saltiness and grease. Sauce--Not much of it, but decent cheese to sauce ratio. Some pockets of pulpiness, which I love. A good slice made for oregano and hot pepper flakes.
#REVIEW#Such a classic pizza spot! We walked in late on a Tuesday night and it was packed but we got a slice within 2 minutes anyway. It was $3 for a slice and from what we've heard this is THE spot to go for a classic New York slice, we were not disappointed. The staff were also super friendly and helpful. I'm sad I only got one slice, next time I'd get more than one.
#REVIEW#If you're looking for THE OG NY pie, Joe's is your spot. Don't get too fancy with it here, this is a place for a plain pie maybe with a topping or two. They execute this flawlessly. It's not a big place, you'll probably have a tough time snagging a table, so order ahead (full pie. Trust me.) and find somewhere to snack nearby. It's super old school inside, so you know it's legit. There's a reason they've been an NYC institution for 40+ years. When you head to NYC and are looking for that classic NY slice experience, this is one of my favorite places to go.Bonus: open until 430-5am :-)
#REVIEW#I know this is nyc's thing but I wish Chicago had pizza shops like this - quick, cheap pizza by the big slice. It screams convenience but not sacrificing quality.
#REVIEW#Wowwww. It's been 4 days and I'm still thinking about that pizza. Where have I been all my life!! This is slightly embarrassing but I've lived in NY for 25 years and I just had Joe's for the first time on Saturday. But I can also say... I've lived in NY for 25 years and can be really picky about my pizza. The pizza here meets & exceeds all expectations of a quintessential NY slice. We got the fresh mozz, pepperoni and white slice w/ spinach - all PERFECT. Perfectly thin, crispy and tasty. The white one had such a delicious garlic flavor to it ugggghhhhh just take me back already!* Edit: Just returned last night and had the white w/ spinach again as well as the caprese. Still 10/10 perfection.
#REVIEW#Do you like thin crust pizza? Do you mind standing while you eat? Do you enjoy places that have been around for a long time for a reason?Joe's is the bomb. Quick grab and go "hole in the wall" with the perfect ratio of cheese, sauce and bread.Outstanding pizza.They're open until 4:30am. 'Nuff said.
#REVIEW#Best plain slice in NYC! Can't be compared to other types of slices like Sicilian pies or anything. I'm rating this based on the plain triangle slice of pizza. Not too greasy. Just the right amount of sauce and cheese. Semolina crust just how ma fathaaaa taught me when I was just a banbinooo (Italian voice). They have a few locations but I love the one on 14th & 3rd. The counter guys yell at everyone when it's busy but they still smile and give me a wink. Maybe they think I'm pretty and I'm cool with that. Tip- the have the BEST garlic salt. It's not too strong. Not too thickly granulated. Slabber it on and you'll see.....
#REVIEW#Best drunk food ever, as it's located on 14th and 3th, right next to the Trader Joe's. Perfect pit stop while you are stumbling from the bars in East Village to the subway. Delicious pizza with a perfect crunch.The line moves quickly - you can buy by the slice ($3-4 per) that's ready to be heated and served. Or you can make your own fresh pie for $22+.We ordered a pepperoni pie for $25. While it was freshly made, it took 30 min to come out. I honestly think they just forgot to make our pie because I saw others who ordered pepperoni pies after us get their pies before us.The place is super cute, with various photos of celebrities that have visited throughout the years like Jimmy Fallon the the Kardashians. This place was also the pizza place featured in Spiderman!
#REVIEW#Joe's pizza definitely hit all the right checklist for a delicious slice of pizza in a busy city like NYC. Caprese pizza ($ 4.75) - the dough was thinly made. Each bite had a nice crunch to it. The ingredients on the pizza was freshly made. I'm not a huge fan of cheese but I love the combination of tomatoes and fresh morzarella cheese. Overall , I was suprised the pizza didnt feel heavy in the stomach at all. I can definitely have another one !  Despite the place being super busy- the service was fast and quick. This place is more of a order & go place. It's quite small so be prepared you might get limited personal space. For us , we end up standing at a spot to eat. I really like the photos posted throughout the store. I had fun looking at pictures of celebrities! Nice way to spend some time while you are waiting for your pizza!I would totally recommend this place on your bucketlist if you are visiting the city !!! :) P.S. There are no washrooms in this restaurant. Make sure you map out where the closest washroom you can find after .
#REVIEW#$3 for a plain slice? Pass.   The pizza wasn't bad, and the guys working behind the counter were nice and the place was clean.  But I have had better slices in and around the city for less.
#REVIEW#I was looking for authentic New York pizza and got it! Friendly counter staff and just enough room to prop up in the window with a good book and a couple of slices.
#REVIEW#This local chain, hyped by its appearance in spider man 2, is some of the best New York style slice you can get for a good value.This 14th St Location can feel peaceful early in the day, but you'll get a line at night.What I love about the 14rh St Location is that is more chill and feels like less of a scene than the location on Carmine St.Another huge plus is this this location offers a wider selection of toppings, while the other location only offers cheese and pepperoni this one had a shocking 6-8 different options including a white pie (kind of rare to find these days), spinach, margarita, and my choice - pepperoni, sausage and vegetables.   The crust has char, which goes back to the original Napoli owner of this place.   The crust is spot on, toppings are good and for $4.50 on a top self slice, you really can't beat the value for the quality.  This place is in my top 3 for quintessential New York slice.  If you're a tourist, it doesn't really get better than this.  Small walk in place with barstool counter seating, a few round barstool tables, and the requisite stand up tables outside to scarf down your slice.   Prepare for lines during peak times.
#REVIEW#Best slice I've had! The crust was the perfect combination of crunchy and airy, the sauce had great tang, but not too much. I would eat here everyday if I could.
#REVIEW#Friendly service, clean pizzeria, caprese slice was absolutely delicious! $ 4.75 the caprese slice and regular $3 pricey but worth it.You must try this place.
