#NAME#Song E Napule
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/song-e-napule-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,italian#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I'm a biggest fan of Urbani Truffle. They are distributed 70% of Truffle in the USA from Italy, Australia and France truffles ! I saw the picture of @Giggino1992 with fresh black truffle tray on Instagram! I got to visit Song E Napule. Truffle is my favorite food :-) -and if they buy truffle and oil from Urbani Truffle, they got a fan for life!!This cute little spot with genuinely service, everything makes fresh or imported from Italy. The best ingredients, open kitchen where you can see your pizza is being made, so cool.We got a reservation on Sunday night. There was people waiting for good 15-30 minutes as the evening get to 7 pm. The jumbo pasta and rigatoni were crazily delicious. Paccheri alla Genovese - Homemade jumbo rigatoni with slowly cooked onion ragu, veal, parmesan - omg see my picture!Spaghetti alla Bolognese can't go wrong, ever! The pizza was spot on! Thin crust and packed with flavor and quality meats, sauce, and toppings!They have happy hour from Noon-4 PM, their 12" pizza regular at $16-$18, now only $10.95! Unbelievable bargain for this kind of goodness gracious authentic Naples style, Neapolitan pizza was so good!Margherita, Napoletana, Diovola, and TartufataTruffle cream, mozzarella, prosciutto di parma, truffle oil worth every penny! Polpette al Sugo - Meatballs with tomato sauce and parmesan cheese - a must order!Calamari alla Griglia - Grilled calamari with zucchini and eggplant - so good! We love it so much that my hubby and I came 3 days on the row :) Giggino, Ganndeno, Maradonna and the rest of the staffs are amazing! They all gave their football player name on their tshirt! We didn't get to see chef/owner Ciro all 3 days we visited Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday. He surely got an amazing staff and his brother taking/running this amazing place!We can't wait to visit again and if you visit NYC! Please make a visit. I took a 30 mins cab drive 3 days straight to visit this spot! It's not good, it's GREAT!
#REVIEW#My brother raved about this pizza place, so I had to try it while I was in town. Reservations were easy to make and we didn't have to wait to be seated, even though we all hadn't arrived yet. The restaurant is small, but it has a very European vibe to it - true to its cuisine. Their menus are on tablets, which made it easy to browse and read the menu selection, including the specials, instead of listening to a waiter describe them to us in rapid fire.Among the three of us, we ordered a large margherita, a large diavola, and a gnocchi dish. It was easy to find tasty meat-less options and the food came out fast. My brother and I love Neapolitan-style pizza, and he feels like the recipes here are true to their Italian roots. The gnocchi dish was a bit small, but it had good flavor. Those three dishes were definitely enough for us to feel satiated. The ingredients are fresh, so we didn't feel heavy afterward.As with every other reviewer, I must say that the service is just exceptional. The waiters are attentive, patient, and super friendly. I can't believe we were able to get service like this in New York! This small pizza shop is truly a gem, and I encourage anyone to come here - locals or tourists - you've got to give Song E Napule a try!
#REVIEW#Great service, great food, and dog friendly with outdoor seating.  Get the 16" pizza.  It's so good you'll find a way to make room for those extra inches.  Some of the best pizza I've had in my 8 years in NYC.
#REVIEW#The staff is amazing, everyone was very kind and we got our food in a reasonable amount of time. We had the daily special large pizza with salmon and burrata and it was  HEAVENLY. At the end we also got a panna cotta as the courtesy of the house. Lovely little gem, can't wait to go back.
#REVIEW#This was our 10th time at this place. Definitely one of the best pizza napoletana in the US. We tried in Los Angeles, Salt Lake City, Chicago, etc. These guys know how to deliver Napoli to the table. Hospitality was great as always, despite the busy hour on Sunday brunch with lots of reservations. We tried all the pizzas on the menu but nothing beats the classics. Margherita it is! Seafood special salad was outstanding.  Grazie mille, ragazzi! Highly recommend! Only Ronaldo toilet paper worth going ;)
#REVIEW#Specialty pizza alert...Truffle and prosciutto pizza TO DIE FOR!!!!!!!!!  Will DEFINITELY GO BACK.....maybe even tonight, it was that amazing. Great crust, Italian owners, very Napoli authentic. Go!
#REVIEW#Food is absolutely amazing: the tagliolini Bolognese was done perfectly. Their Tiramisu is also delicious. Staff is super nice and friendly
#REVIEW#This is so far my favorite pizza in New York. My husband and I are Italians and every time we crave pizza we go here. The dough is tasty and super light, this is not that kind of pizza you don't digest for hours, you could actually eat a second pizza instead. The ingredients are really fresh and tasty, you can feel the difference with other places where there is not the same attention on the quality of the products. Service is nice and with authentic napoleon vibes, same for the restaurant. It's small and familiar, not fancy at all, not the perfect place for a first romantic date but it's nice for a pizza place where you can feel like home. Coffee is also good, that is a plus. Best pizza we had in NYC.
#REVIEW#Song E Napule has redefined what I consider pizza. I've always been a Papa Johns or $1 slice to go kinda girl, but damn, what they make here honestly seems like a different kind of food entirely. The inside feels like your Italian friend's uncle's garage, outfitted with jerseys, Christmas lights, and pictures of Naples everywhere. You can see the pizza oven and fresh dough in the air. The bathroom is the through the kitchen with Juventus jerseys above the toilet. For some reason, the menus are all on fancy iPad tablets?The beer and wine selection is solid and there's also several pasta options. But let's be real, the pizza is why you're here. Even the simple margherita delights, with the incredible dough and fresh cheese. But if you're feeling fancy you might get something with prosciutto or truffle and you won't be disappointed. But did I mention the dough? Chewy, fresh baked, the star of the show. Everytime I'm in West village I find an excuse to eat this pizza.
#REVIEW#Amazing pizza, great atmosphere, fun.    I come here every time I go to NYC and this is by far the most authentic Italian pizza experience you will find. It's very small and crowded on the inside and there may be a bit of a wait but it is worth the wait for sure.
#REVIEW#Returned to Song E Napule on 2/25/19Service the best!We had margarita pizza. The best authentic Italian pizza!Linguine with imported Italian tomatoes and shrimp.My son told me the best pasta dish he has ever had. It is really that good. For dessert house made tiramisu which was excellent. Also another dessert which was like a dry cheesecake. Very decadent.We live far away but we will return sooner next time.
#REVIEW#So good!  Tiny place, but they keep things moving.  Pizza, crust so light.  Gnocchi Sorrentina, sauce and cheese is perfect.  Margherita, straightforward goodness.  Pizza special with prosciutto and truffle oil, salty and rich.  New favorite place.
#REVIEW#I was looking on Yelp for a new pizza place to try and found Song E Napule with rave reviews. I'd never heard of it previously, but all the reviews were amazing, so we made a reservation for 6pm on a Sunday night and came. The restaurant is quite small inside, and is just one room. There is a line hanging from the ceiling made to mimic a washing line, and there were men leaving the restaurant when we came in, who were speaking to who we presume is the owner, in Italian. It felt like we'd been transported to Naples. An enthusiastic waiter came over and brought us water, as well as the super modern iPad menus. After flicking through, and trying to order on the menus, we deduced that we couldn't, and waited patiently for our waiter to return. Although cool, we didn't see the point in having iPad menus that you couldn't order from. We ordered one calzone and one small pizza to split between us. Complimentary bread was presented at the table in the meantime, as we waited for our food. Our pizza and calzone were presented at the table not long after, and we dug in with relish. Both of us unequivocally agreed that it was the best pizza we'd had in New York. The dough was perfect, soft in all the places it should have been, and likewise crisp and brown in the right places. The calzone, likewise, was very good, although I can't say it was the best I've had in New York. What topped our experience off was the genuinely kind service, and the addition of a free chocolate panna cotta. Amazing!
#REVIEW#Our first pizza restaurant, while in NY .. this one is going to very hard to beat... out of this world delicious, owner very friendly
#REVIEW#This little place, we stumbled upon while walking around looking for food. It was cash only but they had an atm so not a big deal. The food though was worth every penny! Omg  we had the diavola pizza and spaghetti a la bolognese and tiramisu for dessert! The prices were moderate but fair and for New York it was normal. I would def return!
#REVIEW#I love love LOVE this place. Just happened to walk in while passing, looking for a place to eat. Turned out to be one of the best decisions! It feels like you're eating in Italy itself - I can vouch for this as I spent 4 months living there. The food is fresh and tasty, and you can tell that the ingredients are imported. I never really write reviews, but I rave about this place to anyone willing to listen. It is a pretty tight and tiny spot, but this is New York so that's not uncommon.
#REVIEW#The food was exceptional. Pizza perfectly crusty, sauce fresh and tasty, anchovies on the pizza napolitana were excellent. The octopus appetizer was flavorful and tender. The meatballs nicely seasoned. And most of all the service was friendly and excellent! Just don't tell them if you are a Juventus fan... the place is small and cozy. If you sit near the oven you will feel the heat! Super friendly and some of the best pizza in NYC!
#REVIEW#Such a gem, and the food and staff are fantastic. There are very few restaurants I have been to where the staff and kitchen people are having a great time. Kitchen staff was singing along and dancing and their demeanor just makes you want to come back. Had a pasta and 12 inch pizza which was perfect for two. Pair this with a glass of white wine and nice weather, can't beat this place.
#REVIEW#It was a slightly chilly afternoon and I wanted pizza. Well, I always want pizza but need to search for a reason to actually get it. As I was walking, I saw the $10 special and hit up some friends so I could try more pies. The pizzeria is very tiny but the service is still great. We sat at the edge facing the outside world and ordered pizza. The pies are individual size pies (4 slices) so they made a great snack. The crust was chewy like I expected and the flavor was accurate to the description. I also tried a pasta dish but didn't care so much for it because pizza beats pasta any day.
#REVIEW#My friend told me this is one of her favorite pizza places in New York, better than Lucali so when a friend came from out of town, I brought her here. I enjoyed the tomato pizza a lot but the white sauce pizza was not as good. They gave us a free dessert which was pretty delicious. I took a star off because we had a reservation and were made to wait 25 minutes from the reserved time...
