#NAME#Olio e Piú
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/olio-e-pi%C3%BA-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,italian,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Impressive authentic Italian food. I came here for an early dinner yesterday with my boyfriend (who is Italian), and we left very happy.Olio e Piú makes a wonderful date place whether you're on a second date or celebrating an anniversary. The restaurant atmosphere is cozy and quiet enough. Service is great, but the food tops it off.We ordered a charcuterie plate. My boyfriend said the mortadella was the best he has ever had. The prosciutto was very good also...not too salty. We ordered a glass of wine to go with our meal. Afterwards came the carbonara to share. Wow. It was the best carbonara we both ever tasted. It was creamy, flavorful, and not overly heavy and oily. The prosciutto was a nice touch (vs panchetta). We were still a bit hungry and so we ordered the tagliatelle with bolognese, which was also very impressive. It was very comparable to the bolognese I had in Bologna. The meat was cooked to perfection and juiciness. We would definitely return soon. You can taste the quality and love in their pasta.
#REVIEW#Came here for the first time about 2 weeks ago and ordered the carbonara and bolognese -- the pasta was not too heavy and perfectly cooked. The portions could've been a little bigger for what we paid, but nonetheless it was a nice end to the busy work day. I highly recommend both dishes, esp the carbonara (add extra pepper and parmesan!!!) Now on the second time here I wanted to try something different which was the tortelli aragosta (squid ink ravioli with lobster and shrimp). Tbh, this was a little underwhelming for what I expected. The flavors didn't come out as well (had to add lots of salt and pepper) and the ravioli insides were a little pasty. Would have loved more chewable pieces. Will continue to come back but this could've been a more salvageable dish.
#REVIEW#So delicious! I got their signature spaghetti dish and thought it looked bland, but it tastes anything but that. Very creamy, flavorful, and delicious. The restaurant can get a little hot so keep that in mind -they had all the windows completely open and it was a hot day but I'd assume (hope) that wouldn't be the case on even hotter days.My only qualm I guess is the price -I paid around $30-32 for one pasta dish including tax and tip which is kinda pricey. None the less I'd definitely come back (hopefully often -super yummy pasta).This restaurant isn't upscale but it's a nice casual option for a dinner out or date.
#REVIEW#Good Italian restaurant!We got an appetizer with fried seafood, a tomato-based pizza with mushrooms, Italian sausage and some herbs. The pasta with an egg inside was recommended so we also got that.The tastes of all dishes were great! I liked the pizza especially, flavor with a good amount of ingredients. The pasta was a little different from the normal pasta I had as it was firmer, and I guess that is more authentic. The appetizer was good and came with a good amount. We also got some good cocktails. And the free bread and olive was popular.The service was attentive. I was initially a little buzzed by all the Italian on the menu, but the waiter was very nice in explaining them to me.
#REVIEW#I ordered a Carbonara Pasta. It was with prosciutto, cheese and egg for decoration and I can say that it was really really tasty. One of the good thing here is that they make their own pasta and for that reason is so fresh and they prepare al dente. The combination with The prosciutto AMAZING GOOD. I enjoyed my meal at the outdoor patio and it was a nice experience. When I came inside the restaurant I saw they make the pizzas in a brick oven. Next time I will come back soon to enjoy a pizza. Finally the servers were very friendly giving me good recommendations.
#REVIEW#This may be one of the more beautiful restaurants in NYC. We made a reservation for 6pm and were promptly seated. The wine menu looked extensive and I liked that most of the bottles were comparable prices. We went with the Sauvignon blanc, which was really good. For the appetizers, we split the meatballs, which were drenched in a delicious tomato sauce and the fried shrimp and calamari. We could've skipped the fried dish as it was average and nothing really to write home about.For the main course, I had the branzino, which was very fresh. I wish there was a sauce the was not just the lemon that came with the fish. I was able to sample my friends' dishes as well who all happened to order the pasta dishes. Of the three, the mushroom ravioli was the best. I would've chosen that over my branzino dish if I were hungrier. The carbonara and the spaghetti alle vongole were just average. The carbonara was better than the linguini with clams. Overall, great service and ambience, which is why I'm giving this place a 4/5. If I could, I would give it a 3.5 as the food was good, but didn't really leave me wanting more.
#REVIEW#I came here on a Saturday for brunch with my family and friends. Extremely cute restaurant with rustic interior and traditional wood-fired oven. The decorations inside really made me feel like I was dining in Italy. They also had amazing outdoor seating but I guess I would have to wait until the weather gets better! Olio e Piu is inspired by classic, simple Neapolitan cuisine with house-made pastas and wood-fire oven baked pizza. For my entree, I tried the Spaghetti Chitarra Alla Carbonara ($24) - Proscuitto, black pepper, egg, parmesan, and chili oil. I loved the home-made pasta, super chewy and cooked al dente - just the way I like it. They put an egg yolk on top of the pasta - do you know how much satisfaction I get from cracking that yolk, wait for it to drip all over the pasta and just mix my pasta with the creamy, silky egg yolk? Delicious!  Bloody Mary ($15) - Vodka, tomato juice and spices. Come on, it's brunch. To order a Bloody Mary is a classic brunch move. I liked how fresh the Bloody Mary tasted. It didn't taste like a canned tomato juice, that's been mixed with vodka. I could also taste chunks of crushed horseradish in it that gave quite a kick to the Bloody Mary. Although... they might have added more horseradish because I asked my Bloody Mary to be extra spicy!!! Service was very friendly but slow. I had to ask for my chili flakes (to put on my pasta) a couple times before I got them, and they only gave 1 plate (3 pieces) of bread when there were 6 of us at the table - a little stingy! Overall, a very positive experience other than the slow service. Food was amazing! If I ever feel like going to Italy but don't have time, I will stop by here to have brunch/dinner and trick myself into thinking that I am on vacation!
#REVIEW#Pleasant atmosphere and good food, but service could have been better. We waited quite a while for our food and one person in our party did not get her food until everyone else was nearly finished.Can't go wrong with anything on the menu, everyone enjoyed their meals. Would highly recommend trying the ricotta toast, it was delicious!!
#REVIEW#I was so full before this dinner even started, I was so sad! The food was amazing, the service was super sweet. We opted to sit at the bar because the seats were way to close to the other tables. ALl of the food was absolutely amazing, we thoroughly enjoyed our leftovers (about 20 minutes after we got home HAH)It is definitely on the more expensive side, it is definitely a $$$ or even $$$$ restaurant, it was $168 for 2 people who each got 1 drink, one app, 2 entrees & one dessert.We got Burrata, Bolognese, ravioli & chocolate tartAll photos by @carbiesanon
#REVIEW#Olio e Piu is serves an amazing Italian meal! The food was divine and the service was excellent! The large façade is green and next to a beautiful flower shop. The inside of the restaurant is spacious and has old iron details. Its beautiful with some light streaming through small windows. K and I had dinner with large group. This way we got to share and taste multiple dishes. Excellent:1) Focaccia- this was fluffy with a great crisp on the outside. There was cheese sprinkled and it came with pesto flavored olive oil. This was amazing! 2) Polipo in Padella- Grilled tender flavorful octopus tentacles on a thin bed of olives, sundried tomatoes, radicchio. The octopus was so soft and perfectly grilled. 3) Risotto ai funghi- this was creamy unami al dente risotto. It was heavenly. I wished I ordered this myself. 4) Fusilli e manzo- fusilli with tomatoes and beef brisket, topped with parmesan. This was such a savory rich delicious dish. It had so many layers of textures and flavors. The al dente hand rolled fusilli that looked like mini twisted straws, soft savory acidity from the tomatoes and the tender rich pulled apart beef brisket. I was so full but I couldn't stop from grabbing a bite more. 5) Fettuccine with lobster- this was amazing! The half lobster was cooked al dente and the spicy tomato sauce brightened the whole dish. I loved every bite! 6) Tartare di salmone- salmon tartare. I loved the mustard seeds and the fresh salmon. It was a great app. Good: 1) Broccoli rabe with fresh garlic and chili flakes. This was tender and tasty. Also very doable at home. 2) Fettuccine granchio- Fettuccine with jumbo lump crab meat. This was very good (tasty pasta, chunks of crab meat throughout the dish) but the lobster fettuccine with the spicy tomato sauce was much better.3) Roasted baby potatoes- this was delicious and caramelized. Drinks: Belladonna- this pretty raspberry drink was delicious and refreshing! The gin was barely discernible but will definitely sneak up on you. Old Cuban- rum with prosecco and elderflower. It looked beautiful but I preferred my Belladonna drink. Desserts:Orange panna cotta- this did not look appetizing but it tasted amazing! I loved the fragrance of the orange slices and the peel. And the panna cotta was so smooth. I couldn't help but finish it.Nutella calzone- this was a beautiful and impressive dessert! I loved the gooey nutella and the crushed walnuts. This was a wonderful delicious meal! I cannot wait to return!
#REVIEW#WOW DELICIOUSTASTYFULLCOMING BACK FOR MOREWhere do I begin?I didn't reserve a table but they had space at the bar and accommodated me and my boyfriend so well! The service was still fantastic at the bar! The bread - dense and flavorful The bruschetta for appetizer - THIS IS AMAZING, melts right in your mouthLobster Handmade Pasta - the lobster just falls right out of the shell because it is cooked to perfection. Pasta feels soulfulThe Gelato - SO CREAMY OMG!! Even a "basic" vanilla flavor is to DIE FOR. You have to check this place out. So good. I am definitely coming back here again!
#REVIEW#Amazing pasta i had the pasta with truffle and it was delicious !!! Perfect location for friends and or a date! Dado is an amazing waiter and very attentive :)Highly recommend for your next night out in nyc!
#REVIEW#You can easily pick this place out from the moment you step off the 9th Street PATH station: a big green building covered in florals and making you feel like you're entering an Italian villa. The interior ambiance and decor are beautiful, reminiscent of an old banquet hall, but not in a bad way. It was early, so the place got more packed as we had our meal, but for now, relative emptiness. I ended up getting here before my reservation (a MUST for this place), but they were very accommodating and let me sit at the bar and order their happy hour drinks. I ended up having a glass of the Montepulciano, which I enjoyed. Very nice red. My boyfriend and his brother joined me shortly we after, and we were seated fairly quickly by a very polite hostess. We ordered more drinks (another wine for me, IPA for my man, and Maker's for his brother) and food. We ordered the Belga salad and veal meatballs to start, with all of us ordering pasta as entrees (mushroom ravioli for me, rigatoni with house pork ragu for bae, and tagliatelle bolognese for his brother). We got nothing but enthusiastic encouragement from our waitress, who was really sweet and made us feel like we were making all the right choices for food. While we waited, we were served complimentary bread with artichoke hearts, olives, olive oil and cubes of cheese. The bread was soft and fresh and paired well with the nutty cheese (Parmesan? Pecorino?) as well as the artichoke heart. Service was fast, but none of us felt like we were being rushed to turn tables. The tables are set closely together so as to be more intimate, which we didn't seem to mind, especially since we didn't have to scream in order to have a conversation. The salad and meatballs arrived first, with the salad portion being larger than the meatball one. The meatball was made with veal and was the right amount of juiciness, flavor, and texture, coated in a delightful red sauce that tasted homemade, like a true Sunday gravy. The Belga salad was all endive, with candied walnuts, apples, pecorino, and hazelnut vinaigrette. My boyfriend and I enjoyed the salad, which had great elements of bitter (endive), sweet (walnuts, apples and dressing), and salty (pecorino). The entrees came out shortly after.My boyfriend's brother enjoyed his tagliatelle and loved the bolognese, seeing it as true to form, with my boyfriend drooling over his rigatoni. I myself had a bite of the latter, finding it cooked VERY al dente, as pasta should be. That mushroom ravioli, however, is something so delicious and surprising that it must be what they make in heaven. The pasta itself was soft and delicate, pocketed with a nice mascarpone cheese that served as a pleasant compliment to the gaminess and complex flavors of the mushrooms. The sauce itself was creamy, with the baby kale providing some texture and that glorious black truffle bringing out even more earthiness in the dish. An absolute MUST-TRY!We ended up splitting the bill, which was steep, so be sure to bring your wallet! But overall, I thought the whole experience was worth it and I'd definitely be back, hopefully for date night!
#REVIEW#Came here with 3 other friends and it was a Monday night but super packed, not surprised. This is a classic neighborhood spot. Kiril our server was super duper friendly ! Top notch for sure. He was super packed and he took his time to serve us and didn't rush us and also suggested some menu item & the new items on the menu. We order quite a few cause we were hungry. We had the octopus which was like butter(MUST ORDER) - fried seafood -eggplant Parm (OMG UNBELIEVABLE ) love the sauce.. wish this sauce was with the fried seafood dish! -beet & goat cheese salad, so refreshing Entree we had; -Rib eye steak with broccoli robe & roasted Garlic (JUICY)  -carbonara (classic dish) this is a must -mushroom ravioli - I loved the sauce omg so creamy -rigatoni with braised beef - wish it had more sauce but liked the pasta, cooked perfectly Dessert:-Nutella Calzone (be prepare... its HUGE) -ricotta tart w/strawberry (SO FREAKIN LIGHT & tasty) -olive cake was okay, light and fluffy -tiramisu was good but I expected it even better Overall, such an amazing dinner time with friends over tasty Italian food. Recommend reservation cause it gets packed but walk in are welcome  ! And big SHOUTOUT to KIRIL for being awesome and making our night
#REVIEW#Really great food! I came with a group and ordered the following:-ricotta bruschetta: this was amazing!-beet salad: the table really enjoyed this-meatballs: very good, but I don't think I would get again-Caesar salad: ok. It had too much of an anchovy taste in the dressing-caprese (came with tomatoes and burrata): the burrata was great and the tomatoes were very fresh-carbonara pasta: amazing! I would recommend-Fusilli e Manzo: pasta with braised beef. The pasta was so fresh and this was one of my favorite dishes-Mushroom ravioli: this was amazing and a perfect dish-Capricciosa pizza: this came with Mozzarella, mushrooms, artichokes, prosciutto cotto, kalamata olives, basil. The crust was good, but the middle got soggy and all the toppings fell off.Overall, I would recommend this place.
#REVIEW#I came here Saturday evening with my boyfriend. We had made a reservation so we were seated right away.We shared some pizza and the meatballs to start. I really like the pizza because it was heavy on the crust, but my boyfriend thought it was just ok. I thought the meatballs were just so-so. Both portions were about average.For entrees I ordered the carbonara, and my boyfriend ordered the tagliatelle. The carbonara was good, but the tagliatelle was way better. I should have ordered that instead. The pasta dishes are pretty pricey though. At about $25 per dish, that's kind of high for a smaller size portion of pasta.I'd say the service was average. We were seated next to a table that had an infant in a stroller so that was less than ideal. Overall I thought it was ok, but you can get much better pasta at less expensive places.
#REVIEW#One of the better Italian restaurants I have been to in NYC. A gem of a restaurant located in Greenwich village. For dinner we ordered the Cozze in padella: mussels in a white wine, garlic, lemon broth, prosciutto di parma, fusilli e manzo - pasta with Parmesan cheese and braised beef. Everything had so much flavor - I was tempted to order seconds just to experience more. The service was fast and efficient as well. As soon as we were seated the waiters attended the tables and did not have us waiting to order drinks, appetizers or the entrees. Will definitely be back in the near future.
#REVIEW#Make reservations! I can't stress enough. I've tried to come many times, and either the wait is long, or when I tried making a reservation for the day of.. there is no open tables. Great spot for Italian food in the West Village. Their dark rustic ambience makes your dining experience pretty intimate. Their Fritto Misto (fried squid, shrimp, artichoke hearts) was DELICIOUS! wow. If I ever do return I would order this again. I ordered their spaghetti carbonara, as it seems to be one of the dishes they are known for. The portion was perfect, wasn't too much or too light. I'm a huge fan of spaghetti carbonara, and their sauce was light which was great because it wasn't 'heavy'. We didn't have room sadly for dessert, but that just means we need to go back.
#REVIEW#Olio e Piú has been my favorite NYC restaurant for years. The food is consistently delicious, great service, and incredible ambiance. The patio has always been my ideal location for a table. I went with my go-to pizza - The Margherita. It's simple and quite possibly my favorite pizza in general. The crust is light with a doughy bite.The Clam Linguini was fresh and plenty for two to share. It could have used a bit more salt or lemon but it was still extraordinary. It was my first time trying this dish and I'm happy I did!We ordered the white fish, squid, and shrimp appetizer, which comes lightly deep fried. It's a perfect dish for 2-4 people, depending on your level of hunger. Bare in mind there are only 2 shrimp but they're huge! So yummy.The service was fantastic as always. Today we had the pleasure of sitting in Petar's section. Thank you for yet another wonderful experience. I'm sure we'll visit a few more times before our trip back home to LA. Thanks!
#REVIEW#I'm at this area at least once a week and always wanted to try Olio e Piú. The place is very cute and always crowded. They have outdoor seating which is dog-friendly so I'm excited to bring my puppy back in the future! I was there to celebrate my friend's birthday, although we were a party of 7, the food came out fast. My favorite was the Fusilli E Manzo! The beef brisket on that was A+++! I would have a photo had I not ate it so fast. Victoria, our waitress, was super cheerful and fun and I appreciate her answering questions I had.The only reason why the review is 4 stars is because of one of pizza pies that was brought out. Unfortunately, the body of the pizza was so thin and limp, it was falling apart as my friends and I lifted it. I had to put my ingredients back on my slice and roll it around the crust to eat it. The flavor was still good though. The other pizza, the Campagnola, was not like that. There was structure to it, I could lift it without things falling off and it was delicious. I guess the sausage pizza was just a miss.Overall, I enjoyed the food and the atmosphere and will be back with my pup one day. :)
