#NAME#Indian Accent
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/indian-accent-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#indpak#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#The most magical meal I've had, probable ever. Tasting menu vs a 3 or 4 course meal was the biggest decision for us. Ended up going with the 4 course meal since this gave us the option to pick any item on the menu so we got to try 8 different dishes between the two of us. The tasting menu is QUITE a marathon so make sure you work up an appetite beforehand if you choose it. Pictures speak louder than words so look below to get a taste of the magic - all dishes labeled although the menu changes regularly. All the dishes were great so you can't go wrong with any choice.
#REVIEW#Service here is weirdly good. We came here for our anniversary. I ordered a meal that didn't come with enough naan, and they literally heard my ass complaining and brought more naan. That's some attentive service!Food here is some of the better Indian food in New York. But I have to say, the New York Location doesn't even compare to the original Indian Accent restaurant in Delhi. Obviously. But still, food was good. I feel like all the Indian restaurants in New York are trying to take a page out of Gaggan's book and add a more gastro twist to the Indian cuisine. I appreciate it, but even then, all the "eclectic" or "modern" indian restauarants in new york are starting to feel the same. They're literally just making portion sizes smaller and presentation better, with some added attention to the taste of the food too. But the cuisine hasn't changed in my opinion, just the style, presentation, and portion size. And that's why no Indian restaurant in new york has been able to truly match Gaggan or Junoon's reputation. Change the food too!! Not just the way it looks. I can see through that.
#REVIEW#We went the to celebrate our Anniversary. We tried the tasting menu.The food is very delicious and beautiful presented. It's true when they say food presentation adds to the taste.Care is taken to even sett the right spoon, and for certain courses no spoon, to encourage using your fingers.The portions are small, but you are full by the end of the course.I loved all the chefs preparations, but stuffed kulcha and Malai Makkah was my favorite This is the first time we had tried a tasting menu at a up scale restaurant, so cannot really compare the prices.100$ per person felt steel, but personally it felt worth the price.
#REVIEW#Amazing Indian food!!! We came in here for lunch at 1:59pm and they close at 2pm for lunch but the host was so nice and found us a table quickly. We all had the two course lunch and everyone loved their food. Service was quick and our server recommendations were all great. Highly recommend the below:From first course:- soy keema- sweet pickle ribsFrom second course:- paper roast dosa- soft shell crab koliwada: love love love this. The rice was so flavorful and was perfectly cooked, the soft shell crab was crunchy yet soft and so delicious - chicken malai tikkaI highly recommend this place!
#REVIEW#We were planning were to celebrate our anniversary and I had few options in mind. Being a week day we had to work it out in a given time slot. So here we were in Indian accent Started with the cocktails , they all are pretty good .We decided to go for the 8 course tasting meal which couldn't  be taken by just one person so we both took it . The attendant made few changes on our request .The fear of whether we will be hungry after the meal as the portions are so small soon faded away after the 4th course , as the food is so rich and you actually enjoy every bite of it .This place should be visited and really don't think it's a kids place . Because if you want to enjoy every course you need to keep the kids away  Also the question arises what will the kids eat ? So let's keep them with baby sitter and enjoy a romantic peaceful sumptuous meal
#REVIEW#Amazing restaurant! Came here to catch up with an old friend. Of course very pricey, but well worth the price. We came for lunch so I think it was a bit cheaper. Very nice setting but everyone i saw was dressed casually (probably because it was lunch). I started with the tuna and salmon, which was very light and the different flavours really complemented each other. The crunch was also amazing and added a nice texture. I also got the chicken malai tikka, which was very good. It was not too creamy and had a very nice kick of spice, however not too spicy that even people who don't eat spice, couldn't eat it. My friend got the roast lamb which was very good. It reminded us of Peking duck because of the ability to fold your own serving. Overall great experience. High ceilings but it could get a little noisey when it was fully packed. We also finished with the makhan malai which was amazing! Very light.
#REVIEW#Found this on a lark when we were craving Indian food after a day of walking around New York. Very professional staff from the start to finish. They accommodated us immediately and the wait staff were helpful with choosing from the menu and they patiently answered all out questions even though we took a bit longer to find what we were going to eat.The chef has created a chef's tasting menu which is a four course menu including dessert going for $125 and a bit more with wine pairing. There is also an option to mix and match a 3 or 4 course menu. We choose the latter with a 3 course menu and chose a couple of things from appetizers - sweet potato with okra and a roasted beets with peanut butter - main courses - paper dosa and seared sea bass - and desserts - a cloud of malai and barfi with vanilla ice cream.They were all absolutely delicious and we were totally stuffed by the end if it. It took a good 10 block walk to walk off the dinner. This was by no means a heavy dinner just that it was delicious and it makes for a good dinner. Hats off to the chefs and the wait staff.Recommend.
#REVIEW#This might get a little mushy, but I have nothing but good things to say about this restaurant. It is the best fusion of Indian and modern I have ever experienced! Went for my birthday and I couldn't have asked for a better ambiance to celebrate in. The staff was very accommodating with how much food I wanted and what would be the right choice. My bf and I did the chef's menu. The sphere chaat: gives you the perfect mixture of sweet and sour with the green apple slice and sweet chutney. Along with the yogurt chutney, which is the cherry on top Soy Keema and pav: so soft and buttery. This dish was airy light with the hint of spice which is not overpowering so you definitely want in every bite.Paper dosa: this was my personal favorite because the concept of a dosa as a dome and the mushrooms inside was mind blowing to me. Don't be fooled by the picture! The real deal is inside, perfect blend of mushrooms with the crispy covering with a scoop of the chutneyDesserts: makhan malai: was my birthday treat and OMG it melted in my mouth. It is crunchy because of the jaggery brittle, flavorful because of the saffron and rose petals, and smooth because of the malai. What else can you ask for in life? Crispy seviyan: this was crispy noodles for dessert with ice cream. An amazing concept that everyone needs to try at least once! My mom makes these noodles at home but the crispy version of them with rice pudding is to die for! Recommended? 100%!!!
#REVIEW#I took my bf here for his birthday recently. Given he and I love Indian food, I looked everywhere for a very good Indian restaurant to take him this year. Its described uniqueness, positive write ups and reviews made me especially curious of this place. It's expensive and more upscale compared to most common Indian restaurants, so it's perfect for those special occasions. Be prepared for Indian cuisine with a tasty contemporary spin.I appreciated the unique approach to their dishes. For dinner, they offer a few different choices; 3 course with accompaniment, 4 course with accompaniment, or chef's tasting. We opted for the 4 course because we wanted to pick and choose off the menu. You can choose any selection off the menu, and it can be any mix of any items. We shared all our dishes, which included in order --Amuse bouche for each of us - Pumpkin soup and kulcha with cheeseAppetizers - Sweet potato shakarkandi and potato sphere chaatMid courses - Phulka with chili pork and sweet pickle ribsMains - Seared scallops, Ghee roast lamb, Spinach kofta, and Chicken malai tikkaAccompaniments - Kulcha with wild mushroom and kulcha with butter chickenInterestingly, we liked our starter dishes more than our mains. We loved the sweet pickle ribs and the appetizers were pretty great. The phulka is like an Indian taco, delicious but not so easy to share as it's just one portion. I would honestly skip the scallops and the chicken malai next time. They were tasty, but I wasn't super fond of them. The ghee roast lamb is a must. The kulcha was a nice accompaniment. It's like a filled pita pocket. The only annoyance was that our kulcha got cold by the time our second course of mains arrived. We were hoping to enjoy the kulcha with our mains, but we waited too long. As for service, our last main dishes were taking some time to arrive. I noticed the service started to slow down as the restaurant filled up. When we arrived, service was definitely more on point. The restaurant was entirely filled up after an hour of arrival. We had different servers come by our table. The only weird thing I noticed is we didn't get a wet towel for the ribs though the table next to us did. As for ambience, the restaurant space is very nice. The seating arrangement was fine. We got a corner table at the very front, and it seemed like the most private seating area. The noise level can get loud depending where you sit. I noticed a line at the door for a table, so I strongly recommend a reservation before coming here.For a birthday occasion, Indian Accent was a nice choice. We both very much enjoyed the food. It's quite different from your typical Indian restaurant. If you're okay spending a bit more, consider Indian Accent for some unique Indian fine dining.
#REVIEW#Fanciest, most modern Indian restaurant I've been to. Modern, Indian-American cuisine in a refined space. Sat at the bar and sampled a few things, but will need to come back for sit down dinner with a small group. Pork dumplings were incredible. My friend had a chicken dish what I can only describe as meatball-esque which was absolutely delicious.
#REVIEW#Excellent service and phenomenal food. Did the chef's tasting (10 courses) and they allowed me to substitute one of their dishes so I got to try the sea bass. Cocktails are also fantastic. Service is very attentive--also interesting in that they rotate which people serve you food so you basically get to meet the host etc. Come for a special occasion and you won't regret it
#REVIEW#Best. Meal. Ever.  It's an Indian tasting menu of flavors and spices that are heavenly. I started with pumpkin coconut shorba that was so delicious, that I wanted to jump in.  I made such a fuss over it that the GM brought me the recipe (I may name a child after him).  I then had crab claws with flavors I've never had before. And went on to short ribs that were sweet and sour. The meat fell off the bone. The next course was a fried ball of spinach and cheese in a masala sauce. OMG. Each course is better than the last. For dessert, I chose the Maklan Malai based on the other reviews on Yelp. It did not disappoint. It was light and sweet with amazing flavor. My new goal in life is to fund them so they can spread beyond NY, India, and London. Seriously. Best. Meal. Ever.
#REVIEW#"Oh my god" - these are the words you'd keep repeating while enjoying your amazingly cooked and presented meal at Indian Accent. We had made reservations for a Sunday lunch for noon, and I'd highly recommend making reservations if you plan to come here around 1/1:30 pm as this place did fill up very quickly within 45 mins. and the restaurant was packed by 12:45 pm.For drinks, I ordered their non-alcoholic beverage "Upsy Desi" and would highly recommend it if you love lime.We went with the shared brunch feast option, which is priced at $55 per person and would highly recommend this option, because it gives you the opportunity to try some of their best dishes in a single meal. We were 4 of us, so we could pick any 4 items from their menu with an option to repeat one. In terms of servings, you get 2 portions of each dish which you split 4-ways. For the first course, "potato sphere chaat, white pea mash" was a winner. First course gives you 3 options to pick from.For the 2nd course "parsi "salli per eedu," fried egg, crispy potatoes, chutneys" and "beef chili dabba gosht, baked egg, chappati" are to die for. Definitely order the mushroom, and bacon kulcha.No options to choose from in the 3rd course, but the 2 options listed on their menu are absolutely delicious i.e. makhan malai, and kesar mangoes.Service is absolutely spot on and food arrives within 20 mins of placing the order. Is it expensive? - Yes it is... is it worth it? - It absolutely is!
#REVIEW#Disappointing to say the least, the keema pao flavors were good but the bread doesn't have any lime leaf aroma or flavor and the portion of the bread doesn't match the portion of the meat unless you're supposed to eat about ten bites of keema without any bread for second the chicken tikka was succulent and flavorful the truffle kinda got lost in the other flavors my friend got the ghee roast lamb, which was good. Both the desserts were blah all in all perhaps my expectations were too high for the place
#REVIEW#Get the right dishes and this place is great if you aren't afraid of some spices.I love the crab claw option. Be warned portions are properly sized so three courses are plenty for a regular customer.
#REVIEW#Amazing. I had really high hopes for this place and it lived up to the hype. We went with a group of four and we all did the chef's tasting menu. Among our favorites: the puchkas, the morels (this blew me away), the cod, the shrimp, and the kulchas with butter chicken. That is, essentially, the majority of the menu -- it was all just so good.If I have any minor complaints, it's that I thought the desserts were just very good (not as incredible  as the rest of the menu), and the total amount of food was basically just right. The latter really isn't a complaint so much as it is a warning that if you want to walk out dying of fullness, this probably isn't the right tasting menu place for you. All in all, an amazing experience that I'd love to do again at some point.
#REVIEW#We came here for my boyfriend's birthday and got the dinner tasting menu. The tasting menu comes with A LOT of food so we were pretty stuffed by the end of our meal. Every single element and dish served during our night was perfection. The service is very kind and caring and does not have the hoity-toity snobby feel that most upscale high-end restaurants have. Every single server that came to our table was very approachable and welcoming. Had a very unique mint yogurt cocktail that left an long-lasting impression.One of my favorite restaurants in NYC by far and that is something I don't say lightly. This is just for the tasting menu though! Highly recommend - it's well priced and gives you a lot of food with great craftmanship, elegance, and fine taste.
#REVIEW#Just freaking go there!! This place deserves a Michelin star ASAP.We were really, really looking forward to visiting this place, and read up everything we can find about them. Needless to say, we weren't disappointed. It's difficult to please a seasoned Indian palate with Indian food, and even more difficult to wow them. But Indian Accent did it. People see Indian food as daunting because of its complexities, but Chef Mehrotra has actually managed take out a few ingredients and still retain the taste of each dish. If you're mindful while eating, you can distinguish the flavor of each and every dominant ingredient in the dish.We had many things there, but here are the highlights:Pumpkin shorba: served as warm shooters, it was the very first dish. We came in after a long walk in a particularly chilly evening, and LOVED them. Our delight was so visible that the lovely server brought us seconds, then even asked for thirds :pSweet-potato chaat: simple yet delicious: sweet potato, chaat masala, fried okra.Soy keema quail egg with kaffir lime pao: if soy wasn't written in the menu, you'd think this is actual keema.Ghee roast lamb: served peking duck style, with tiny parathas to wrap the meat with. The meat is cooked tender and exquisitely, with the ghee, black pepper and garam masala flavors in perfect harmony. Served with three chutneys: we especially loved the green chilly... very very spicy!!Doda barfi treacle tart: served warm, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The deep caramelized flavors of doda barfi works so well with the mellow vanilla.Makkhan malai: Light, fluffy with rose petal chikki for crunch. Probably their signature dish, and is absolutely delicious. All the basic Indian dessert flavors- malai, cardamom, saffron- in perfect balance.In conclusion, there are many Indian places in NYC that claim to serve 'inventive' or 'modern' food, but this place is the real thing. It's expensive, but totally worth it in my opinion.
#REVIEW#I have been to this location twice. At first I was a bit apprehensive, but oh boy did we enjoy the venue. We plan on returning in near future
#REVIEW#Five stars just for the dessert! Must try the Makhan Malai which will melt in your mouth. Nice ambience, bright and cheerful. Inventive dishes on the menu, quite a few vegetarian options. Started off with the complimentary coconut flavored soup which was good and the blue cheese naan which was messy to eat. Got the sweet pickle ribs , melt in the mouth tender just the right amount of spice and sweet. The shrimp kolivada dish was just amazing , tasted like the homemade shrimp rava fry, elevated!Wife got the Bengali kichidi and the fenugreek palak tart which she loved. Great flavor and creative presentation.Dessert - both the makhan malai and the kheer was fantastic. Great textures in each, well balanced and not too sweet. The kheer dessert had perfectly cooked rice kheer, crispy sevaiyan and juicy berries along with two wonderful ice creams- brilliant combination. The makhan malai was light and airy , with crunchy bits and nuts and a hint of rose, easily the best dessert in a long time! Wanted to eat at the Indian Accent in Delhi to try the daulat ki chaat , didn't happen due to time constraints. Came here for a memorable lunch while in New York for the Memorial Day weekend.
