#NAME#Maharlika
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/maharlika-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#filipino#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Maharlika's Flip'd Chicken and Ube Waffle might be my favorite variation of the dish that I've ever had. I don't mean to diminish the rest of the options of the menu by writing a review of the place based on a singular dish, but after a second visit, I feel compelled to highlight it somehow (I should note that based on my friends' reactions to different things they have gotten, I feel confident that the rest of the menu is stellar as well).Every single component of the Flip'd Chicken and Ube Waffle is unique and interesting. The chicken is batterless, but don't mistake that with being flavorless. There's still a nice a crispy layer of skin on top, and underneath, the chicken is plenty tender and juicy, but eating this type of fried chicken doesn't leave you hating yourself after, as it feels a lot healthier this way. The vinegar/chili pepper sauce they give on the side goes great with this in my opinion, but feel free to experiment with other condiments as well. I just personally don't love mixing sweet and meat. Now, the waffle is where things get really interesting. At other places, getting a purple waffle might feel like a gimmick, but here, it's a reflection of the awesome purple yam that is encapsulated fully as part of the waffle. I haven't had anything like it anywhere else, and I can't say I prefer any other waffle to this one. The butter and syrup both work well with it, and I see no reason to use both. The butter is anchovy-based, so it might feel a bit fishy, but it's not super prominent. The syrup is caramel-y, mixed with light coconut flavor. It can be a bit heavy, but it's definitely worth trying with everything.I have also tried the Bibingka and the Garlic Rice. The Bibingka is this scrumptious sweet rice cake, and then every couple of bites, you'll get a bit of really salty egg to totally balance out the flavor and throw you for a loop... absolutely delicious. The Garlic Rice is simple, and it's not much more than the name, but it's wonderfully fragrant, and something I fully plan on stealing for my own home cooking.As for non-food details, the servers are super friendly and knowledgeable, and while the tables inside aren't huge, it's got a cozy feel that I enjoy. It can fill up a bit sometimes, but reservations are pretty easy to make online. If you're looking for something new, I really couldn't recommend Maharlika enough.
#REVIEW#Great Filipino food! This is a great place to go if you're bored and underwhelmed by the typical New York brunch. All of the dishes here are packed with flavor and are super filling! I came here on a Saturday at around 1:45 and we did have to wait about 30 minutes to be seated so keep that in mind if you're planning a trip. Other than the long wait, the brunch dishes are great. All of the meats have a nice sweet roasted flavor to them and the garlic rice is to die for!!
#REVIEW#My first attempt at Filipino food was a success!My table tried the pork sisig, which had pork belly, cheek and tongue scrambled with eggs. The flavor bomb was totally unexpected. The textures from the different cuts of meat blended perfectly together with the egg. Because I was in a time crunch, we couldn't try anything else, but the food on everyone else's tables looked so appetizing. Next time, I'm coming back for the Ube & Chicken Waffles :).
#REVIEW#We came in for brunch on Saturday and it wasn't too crowded and were seated immediately. The interior is themed perfectly and put me in the mood for Filipino food.I had the Eggs Imelda and it was enough for two of us to share. It had good flavors beyond the normal poached eggs. It was also a little spicy so be warned!I also tried the Filipino Flash. The menu said it used to be called the Pacquiao Punch. In any case, it was fine for Saturday brunch.The restroom was decent which I appreciated. The staff are quite friendly and willing to chat. I look forward to coming back to try other menu items outside of breakfast.
#REVIEW#Finally got around to trying this place and it does not disappoint! Came here for brunch and got the Bloody Mary and sausage Silog (my friend got the fish one). They were both super yummy and surpassed our expectations! The sausage was the perfect amount of tenderness and sweetness. I really liked that the vinegar on the side can be mixed with fish sauce and hot sauce of our liking. The Bloody Mary was just ok. A little more bitter than most, I would deffo come back for food but maybe not drinks. Can't wait to try their dinner menu!!
#REVIEW#Attentive service, really good sisig, but everything else is just meh to ok. Came here for brunch, but it wasn't eggscelent!Baboy sisig ($16): be warned of the small portion (it is adequately listed as an appetizer, and it's definitely one of the priciest appetizers seen). If you have a mini cast iron skillet that you use to fry one egg - it's that size. I really liked this while it was hot - tasted some of the fattiness, but some pieces were a little hard and dry. What I didn't like was that their waitstaff actually mixes the dish for you, standing on the side, before serving. I wouldn't mind mixing it myself . . .Garlic rice = YESSS. Went so well with the sisig!Eggs benigno ($14): NO RUNNY YOLK! Eggs were almost hard boiled. Bread was sooo fat and thick, and hollandaise sauce was alarmingly sparse. Spam is spam so that was delicious...but never again for this price. Most disappointed by the lack of runny egg, and the table next to me received the same thing...yikes. They also commented loudly that they didn't like the arroz caldo (the rice porridge entree) Eggs aguinaldo ($18): lemongrass pork belly was very crispy (but not crazily so) and quite flavorful! Perfect sunny side up for this dishBangus ($8): I really thought this would be more moist, but it's on the drier end. Milkfish had little to almost no flavor, just fried, not much to this. Wouldn't get again
#REVIEW#This is probably my favorite Filipino restaurant in the city by far! Whenever I come here for dinner, it never disappoints. The waitstaff is always friendly and attentive; we never have to wait long for the food. This last time we went, I was able to get a variety of all the dishes I LOVE.Chicken & Waffles - Those ube waffles are to DIE for. If you're a fan of ube like I am, these are definitely up there on the list. It comes with a syrup and a butter. The perfect bite is a piece of chicken, waffle, some butter and syrup. It is the amazing combination of sweet and salty; not too overwhelming in either direction. The syrup is not too sweet, which syrup can tend to be and the butter is very light!Pork Adobo Ribs - These are the kind of ribs that fall right off the bone! Packed full of flavor and even better when combined with that garlic rice that comes with it. Definitely a dish worth coming back for.Pork Sisig - A good dish if you like pork, but there's also a fish option. It comes in a cast iron skillet and is very hot. When mixed together, it has great texture and taste.Recommended Appetizers:-Spam Fries: such a simple thing, but actually something that I seem to love and get every time I come here. It comes with this banana ketchup that makes it twice as good. You would expect it to be really salty but actually it's pretty tasty!-Lumpiang: I always crave these spring rolls because they are just mini little mouthfuls of deliciousness. Just the right amount of crunch and filling. -Chicken Liang: this is a favorite of my friend because of the chips that come with it. It is like a chips and dip type of thing. -Shrimp Ajio: I always enjoy this because of the hint of spice and garlic that the soup is. The shrimp paired with the soup and the bread that comes with it is amazing! Another recommendation is getting this with some garlic rice as a entree.Definitely recommend visiting this place when you have the chance, but make reservations because they are usually packed!
#REVIEW#Everyone always talks about kamayan nights but you don't need a kamayan night for a great night.Although the table behind us was having such a "great" time, pffft you don't need that. (but get it if you can)For starters, our table had the sisig with garlic rice, delicious, this could be an main course. But my favorite was the puqui-puqui, something about that egg plant and cassava chip really did it for me.For noodles, we tried the Uni palabok. The entire table agreed that it was oddly cheese tasting without any cheese. It was delicious but just suspiciously creamy...Moving on to entrees, the kare kare oxtail was tender as can be. The bokchoy could've been cooked a little longer, bokchoy is one of the few veggies I like to be more overcooked then undercooked. The chicken waffles, now the waffles were out of this world especially with that syrup. That can be a dessert with a scoop of ice cream. The chicken I thought could've used a coating of some batter or corn starch to prevent the outside from drying out in the fry process. To end the night we had the flan and Ube cheesecake. Great end to a great night.
#REVIEW#I'm always down for Filipino food so when a friend recommended we try Maharlika to try the balut (fertilized duck egg), I was immediately intrigued. There are quite a few Filipino restaurants in East Village so it can be tough differentiating yourself but Maharlika does a great job with its topnotch drinks and balut offering.Cocktail - The Filipino Flash: Their award winning cocktail that came with a few light sprays of absinthe. The absinthe made it smell a bit strange but the taste was great. Surprisingly strong but the alcohol is perfectly covered by the pineapple and lemon mix (best mixer).Small Plate - Balut (Fertilized Duck Egg): I'm always down to try new things and have friends who absolutely love balut so I gave it a go. It was definitely interesting. The embryo + and the embryonic liquid (the squishy parts + the liquid) were alright and tasted like normal egg yolk. The egg white was extremely hard and almost inedible in my opinion. I left half uneaten because it felt like eating rubber. It needed lots and lots of salt to have any flavor. Wouldn't order again but worth trying at least once.Large Plate - Eggs Aguinaldo (Lemongrass Marinated Grilled Pork Belly): Good portion of pork belly, eggs, and sweet potato home fries. I love how filling Filipino food is. The pork belly was really hard though and mine had bits of bone in it, which made it hard to eat. Liked this dish but wouldn't order it again.
#REVIEW#3 starsThis is my 2nd time here a few years back. I was amazed the first time . This time, it was just meh...3.5 stars sisig- lacking lime flavor and red onions.And it's chopped up meat, not the traditional grilled meat pieces. 2 stars fried chicken w ube waffles...fried chicken was very dry,overcooked,tasteless.  Waffles was just ok , the coconut dip was fragrant and amazing.Crispy pata, 4 stars  .. it's the only dish that's actually hits the mark. Tasty, and crispy. It was devoured all the way to the bone.2.5 stars  Kate Kate. -. 2-3 small things pieces of oxtail was tough. They used green beans instead of sitaw. Some eggplant and a couple of small Shanghai bokchoyy. The sauce was very scanty lacking peanut and rice flour flavor. Bagoong tasted bad.
#REVIEW#This is my first experience with philippino food. And I loved it. Jeepney is their brother restaurant. With a copy of bill from here, I will get a free cocktail. I will visit that place shortly.There was couple of interesting sauces on the table. One was banana sauce, which is a substitute for ketchup, instead of tomato they used banana. Calamansi seasoning was also good. Flip'd chicken and waffle was really good. Chicken was crispy and flavorful. Ube waffle was good too. Pork sisig was served in a hot skillet. They crack open an egg on top of it. Egg will get cooked in the sizzling pan while eating. Garlic rice was served as a side for this. Garlic rice was very flavorful.
#REVIEW#This is my first time trying a Filipino restaurant so I wasn't quite sure what to expect when coming in here. I'll start with the food. I ordered lumpiang, sisig with garlic rice, and the adobo ribs.Lumpiang Shanghai (8/10) - The wrapper to meat ratio was good and the lumpiang was fried crispy without being too oily like some spring rolls I've had in the past. The pork was seasoned well and had a pretty good consistency to it. Sisig with Garlic Rice (6/10) - The flavor of this dish was decent but nothing really stood out to me. I also feel like the pork was not crispy like how it was presented in some of the pictures I've seen here. However, it did taste a lot better mixed in with the garlic rice. Pork Adobo Ribs (6/10) - I liked the acidity and sweetness in the ribs but I do think that the meat was too dry. It would have been better if the ribs were not overcooked. I'm also not really a fan of this style of preparing ribs where the sauce is watery. I feel that with a good sauce it should have a good consistency so that the ribs can have a solid coating of the sauce. I make something similar tasting to this at home except I make it with a glaze. But overall I was just disappointed that it was so dry. I really wanted to love this place after hearing all the good reviews. Maybe we just came on a bad day but I really expected flavorful and well cooked food especially for the price point. However I do need to mention that the hospitality here was very good, our waiter was very kind and professional.
#REVIEW#Stopped by here after my friend and I finished running a half marathon and decided to join the cutest little Filipino spot. Everything came out so quickly and flavorful. Best items on the menu:*  Flip'd chicken and waffles - batterless fried chicken with purple yam waffles and a caramelized coconut syrup* Eggs aguinaldo - marinated grilled pork belly + 2 fried eggs with home fries* Fish Sissig - scrambled fish hash with egg and garlic rice* Lumpia - Filipino spring rollsI just wish I would've had room for dessert.
#REVIEW#We found this gem by fluke and are so glad we did. Was surprised to find it so busy on a Thursday at 9 but we were fine with sitting at the bar. I had to get a Filipino food 101 from my friend as we decided what to order. We ended up getting the spam fries for our appy, fish of the day with some rice, sisig and kare kare for our mains. The food was absolutely delicious but the best part of the night were the staff. They were fun, friendly and just super genuine with the way they took care of their patrons.
#REVIEW#Ugh Maharlika hits the spot every time. I paid a visit while I was in town for the weekend and was so happy to be reunited with the oxtail (Kare Kare) dish!! Also found out that they do happy hour until 8pm EVERYDAY - this place just keeps getting better. Good thing we had drinks to occupy us because the food took probably 45 mins to come out and we only ordered 4 entrees. Seriously my only complaint about this place is the wait. Otherwise, I want to live here and eat oxtail all day!The Filipino Flash drink is a must. I also tried the pancit for the first time - light, flavorful, and filling, LOVED IT.
#REVIEW#This was my first time ever trying Filipino cuisine. I came here with a friend for brunch on a Saturday, and luckily you can make a reservation on yelp. It was a good thing we did because it was already packed at 12:30 PM and the place was actually a lot smaller than we had expected. We ordered dishes to share -- the sizzling sisig (pork), the eggs imelda, and a side of sausage. My favorite was the sisig. The skillet was smaller than we had imagined, but the portion ended up being perfect for us. The sisig comes with a bowl of garlic rice, which was DELICIOUS. The eggs imelda plate was a Filipino take on eggs benedict. I personally didn't find it as impressive. The pairing of the taro root leaves in coconut milk with the poached eggs seemed off, in my opinion. The prawns and fried yams were good, however. The side of the sausages was also great - a hint of tasty sweetness in each bite! I had originally planned to order the chicken & ube waffles, but based on various reviews, it seemed like a hit or miss dish. I decided not to risk it, but I saw that it was the most frequently ordered dish that day. Overall, this meal was a pleasant introduction to Filipino flavors and I'd recommend it as a nice brunch spot if you want something different from the traditional American brunch.
#REVIEW#Was looking for something I haven't tried yet and chanced upon this place. Fantastic cozy little spot! We got there right from it opened. My friend said we didn't need to rush as it's empty but it literally got crowded 10 minutes after we sat down, a good sign I'd say.Marhalika is the sister restaurant of jeepney and servers modern Filipino food. We ordered chicken and waffle, garlic fried rice and the ox tail.First, the chicken and waffle is an Asian take. It's a drumstick and thigh that is fried without batter (slightlyHealthier). The chicken itself was crispy in a good way, and the meat was juicy and not dried out. Chicken were of a decent size. The waffles were 4 triangle shaped ube waffle. The ube flavoring wasn't overpowering and it paired extremely well with the macapuno syrup (a mutant coconut from the Philippines). Quite a filling meal in itself.The garlic rice was simply tasty! Hints of garlic in every bite, but not overpowering to the point where you'd get garlic breath after. It's a good sized bowl and enough to share (we got the small as we each had a meal).The ox tail I only took a bite but it was good as well. They also have bottomless brunch that's $31 on weekends! They have around 8 drinks for that and you get an entree. Would definitely come back to try their adobo ribs!
#REVIEW#Finally tried Maharlika after many years of it being on my bucket list! I've been to Jeepney and love it there too. Three of us got seated right away on a Saturday around 1pm, but do make a reservation if you can, especially if you have a bigger party, as the space is small. We shared the classics: *Pandesal* Loved the macapuno and guava jam it came with. *Arroz caldo* Very comforting, especially on a rainy day, and we got three small bowls to share! Get this when you are sick. *Ube chicken and waffles* Another signature dish that didn't disappoint and it is definitely the most filling. I love the touch of the butter with anchovies. Enjoyed the chicken with banana sauce too. *Sisig with baboy (pork belly)* LOVE and love the garlic rice. Overall Maharlika and Jeepney have a special place in my heart for putting Filipino food on the map in NYC in innovative ways. Sometimes people who grew up with the food get confused at Filipino restaurants if you do something innovative, but that just shows how creative you can get with the food! Proud of Nicole and Miguel for their new book. Congrats on the continued success!
#REVIEW#Went here to celebrate a friend's birthday on a Friday night. This is a small, bustling space so make sure to make reservations. It is the sister restaurant of Jeepney and also specializes in Filipino food. When we first walked in there was an entire roast piglet and feast spread across the table in the front. I wasn't sure if Maharlika did those kind of feasts but apparently they do if you reserve ahead! While we didn't do that, it looked like a lot of fun (you get to use your hands and forgo the utensils!). Our group tried a number of dishes including the special of the day (fried pork belly), kare kare (oxtail - delicious peanut sauce), inihaw na pugita (grilled octopus), uni palobok (rice noodle with sea urchin and shrimp), and pampangan style sizzling sisig with pork. We were incredibly impressed by everything, I think my favorites were the fried pork belly and the sizzling sisig. We also tried a number of the drinks and were very pleased with the selection. Even though the place is quite busy, our server was attentive and made sure to keep our drinks filled!I think this place has a really fun atmosphere and really delicious food. Would definitely recommend if you're in East Village and in the mood for some Filipino food!
#REVIEW#Service could be better... Very disorganized... Server forgot to make cocktails and didnt even follow up... And still CHARGE it on the bill!!!
