#NAME#Little Collins
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/little-collins-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#coffee,breakfast_brunch,sandwiches#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I came here on a hot, sweltering day in Manhattan in search of a cold brew to 1) cool me off 2) wake me up after my food coma from lunch. This coffee shop was able to deliver. I loved the taste of my cold brew - it really hit the spot. The taste was very smooth - so delicious!Music was bumpin', and when you walk inside, you instantly feel cooler (in temperature, and in social status). The service was a little absent-minded, but speedy. I didn't get any food here, but the pictures and what everyone ordered around me looked amazing. $13 sandwiches though...kind of pricy, but perhaps worth it? Only next time will tell.
#REVIEW#I really wanted to like Little Collins. The shop is close to my workplace so it would have been a great lunch option. However, I thought that the food was overpriced for what it was and I also found a hair in my panna cotta. The panna cotta was in an enclosed container and the hair was actually set in the panna cotta which makes me feel like the food prep may be a little lacking in hygiene.I've been to the restaurant twice and appreciate that they have vegetarian options. I think that the food is okay but the sandwich and the panna cotta ran me more than $22 which is expensive especially since both items are pretty small.
#REVIEW#Finally! Little Collins has exceptional coffee with friendly staff. It's a very small but cute shop. We've been searching NYC for a place like this for over a month. This is the spot!
#REVIEW#I'm admittedly surprised at how high Little Collins is rated.It is indeed very cute and has great coffee (served with a small shortbread cookie that is delicious), but that's where it really ends for me.I came on a busy Sunday afternoon and managed to snag two seats by the window, but I did have to grab them like a hawk- it's almost a little too stressful. My husband and I ordered two cappuccinos, yet he had to go retrieve them from the counter himself which I found surprising, since our meals were brought directly to us. Another stress point- it's definitely not easy to carry two full-to-the-brim coffee mugs amidst the crowd, but alas he managed without a spill or someone knocking them over. For meals, we shared the Avocado Toast and the Big Dill. It was obvious both were very fresh, but there was nothing exceptional from a flavor delivery standpoint in either dish to warrant rating them more than just 'good'.Ultimately, I'd come back to get their coffee, ONLY to go, and would pass on their food.
#REVIEW#Cute little spot to get a quick bite for breakfast. We had The Big Dill and The Smash. Both dishes were delicious and good sized portions. The avocado was super fresh in The Smash and the combination of the dill with the eggs and salmon in The Big Dill was a nice touch. Besides their regular menu you can get croissants or plain banana bread if you want to grab something and go on your way to work.
#REVIEW#3Cute little cafe that's just way too packed during weekend lunch time. Takes awhile to get your coffee and breakfast/brunch item if you're ordering food too.Coffee is fine, but breakfast items are just not worth the price.If you're ordering bill dill, you're either really hungry or on the go and don't mind the price tag on it. If anything the miniature sized pick me up is probably your better move.I'd skip here and just grab your coffee and breakfast some place else.
#REVIEW#A fantastic small coffee shop in midtown. Overall: 4.5/5Food: 4.5/5Value: 5/5Service: 5/5Space: 4/5We had: the chicken and butternut squash salad, avocado toast, and the sweet uncle Fred (banana bread with ricotta, berries and granola). The chicken and squash salad is a standout!! We got it with the balsamic dressing and it's super good, with generous portions of tender chicken and soft squash. Not usually a fan of arugula but this was great. One of the best salads I've had. The sweet uncle Fred was quite rich but I liked how it was a pretty good balance between sweet and savory with the banana bread and the honey/ricotta topping. The avocado toast also had a nice kick from the pepper. The staff here are super nice! It's a small space, so kind of cramped and hard to maneuver about but well decorated and pleasant. Would recommend a visit!
#REVIEW#My Aussie friends had directed me to go to this cafe. I love the coffee from Australia so I was really excited to try it. Of course, we ended up getting flat whites and it was amazing!! It was a small, tight space so we took the coffee to go. I would definitely come back again & wouldn't mind trying the food.
#REVIEW#Great little coffee shop near Central Park. They also serve brunch dishes like Avocado Benedict and chorizo baked eggs. I got an Earl Grey tea with steamed almond milk and it was hot and tasty.
#REVIEW#Little Collin's is a small place in Midtown East where they serve Brekkie, brunch and coffee. I can't vouch for how it is on the weekdays, but it's a very small space with not enough room when it's very crowded on a Saturday for instance. I had ordered my food and was waiting for it. It was given to me while I was still standing up, and so we had to wait for another 10 minutes until someone had gotten up. I don't think I would come back only for this reason. I felt awkward trying to stand and eat avocado toast! Other than this, the food is very fresh. We had ordered the smash with salmon, which was very good. A little overkill with the pumpkin seeds but they were generous with the salmon! :)
#REVIEW#The short: one of my favorite coffee shops in NYC! The longer: this space is super tiny and this spot can get crowded, but it's worth the wait. There are a handful of barstools and high top tables, and it's close quarters, but the coffee and food are phenomenal.The food is great. I highly recommend the salmon toast & avocado toast. My friend had the banana French toast and loved it. And, when you dine in, you get a little shortbread treat with your coffee. They also do coffee & pastries to go. They serve quickly and all the staff are super nice! I highly highly recommend this spot. :)
#REVIEW#Service was good! We really enjoyed the drip coffee. The food has lots of bread, but that's not always a bad thing; just avoid certain items if you're trying to stay healthy. The avocado toast was great, and the fruits were very fresh! The eggs weren't all too bad. We didn't enjoy the fact that their was no ketchup. Cute little space on Lexington, you will enjoy if you like rustic spots. Customer service was better than most joints in the area!!!
#REVIEW#Crazy crowded at 2pm. The coffee is some of the vest coffee I've ever had. Pretty loud, so not a great study spot. Will come back if I ever need a pick me up. My caffe latte was 4.50 for a small so it was kind of on the pricier side.
#REVIEW#Busy little breakfast place, great coffee, delicious breakfast portions from avocado smash to "the muse" breakfast porridge.
#REVIEW#Tiny space, large crowds on weekends. Beautiful, healthy breakfast and brunch, but high prices!The salmon avocado benedict and the avocado smash were fresh and tasty. I found the toast to be rather difficult to eat, though. Too chewy and sometimes scraped the top of my mouth as I tried to eat it. Impossible to cut. The avocado was very good. However the $10-14+ prices for these were incredibly high in my opinion for a rather small serving size. The latte drinks the barista were making looked lovely. The drip coffee, not so good. Very watery.
#REVIEW#I would definitely recommend The smash which is an avocado toast with feta cheese inside and pumpkin seeds, a little bit spicy. It was literally awesome! I had a latte as well. It was so delicious. I would definitely recommend this place for coffee or breakfast!! And also The staff are so welcoming and friendly. I loved it!
#REVIEW#Came here for a brunch on new year's day 2019, thinking it might be a bit less crowded because of the holiday. It was our first time here, and in fact, still very busy. There is no table service here, and the seating is sparse. You pay at the counter and then if all seats are full, wait for a space to eat. On the day we came, it so happened that no one was finished eating by the time our food was ready, so the staff vacated the standing bar area for us, and we sat/stood there and ate. I had the muze (bircher muesli with labne and fruit) which was simple, but very delicious. The addition of labne made it more than filling, but I couldn't stop eating as it was so delicious. My husband had the breakfast sandwich, which he also enjoyed. Prices are decent, and the service is friendly and polite. While the food is good, i wouldn't recommend this place if it is out of the way. They also messed up a flat white order that we got to go - the flat white had a ton of milk foam, resembling a bad cappuccino. Overall, no other bad issues with our experience here.
#REVIEW#Cute Australian cafe. My friend and I dropped by to get avocado toast here. There's little to no seating space so expect to take it out on the go. The team here was super friendly and food and espresso were quality. The only thing was the egg (my favorite part of avo toast)! I asked for over easy but it wasn't as yolky as I hoped. But even so, it was delicious! It gets a bit crowded during the weekend and it's a cozy space. There will probably be a line but it filters through quickly.
#REVIEW#As Melbournites we thought it would be cute to visit this new coffee shop in NYC, while on our way to MOMA. We timed our arrival well as the queue was minimal. We both ate in. I had the charcoal chook and my wife the chicken schnitzel. The rolls they were on were both crispy and soft and moist. They also had the right amount of dressing for my taste as I hate sandwiches drowned in sauces. I finished my meal off with an espresso and an oatmeal cookie. The cookie was great, but I'm pretty sure ANZAC biscuits have only 4 ingredients and hazelnuts or maple syrup are not either of them. Still it was a good quick fast lunch.
#REVIEW#The smash is pretty good. The avocado is thick and creamy. I like the banana bread in the sweet uncle Fred. It's not too sweet and it has plenty of walnuts in it. The moca is smooth and not too sweet. The food in general is pretty good. Just it's a small place and not too many seating.
