#NAME#Per Se
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/per-se-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#This review is a bit late, but I thought I will finally finish it. We were In New York late last October 2018, and wanted to have an early birthday celebration for my daughter since she lives in NYC. I made reservations a few months in advance for this event.The dishes included the following:1. Oysters and Pearls - "Sabayon" of Pearl Tapioca - Island Creek Oysters and Regiis Ova Caviar - Delicious!2. Honeycrisp Apples "En Croute" with hearts of peach palm, radishes, walnuts, and truffle cream 3."Pastrami" of Hudson Valley Moulard Duck Foie Gras - medjool dates, Marcona almonds, celery branch and Greek yogurt4. Pacific Abalone "Poele" - ragout of pole beans, Montauk squid and Fra diavolo sauce5. Elysian Fields Farm "Carrle D'Agneau" - honey-poached cranberries, Japanese cauliflower, parsnip emulsion and Piedmont hazelnuts6. 100 Day Dry-Aged Snake River Farms Beef Rib-Eye - with bone marrow, spinach, pearl onions and steak sauce - tender and delicious7. Cookies for dessertWe also had shortbread cookies to take home in a pretty Per Se brushed nickel metallic box. The cookies were a perfect favor to enjoy later at home and a pleasant reminder of the delicious dinner.Everything was exquisitely prepared and the presentation was outstanding. Thoroughly enjoyed the birthday celebration and dining experience!
#REVIEW#This was my third visit and the best thus far. Everything from start to finish was perfect and the wine pairing went magnificently. It's always difficult to choose the favorites when you have so many courses but a few did stand out. I particularly enjoyed the langoustine etouffee. The flavoring was on point, as if I was in New Orleans, yet it looked like an entirely different dish. The iconic oysters and pearls are iconic for a reason, they were absolutely delicious. The steak three-way was also epic. How often do you have A5 wagyu, Dry aged, and coulotte all on one plate?Chef Mel hit it out of the ballpark on this one. It was a great birthday lunch. Definitely had nothing to complain about. Thank you.
#REVIEW#Well I'm not a "foodie" but this restaurant is INCREDIBLE!!!! The oyster&caviar was exquisite and perfectly portioned.The monkfish again was perfectly seasoned& panbread crusted. These are not items I would usually order but I was there for a medical function. The beef was served a little bit too rare for me but they took it back& returned it a little less red. It was perfectly soft& delicious.The dessert was a chocolate cake with ice cream & gold accents. Just a beautifully presented meal all around. The staff was gracious, fast and accomodating.
#REVIEW#Impeccable sums up my dining experiences at Per Se. My 5 star ratings are few and reserved for memorable, eventful, and lofty dining experiences. My encounters with Per Se have alway ended with a) would I return b) was it worth it c) is there room for improvement. Both a and b are a definite "YES" and c I really needed to stretch expectations to identify any flaws. So c ended up as "not really". Every visit has been worth the hefty price tag. The food is imaginative, artistically plated, and delightful to your palate. Service is top notch and the dining area, spacious. It may resemble a feeling of being on a cruise ship to nowhere (which I didn't mind). Bon appétit!
#REVIEW#After years of never seeing Per Se with availability, gave it a shot late one night a month in advance and saw a single opening at 1pm and ran with it.They use Tock instead of OpenTable for reservations. They require a $100 deposit per person to guarantee it. The Tock site had a few time-out problems and after 3 tries it eventually went through.We went with the Salon tasting menu, and it was a ton of food that couldn't finish and had to get to-go containers.The clear winners were:Wagyu certified level 5Black truffle pastaMontauk skate fishMaine lobster capelliniOysters and PearlsOutstanding presentation, service, and flavor. From start to finish they made the experience both memorable and enjoyable. Per Se and Le Bernardin are my 2 most favorite restaurants in all of NY.They hit the ball out of the park and when we left they gave us some take away items (biscuits and chocolates). The chocolates were absolutely amazing and could open a business selling them.
#REVIEW#Restaurants located 4th floor of the mall all the way in the back look for the blue doors right next to masaHonest review: foods good but not the best meal i ever had theres better places its between a 3-4 review. Ambiance its so pretty inside ask to sit by the windows its rite next to central pack. Service: was really good supper nice no complaints Food: dishes need texture/ desserts werent that good.  Menu on website not current. Just was expecting more flavor n a lot of the dishes were really subtle. Best things: OYSTERS AND PEARLS/ROYAL OSSETRA CAVIAR/Foie gras/ halibut/scallops/ quail/ short rib/ steak/ vegetarian cheese plate/ carrot cake mouse/ bon bons/birthday cakeAmuse buche tuna icecream cone: cute but not very flavorful fish was very fresh n the cone was crunchy. The pimento cheese cookie was delish. OYSTERS AND PEARLS" amazing was one of the beet things i ever ate. the sauce is supper decadent n flavorful. The caviar and the oyster add more richness.  make it a bigger portion n add crunch n if u add bread to eat up all the sauce it be perfect ROYAL OSSETRA CAVIAR* this was really flavorful. The components added a lot of flavor to the fish the fish was really fresh n the caviar added richness. The crunchy part was cute but it made a mess n was to brittle would have preferred something elseAsparagus salad: didnt like wasn't flavorful poppy seed bun was delish though Foie gras amazing. The foie was really good quality but needed more of the components like it was so flavorful just needed more / savory croissant was really buttery but not flavorful the poppy seed one tasted better. Halibut was delicious. The fish was cooked perfectly n was so flavorful loves the orange really added a wonderful flavor just put more love the greenery it added freshness just add something crunchyBread course wasn't flavorful. Just tastes like plain bread was pretty though n wish they did something unique to the butterScallops were delicious. The sauce was so flavorful n the ham added saltines n the peas added freshness to cut through the richness  just add something crunchyQuail was amazing.  so crunchy so flavorful n moist the sauce was really flavorful the potatoes added richness no complaints. Short rib was so tender n flavorful loved the spicy bbq sauce it was so good. Loved the other components too wouldnt change anything Steak was amazing supper flavorful the sauce was delish  the greens were good for cutting the richness. wish there was more sweetbread it tastes so good Vegetarian cheese plate: amazing. The balsamic was amazing. the cheese was amazing went perfectly with the other components. Issue was there needed to be more sweetness. N would have loved more candied nuts. The crepe was delicious just make it biggertruffle cheese plate was alright wasn't successful wasnt enough truffle n the cheese pairing combination didn't work together. Birthday cAke was amazing they need to put it on the regular menu it was moist crunchy n flavorful would have paid for it.rhubarb cake: i didnt like it was dry n there was a lot of conflicting flavors going onCarrot cake mouse. This was amazing loved the icecream had a wonderful carrot flavor the mouse or whatever was so good n theres crunch was perfectDonuts: these were good not great. Donuts were perfect texturely wish coffee mouse was thicker.  end of meal desserts: macaroons were delicious, the fudge was also really goodBon bons: these were amazing were better then the desserts. They need to mass produce these because i would love to eat them while im at workTake home desserts: the cookies were delish, the chocolate bar was to bitter.
#REVIEW#I'm a major foodie!!! Needkess to say when I learned about Per Se I had to check it out. Even though I love a variety of different kinds of restaurants - Michellin rated always grabs my attention a bit more.The ambiance was wonderful including the spacing between the tables and seating. You felt like you could have a private conversation at least where we were. Lighting was great too as well as the service. Service wasn't overly done or too invasive in between the different entrees. Food was out of this world amazing!So why the 4 stars??? The main Server was condescending and quite rude. When I ordered the foie gras as one of my dishes. He corrected me and told me I wasn't pronouncing it right. He then turned and laughed and told me how I'm supposed to say it. His demeanor was just wrong. I'm the one paying for a VERY expensive meal for me and a couple friends. So double the embarrassment since he made it a point to correct me in front of them. Thinking about it now makes me want to lower my rating by another star. However I won't because overall it was great and only had to deal with him at the beginning and that was pretty much about it. Would still recommend just next time I'll make sure to sit in someone else's section. Besides him everyone else was a pleasure to deal with and was an overall great night out.
#REVIEW#Truly disappointed. My expectations for per se were so high, and I left very disappointed.It was my boyfriend's dream to come visit Thomas Keller's per se in New York City. For our anniversary we decided to make the trip up to the city and book the tasting menu at per se. We also indicated that we wanted to reserve a wine pairing.We have dined at other three Michelin star restaurants and I must say this was the most disappointing wine pairing we have experienced. The wine was not picked specifically to pair with the food. Rather, we were just asked "what type of wine we like" and we were brought glasses that were supposed to match our food. I think the difference with a real wine pairing that was specifically hand picked for the food dishes, is that you experience something remarkable when you combine the flavors of the food + the wine. This experience was definitely below par for us. For the food itself: I feel like the tasting menu lacked creativity. When you spend the money to go to a three Michelin star restaurant and participate in a tasting menu you expect a level of surprise and wonder from the dishes. In our opinion these dishes were good, but nothing amazing and up to the caliber of expectation of a three Michelin star restaurant. The oysters and pearls were amazing. Definitely my favorite dish of the night. Everything else was okay. Really nothing special. I would suggest exploring other Michelin star options in the city.
#REVIEW#I've been trying to go to all the 3 Michelin stars in NYC and Per Se was admittedly one of the ones I wasn't too excited about after hearing that their menu stays pretty consistent and conventional. However, the food was pretty delicious (oysters and pearls are always amazing - clear why it's the most stable dish). The foie gras and the beef were also great. My favorite was coming here with a girlfriend to celebrate our birthday month and having an entire tray of desserts to each of us. The cappuccino semifreddo is aaaamazing. Yes, expensive, but worth the occasional splurge. They sent us home with a ton of goodies. So happy! Service was kind and polite but not as overly stuffy as I was scared of. And of course, the views overlooking Columbus Circle are incredible.
#REVIEW#A once in a lifetime thing to do if you have the opportunity. Or if you're fortunate enough to frequent often, you won't be disappointed. It is such a special experience-the staff is charming, they are extremely careful if you have allergies or dietary restrictions, nice touches are included if you are celebrating-or even if you're not. Service is impeccable.
#REVIEW#My fiance and I have gotten into the habit in the last few years of going to 2 and 3 star Michelin restaurants for more special occasions lately (birthdays, anniversaries, etc). My fiance treated me this time for my birthday.Per Se is located on the 4th floor of what is basically a mall at Columbus Circle. It's a bit weird, but whatever. What matters is the place itself - the ambiance, food, service, etc.When we walked in, we were greeted warmly and shown to a seat in the entry salon, which had a nice ambiance. I really liked the almost minimalist decor of the place. Turns out our table was ready ahead of time (we were early) and we were seated early.I forget what the very first dish was (not on our printed menu) but some mini ice cream cone looking thing with Salmon in it. Pretty good.* Oysters and Pearls: This had oysters with caviar on top - a rich Sabayon. Rich it was and this was one of my favorite things of the night.* Salad of Hawaiian Hearts of Peach Palm: Necarines, radishes, avocado mousse, etc. My fiance had most of this but what I had was solid.* "Pastrami" of Hudson Valley Moulard Duck Foie Gras: With stewed blueberries, fennel, greek yogurt, etc. This is $30 extra and it comes with 6 salts from around the world. A few from England, a few from Hawaii, one from Philippines, etc. The foie gras itself was great, and the salt definitely enhanced it with the crisp that was given. I ended up liking this a bit as the salts were all different. The ones from England had a floral note (to me at least) and it was pretty interesting. If you like Foie Gras, this is worth the extra $30, to me at least.* Montauk Silver Hake "Pierogi": Pierogi is in quotes because it's not like any piergi I've ever had and would never call it as such. It was more like a pastry and easy to cut into until the bottom. Overall, I've had similar tasting things at hole in the walls. That's not a bad thing, but this missed the mark.* Coconut-crusted Norwegian Langoustines: With pickled sweet carrots, poached sultanas (like raisins), and peanut satay sauce. I feel like they were really trying to make this into a legit SE Asian dish but it falls flat on its face. I guess maybe if you haven't been to a good SE Asian restaurant (aka get yourself out of Manhattan) or never been to SE Asia, you might think this is good. I've been to SE Asia and have friends from there do some homecooking for me. I know this is a 3 star Michelin place, but I've had better at 100 different hole in the wall places in Queens, Chicago, LA, etc than this. I'd recommend them scrapping this unless they want to continue to convincing people it's legit SE Asian flavors.* Bread and Butter: With smoked paprika in the middle. They really hyped this one up telling us it's a signature and how the butter was made from 10 different cows. I thought "Wow that's interesting. Must be good." It was passable and the butter tasted like regular butter. It was kudos to perfection, but there's no feeling here and I couldn't taste the paprika at all. Kudos for baking this so well, but hopefully there's more feeling inserted into this one.* Milk-Fed Yorkshire Porcelet: Shishito peppers and about 3 different preparations of peas. Cooked well, good flavor. I enjoyed it* Elysian Fields Farm Lamb: With artichokes, sungold tomatoes, creamed spinach, and moroccan olive jus. This was an above average cut of lamb. Not amazing, but solid.* Charcoal-grilled Miyazaki Wagyu: $100 extra. With asparagus and turnips. A solid piece of Wagyu that is cooked well. I enjoyed it, but is it worth $100 extra? Hell no. I was expecting something a lot better, and while it was a good piece of steak, I've had just as good if not better $40 steaks at steakhouses that were 2X the size. Again, it was good, but not $100 extra in a $300 dinner good.* "Gougere": With aged Gruyere and black winter truffles. I really enjoyed this one - good stuff.* Desserts: Many different types including a navel orange sherbet, coffee semifredo with donuts, lady finger, etc etc. They did a good job with these. I think the orange sherbet was fresh but tasted too much like what I grew up eating all the time at home. I still appreciate it though.* They had some "chocolates" at the end which came in many flavors. The insides were full of many different things. I'm sure these are hard to make and the ones we had were really interesting and delicious.The service was great and never had a hiccup. Our head waiter was very good and also personable at the end. We really enjoyed the service and it was fairly flawless and better than some other places we've been to that are rated in the same area.All in all, the menu was full of a few hits, a few misses, and a few a little above average type of dishes. I'd give the food more of a 3.5/5 but the service lifts up my overall to a 4. In the end, some great food but some dishes need more emotion if you know what I mean.
#REVIEW#I had a feeling that this place would be a disappointment from the moment they suggested we wait in the "garden", which to our confusion was not a garden at all but merely a hallway (sans foliage) leading to the dining room. Upon entering the dining room, we were confronted with an uninviting, stuffy ambiance. The tables are very close to each other, which made it difficult to hear yourself think, much less have a conversation. My friend and I ordered amaretto sours, which we sent back, and then got basic margaritas which were equally disappointing. Both drinks were oddly acidic, and tasted like fresh ingredients were not used. We got the vegetarian tasting menu while the rest of our party got the regular tasting menu. The presentation was extremely uncreative and did not complement the food. The vegetarian tasting menu was a disgrace to vegetables. The pea and peanut granita was extremely unappetizing, and neither of us finished it. Every other course was not memorable. The regular tasting menu consisted mostly of caviar and frois gras, which were a paltry attempt  at "fine dining". We all know that caviar and frois gras are expensive but you expect variety in a tasting menu and no one from our party was particularly satisfied. Overall, the flavor palette is totally off. The restrooms were pitch black, albeit nice. We had to use our iphone flashlights to see. The menu lacks creativity. Ambiance is a 0.Waste of four hours of my life, and waste of money. But to each their own ‍
#REVIEW#Came here for the chef's tasting menu and it was a fantastic dinner experience. The oysters and pearl dish was my favorite, and one of the best things I've tasted in my life. The black trumpet mushrooms and roasted ramps that were part of the halibut dish were both some of the most memorable parts of the dinner. The braised short rib was very good and paired with a perfect artichoke.There was a wide assortment of desserts that ranged from ice cream to chocolates and doughnuts. The doughnuts were my favorite, not too sweet and very soft and air-y.We opted for the regular menu with no supplements and just ordered drinks by the glass rather than the pairing. Their wine glasses (I believe are Zalto) are probably one of the best pieces of glass you'll ever hold. The per se tonic and gin was also great, I would highly recommend it.This is one of the best dining experiences in the world. No regrets here.
#REVIEW#Per Se is a really special beautiful experience.We visited mid-week as a celebration after I passed my board exam. What a perfect place to celebrate any big occasion. The restaurant exudes a true sense of grandeur in a really unassuming way. The view over Columbus Circle and Central Park as they serve the you welcome snacks really sets the scene for a NYC fine dining at its best. Per Se offers a set menu, with a few courses that had alternate options. Being there was two of us, we chose one traditional set menu and the other we tried each of the alternate offered courses so that we could try a little of everything they had to offer.Overall, I can't sing enough praises about the quality of service and the beauty of presentation. Highlights in the food realm for me was the truffle pasta (I have never seen such a generous coating of truffle in one dish - and I eat a lot of truffles!) and the chefs classic caviar dish.Would absolutely recommend for an occasion!
#REVIEW#I came here for the Under 30 lunch and it was one of the best meals I've ever had. I believe you can email the restaurant to be notified the next time they have this event (would highly recommend). Seating: You have the choice between sitting in the main dining room and lounge. We sat in the lounge but the seating was a bit low for my 6'0+ boyfriend and I noticed someone at the other table also hunched over his meal, so I would only recommend it if you're not too tall. That being said, we had perfect lounge seats right in front of a large window. ***Vegetarian ReviewI'm a particularly picky eater, but I enjoyed everything that I had during the lunch. Everything was flavored perfectly and had such a unique taste. It seems like a lot of money to pay for courses of vegetables, but I've never tasted vegetarian food like this elsewhere. I actually enjoyed the food here more than the vegetarian courses at EMP since I found that you could really taste all the individual ingredients here. The courses were refreshing and light so I managed to finish almost everything, even though I was struggling at the end. My boyfriend was just as full so I think there would be plenty of food for most. The usual tasting menu also comes with more courses if this is a concern.The service was amazing as would be expected from a restaurant of this caliber. The water cups were never empty and everything was served promptly. Thomas Keller himself also came around to greet each of the tables. We unfortunately weren't able to get a picture since everyone in the restaurant was trying to take a picture with him.I would definitely recommend visiting Per Se, especially emailing the restaurant to get notified for the next Under 30 lunch. I found myself nonstop smiling after the meal. Next stop, the French Laundry!
#REVIEW#My boyfriend had planned a birthday dinner for me at Per Se. We found parking fairly quickly just across from the shops. We arrived just on time for dinner and the experience began. They have an extensive wine list so I'd recommend having wine with dinner. I had the customized pre-fixe menu with some supplements. In the end, I realized the supplements were not necessary. Just stick to the options that are included in the pre-fix. You may think the portions are very small and you won't be full from the price but coming from a girl with a big appetite, you will be full. All the little plates add up. I barely had any room for desserts. The service is really courteous over here but everything does seem quite a bit out of personality except for one food runner who was very pleasant. Glad to know they were not all robots. When I thought the experience ends after the meal, it does not. They brought me over a new copy of my menu, adjusted with the supplements I had, signed by the chef. At the front desk, they had a little gift and some extra for me to take home for my birthday. Overall, I had a wonderful experience at Per Se. It  But this was definitely one of those one time thing. I probably won't return because I have had really good hearty meals at a fraction of the price.
#REVIEW#Another 3 Michelin-starred restaurant checked off the list!  Per Se has always been a bucket list item for me and after almost 8 years of living in the city I was blessed enough to be taken there.  Totally worth every penny!  I love places that focus on service, experience, AND present a creative meal and this place has all the bells and whistles.  I came for dinner and basically skipped lunch in preparation for this meal.First off, I couldn't even find the place because I don't usually have any business being on the 4th floor of TWC.  The ambience isn't ridiculously pretentious as you think it was, almost reminded me of an upscale hotel lobby for some reason, which could be offensive to their decorator.  I had a pedestal for my purse.Service was phenomenal.  Much better than some of the other 3-star places I've been to.  The waiters and waitresses acted like they'd been practicing their routines for years the way they were so in sync.  It was so crazy to the point where at one point during the dunner, my brioche had been sitting there about 2 minutes too long and they replaced it with a WARMER one so I could enjoy the "warm bread' - whaaaaaaat?  Mind blown.  The meal - well - without putting everyone to sleep, was simply delicious.  The complexity of the flavors to each dish outshine that of Eleven Madison Park.  There were smiles all around every first bite we took of every dish.  The truffle dish was an extra $125 and almost worth it just for the presentation itself - almost 30 seconds worth of someone shaving fresh winter truffle over my dish!  My favorite of the evening was definitely the oysters and pearls - caviar and oysters.... you really can't go wrong and this is one of Thomas Keller's signature dishes (as he also serves it at French Laundry, I'm told).  The dessert spread was jaw dropping as well.If you've been holding out because of the price, I'd run, not walk, your way over to Per Se for your next special occasion as it's an experience you won't forget for a while.
#REVIEW#KenScale: 8.75/10Back in 2016, Pete Wells of New York Times sent a shock wave through the culinary community with a two-star review of Per Se, a major demotion from its previous four-star status. Following that review, the venerable Thomas Keller who helmed the restaurant and the French Laundry in Napa Valley, California, quickly apologized with a note that he believes "we can do better for ourselves, our profession and most importantly our guests." Since then, Per Se's status in the culinary upper echelon has been shaky. Even while retaining three Michelin stars, in the latest World's Best Restaurants list of S. Pellegrino, it is not even listed in the top 50 of the world. So, is Per Se no longer the standard-bearer of New York's fine dining scene? At least anecdotally, my wife Jun and I have heard over the past few years from our friends who visited the restaurant that it is not worth all the money. Surprisingly, given how long we have both lived in NYC, neither of us has been to the restaurant before. Our second year anniversary was approaching soon, so I figured this would be a good time to evaluate Per Se for ourselves. So, is Per Se a bad restaurant? I highly dispute any notion that it is an average restaurant for we did have an outstanding meal together. The question we constantly asked ourselves was, was this dinner experience absolutely worth the money?The chef's tasting menu at Per Se is one of the most expensive in the city, at $355 per person. In order to book a seat, you have to put advance deposits at $100 per person. Even for our special occasion dinner, that financial proposition felt somewhat daunting at first. Still, there is no question that we immensely enjoyed many of the dishes from the menu, starting with the now iconic oysters and pearls dish with pearl tapioca, Island Creek oysters and caviar, followed by the Hawaiian heart of peach palm "bavarois" whose cold soup with radishes, ginger, avocado and "everything bagel" crisp was exquisitely balanced in its flavor with all the ingredients working together beautifully. Halibut is one of the go-to fish types at fine dining restaurants, and Per Se's version with "pommes rissoles" and "chowder sauce" would certainly belong right up there with the likes of Le Bernardin. One of our consensus favorite dishes was the slow-poached Scottish langoustine with koshihikari rice, broccoli florettes and "crème de crustaces"; the texture of this shellfish was simply breath-taking with a perfect level between crunchy and soft. I could not remember if I had encountered a chicken dish as delicately prepared as the "supreme de poularde" at Per Se, accompanied by white asparagus, California rhubarb and green garlic "pesto," and Jun constantly marveled at how the kitchen removed any gamey feel to the lamb dish with cauliflower "tabouleh" and roasted green almonds to give an absolutely moist texture to the meat. Based on our impression of all these outstanding dishes, were we ready to fully endorse Per Se as the best restaurant in NYC? That, we were not so sure. While the execution of the dishes was thoughtful and meticulous, having been to dozens of fine dining restaurants in our lives, we expected a little bit more spark of ingenuity here and there that we were not able to quite see. The menu's lack of accessibility, using all kinds of French jargons and quotation marks, also didn't help us with understanding what kind of culinary philosophy the kitchen was looking to showcase in its offerings. Lastly, the desserts lagged behind the savory dishes. Among the half dozen individual plates that came before us, the only dish that I would come back for was the delightful honey-oat ice cream whose depth of flavor was quite memorable.As noted above, you have to put advance deposits through Tock to secure a reservation. There is full bar with, not surprisingly, a very expansive list of expensive wines (although a bottle of red Chateauneuf-du-Pape slightly below $200 that we ordered for our dinner was absolutely delicious). The service, as you would expect from a fine dining restaurant in Manhattan, was very professional without overly stuffy. The ambiance of the dining room, overlooking the Columbus Circle, is comparable to other NYC institutions such as Eleven Madison Park. I certainly recommend trying Per Se if you haven't been yet before. Would I recommend the restaurant for multiple visits down the road? Jun said unequivocally she is not sure she will come back to pay for a meal at this price point even though she loved almost everything that she had eaten. Maybe I'll come back a few years down the road (assuming the menu has changed by then). Until then, Per Se is an excellent restaurant but not the game changer in New York's great dining scene.
#REVIEW#The Quintessence Of Perfection.  One of the great restaurants on Earth.  We just did a triple 61 birthday party in the small private room (my favorite room).  Michel is one of the very best sommeliers in the world.Chef Corey prepared a legendary dinner for our 9 guests -- worthy of the wine we drank (see photos).  This is a special occasion place and the small room is one of the greatest dinner party spots in NYC, America, and the world.  So can see full menu, photos of all wines, and comments at acmefoodwine.com
#REVIEW#I rarely write reviews because everything was within my expectation but just not this time.I was presented with this course (forgot the name of the cheese) and didn't like the taste after trying one tiny bite. The waiter just came by and asked whether we finished yet. I said unfortunately I don't like the taste of this course. He said nothing and took away the dish without furthering asking about my opinions.Seriously? I thought service is as important as the food and the ambiance of the restaurant, but obviously this time is not a good experience. I have NEVER EVER experienced this at other Michelin-starred French restaurants.Everything else was good, the food and the environment. Probably need some luck next time to avoid this careless waiter.
