#NAME#Momofuku Ssam Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/momofuku-ssam-bar-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch and ordered a bunch of things to share. Great location, great food. We ordered a bunch of things to share, and it definitely is the best way to go about eating at Momofuku Ssam Bar.We ordered the pork belly buns, because we heard they were famous. The pork belly buns were voted the least favorite of all of the dishes. They're pretty pricey and none of us at lunch found them to be particularly stand out. We ordered the hot chicken, the okonomiyaki, and the rice cakes and sausage. All three of the dishes were super delicious. They were hot, fresh, with super unique bold flavors. The hot chicken had a nice roasted smokey flavor to the hot sauce, but it wasn't excessively spicy. The rice cakes and sausage were a crowd favorite with the rice cakes having a nice crisp to them. The okonomiyaki was amazing and the crispy pork belly tied it all together. All of these dishes by themselves had really strong bold flavors, and it might be too much to all to eat the same dish the entire time-- definitely try to share!Great place - will be back to try the duck!
#REVIEW#I know this place use to be good BUT my experience tonight was less than. The greeting at the door by the host was awkward and weird. The first server that greeted us had great energy and spunk! For some reason a different server took over and the experience turned into less than again. The menu is tiny and less than. I'm totally down for minimal menu options BUT each dish has to be executed to perfection. We had the shrimp toast and it was good BUT tiny portion, the endive salad, it was ok. The ribs and burrata curry both failed. Four appetizer sized dishes and a bottle of wine $150......Nah! Chef Chang maybe it's time to get back into your kitchens and preach/teach the fundamentals of flavor.
#REVIEW#Incredible food and service. We came here for brunch and weeks later -- I still think about the blueberry skillet pancake that tasted like warm pudding. We also ordered: - Smoked fish Benedict (good but not memorable) - Rotisserie duck and avocado toast (worth it) - Bacon cornbread and burrata (didn't personally try it, but my friends thought it was incredible) - Shiitake buns (worth ordering but I've had better) Drinks: the Seven Spice Sour is a MUST if you like sake
#REVIEW#The rotisserie duck dinner here is awesome! The website recommends 3-6 diners for a whole duck. I gathered a group of 6, and without ordering any additional starters or sides, we thought it was a satiating amount of food (and there were 3 men and 3 women in the mix, in case you were wondering what appetite levels we're talking about here.)I was expecting an actual whole roasted duck, head and all, but of course it was already perfectly carved because we're not at a Chinese banquet restaurant here. You get a mix of juicy medium-well breast meat and confited leg meat. The duck was served on a bed of rice, with all kinds of raw vegetables like watercress and cilantro. I wished they were cooked vegetables, but whaddyagonnado.There were also a variety of different sauces, like hoisin and fried shallots in oil, and scallion pancakes.Personally I wish they would have served the sauces in two different bowls so we weren't all reaching towards the middle and dripping sauce everywhere.
#REVIEW#I came here yesterday evening for dinner at 7:00 p.m. with an advanced reservation and was seated promptly. As I was here on a dinner date (i.e. not with a large group of 6), I wasn't able to order any of the advance dishes Ssam bar is most well-known. However, that didn't stop me from having a great meal.We ordered the Montauk Scallops & Nebrodini, Maine Uni over Rice, Perigold Black Truffles & Fried Cauliflower, and Sizzling Flatiron with Mushrooms. Though this didn't seem like much food, on top of two cocktails each, we were both super full at the end of the meal. Of the dishes we ordered, the highlights were the fried cauliflower and flatiron. Cauliflower tends to get a lot of hate because of how flavorless it tends to be, but this was not the case at all with the preparation at Ssam Bar. The cauliflower was charred to perfection, and the bed of brown butter sauce it sits on is icing on the cake - so good! The flat iron steak is seasoned well - finished with maldon salt, and the shaoxing cream sauce it is served with is rich, and tangy (thanks to the kimchi) and quite unique. Overall, I was very satisfied with the food and drinks. For ~$200 out the door with tax and tip, this meal felt pretty affordable for a somewhat upscale restaurant in NYC.I would definitely come back to Ssam Bar again with a larger group so I can try out the larger dishes my next visit.
#REVIEW#Just had lunch here today. We sat outside waiting for the restaurant to open, along with another customer. They opened for lunch at 11:31. I noticed her take out the closed for business laminated sign. Instead of coming out to welcome us and let us know they are open, she did nothing. They could clearly see from the inside. When I walked in to use the restroom before we were seated, the other employee just stood against the wall without saying hello or a smile.  He just looked so unhappy being there.  Where do they get these people who work here?The food was fine. My partner ordered Duck Ssäm, which he loved.  I had the Brisket Okonomiyaki.  This dish was too strange. The brisket was very good, but not as part of Okonomiyaki. For me, service is so tied into my experience of a restaurant. There are so many other options. I would not come back.
#REVIEW#The bf and I went for a double date at the Ssam bar. All four of us are foodies and wanted to try the pork shoulder (please reserve in advance for rotisserie ruck or pork shoulder). The pork shoulder was fall-apart tender, given that it was cured overnight. The outside layer was a sweet salty crust and there were pieces of fat to make the whole experience just so much more degenerate. The Bo Ssam came with lettuce wrap, oysters, kimchi, scallion in a garlic oil and the ssam sauce. Basically, you wrap the meat with kimchi, scallion, ssam sauce and if you're feeling adventurous, you can add the oysters. It's a generous portion for 6, but we ate for at least 5. Worth. Every. Bite. We also tried the corn bread sour cream ice cream dessert. I wasn't impressed, nor was I disappointed.
#REVIEW#We were greeted and seated pretty quickly (I had a reservation. The food was good; ordered the mushroom bun (a little too acidic for my tastes), the special spicy sausage and Korean rice cake (I could only eat the pieces of cake without sausage...and they were super crispy, I liked it but there was too much sauce for my mom to enjoy it), and the shellfish and sambal (flavors were solid and not overpowering, the oyster was yummy but there were only 2, mussels were fine probably 4 in the bowl, best part was the grilled prawns, amazing). I am giving 3 stars because when we were ordering, I had my menu open for my mom (she had her own) but I was talking to her about something and the server just picked up my menu put it back in front of me, took my moms and then opened it in front of her....we knew there were two menus. I just felt like that was a little awkward? I don't know. Everything else was fine.
#REVIEW#5 stars for service. I came for a birthday dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the effort the waitress put into insuring I, the only vegan at the table, was happy while the rest of the party feasted on 10lbs of pork shoulder. As I understand it, the menu is constantly changing. The vegan/izable items when I was there were:- a shiitake mushroom bao, in a lettuce cup instead of a bun - beet and endive salad, without cheese- a rice cake entree in a creamy garlic oniony sauce. I didn't see this on the menu at all, so I'm glad the waitress knew I was vegan so she could tell me about it. The rice cakes were cut into mini marshmallow size pieces and were crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I found the flavor pretty basic, but really really loved the texture of rice cakes themselves. Note the cauliflower can not be made vegan and the kimchi contains fish. If you are vegetarian/vegan this is 100% not a restaurant you should choose to dine, but I think that's pretty obvious. Options are EXTREMELY limited and absolutely not worth the price. ($6 for a mushroom on lettuce?) However if you do come, let the restaurant know ahead of time of your dietary restrictions. They really do a great job of making it a pleasant experience.
#REVIEW#I'm not a big fan of Momofuku group, however, a quick brunch here was a pleasant surprise.We had Avocado Sandwich (with duck) and Spicy Pork with Rice Cakes - both were excellent. In particular, the texture of the rice cakes made the dish - worth trying if you haven't before.Will return for a low-key Sat brunch at the counter. We made a reservation for a later slot, but they accommodated us promptly. Overall, solid food and service.
#REVIEW#This was an amazing food experience! Our group of 7 came for lunch and reserved the prix-fixe Bo Ssäm which comes with a 10-lb pork butt, oysters, kimchi, rice, two dipping sauces (korean red bbq sauce and scallion oil) and butter lettuce. The oysters came out first but our waiter recommended to wait until everything came out so that you can experiment with all the flavors and create your perfect wrap. Oyster and pork may sound like a weird combination but the combo was surprisingly delicous. We also got pork bun appetizers and an endive beet salad which probably wasn't necessary because we had so much left over. I'd say this meal could have easily fed at least 10 people. They only serve a few of these per day so make sure to make a reservation well ahead of time.
#REVIEW#This was supposed to be highlight of my trip because famous chef David Chang opened this restaurant but turns out it's just decent at best. It's a bit on the pricey side but the dishes are small. None of the dishes really stands out and the fusion is just odd. Like the brisket, its like bbq but mixed with Korean pancakes. I mean the flavor is great but don't really go together. The duck reminds me of foie gras but on avocado toast. And the rice cake is drowned in mince sausage sauce like curry. Overall not bad but I just think it's a weird mix.
#REVIEW#Overall, a decent experience. Nice atmosphere, quick service, and decent food. However, the food is VERY oily, and definitely leaves you feeling pretty lethargic. My friend and I came for brunch on a Saturday around 1:45PM. We made a reservation, which seemed smart, since there were still a lot of people waiting even late into the afternoon. We ordered the pork belly buns and the fried potatoes and onions to start. I ordered the spicy pork sausage and rice cakes with egg (additional charge) and my friend ordered the ham and bacon cornbread and burrata. The pork belly buns were SOAKED in oil, the bun was almost disgusting. It's a nice taste (a bit salty) and the pork belly is a good consistency, but overall it was way too oily to be good. The fried potatoes and onions were quite simple but delicious. They come with a sweet, spicy sauce (almost like Sriracha) that really brings the onions and potatoes together. Strangely easy but delicious dish. The rice cakes that I ordered were very monotonous. The whole dish was just rice cakes in the sauce - I wish the dish came with rice or something. It's also a lot of rice cakes (which I guess is a good thing). The taste is pretty unique, almost like a curry taste, so it is quite good. However, it was also pretty oily and again it gets pretty boring pretty fast since you're literally just eating rice cakes in sauce. My friends cornbread dish looked very interesting. I tried a bit of the corn bread and it was quite good! The cornbread lies in a pan under what looks like prosciutto and burrata.Overall the dishes were good, but they were a bit much in terms of oil - so proceed at your own caution.
#REVIEW#This place was everything it was cracked up to be. We sat at the bar for a party of 2. The tartare was my absolute favorite. It doesn't look like much but the flavor was out of this world!! Highly recommend. The pork belly buns were amazing as well. The shrimp toast was just ok, I wouldn't Order this again. I would also skip the spicy rice cakes next time because it was very heavy in taste and the rice cakes were very heavy and filling. Pricey but so worth it
#REVIEW#Finally made it here for brunch, and we loved it just as much as we loved our dinner here. I got the spicy fried chicken, which I thought was nearly on par with the best I had in Nashville. My wife got the waffles, which were also excellent, although she was split on whether she'd get that or the pancake next time. We also split the fried potatoes and onions, which were outstanding. The only mistake we made is only coming with two -- this is a great spot to bring a group and order just about everything on the menu. IMO, one of the best restaurants in the city.
#REVIEW#I'm a little disappointed that we didn't have dinner here since it was all the rave but we got reservations for brunch. I'm told you can't get a seat here unless you're either alone or there's a last minute cancellation.The brunch menu is completely different and smaller than dinner but there were some good options. We ordered five different main dishes (see photos) along with some appetizers including steamed buns, fried potatoes and onions and beets and endives. Each were really good in it's own way. The steamed buns were the best for appetizers. Of the main dishes, I had the smoked fish Benedict which was the least favorite (too dry). The best main dish was the duck and avocado toast.I'm happy with the meal overall but brunch dining with a dinner price may be extreme. I'll pass on brunch but will return to try their dinner.
#REVIEW#Ssam Bar is a go-to restaurant in NYC if you haven't already been. And if you have, go again. The menu is always changing, they have totally different items for brunch, lunch, and dinner.In the past year, I've been to Ssam twice. Once for brunch, and once for dinner. Both times, it was an awesome experience from the ambiance, the service, and most importantly: the food.The brunch was super memorable with some unforgettable dishes. No longer on the menu was a seasonal grapefruit salad with Marcona almonds and vinaigrette. Still one of the most delicious salads I've ever had! Then, there was the avocado toast layered with the Ssam sausage stuffed rotisserie duck. So. GOOD. This is an awesome place to come for brunch, and I highly recommend!More recently, I stopped in for dinner with two of my friends. We had such a fun, glutinous experience! Some of my favorites were the shrimp toast, scallops with preserved lemon, rice cakes, and the banana leaf roasted skate. And for dessert.... both the coconut pie and skillet cornbread are a must!I've heard the fried chicken for lunch is insane. Can't wait to go back!
#REVIEW#Heard so many things about this place, and finally had the chance to try this spot during my trip to the big apple. We had a party of 7, so we had to make a reservation a month in advance and request that we wanted to order the full-sized duck. When we arrived, we were seated fairly quickly with our table all ready for us. Servers were great and gave us time to look through the menu while we were deciding on the dishes we wanted to order.Started off with some dranks, and I went with the old-fashioned. Nothing special about it, just your own classic old-fashioned drank. We ordered a bunch of different dishes: the spring white truffles & fries cauliflower, 28-day dry aged steak, the beloved whole rotisserie duck ssam, and many more! From my pictures, you can definitely tell we had a feast! I remember after we had our first order of cauliflower, we ordered another one because it was so good. The dry aged steak was also very delicious. Had a very nice sear on the outer face of the steak. The duck was on another level. I really liked how they brought it out to us first to show us what it looked before being cooked and chopped up. The way it was presented was nice as well. We were all overwhelmed with how big it was because we were already stuffed with everything else! Each slice of duck was wrapped perfectly in the assortment of items that was provided. Great experience over at Momofuku! I've had better food, but it was still very good over here. I would definitely recommend this spot and give this place a try. Just come in with no expectations and be open-minded haha.
#REVIEW#I came here with two of my friends for dinner. My friend reserved a table and we were seated once everyone arrived. The waitress was very informative, patient, and helpful in explaining the menu. What I love about this restaurant is the palette. The menu changes daily so there are so many dishes you will never try unless you come here all the time. There are so many different flavors which beautifully come together. The whole experience was an 8.5-9.0/10. My friend really wanted to try the rotisserie duck, but you need to reserve that so maybe next time... My favorite dish was definitely the sizzling Grilled FlatironWe started out by ordering from the Raw section of the menu: the Maine Uni over rice. It was filled with a variety of flavors. I am not used to the fine-dining experience so when I first saw the dish, I just thought "that's it?" That's when I realize uni is a delicacy. Then, we ordered from the Large section of the menu: the Grilled Flatiron. The waiter poured shaoxing cream sauce which caused the dish to sizzle. The beef was cooked and cut beautifully and the sauce made it all the more appetizing with the enoki mushrooms. The meat was very tender. 10/10 (I loved it!) Then came another dish from the Large section: Shellfish & Sambal. I thought the Sambal made the noodles very flavorful and spicy. The coconut flavor was very evident in the dish. The shrimps were huge and nicely cooked, though I was not a huge fan of the shrimp. I thought this dish was not incredible since there are definitely places that serve curry just as good, but way more affordable. Finally, we all decided to order a slice of coconut pie for each person. This pie was a wonderful surprise. When the pie slices came, we slowly stared at what was on our plate. When I think of coconut pie, I pictured a giant custard pie with white coconut cream on top. What we saw was a dark slice of coconut pie with coconut whipped cream on the side. I placed my spoon and took a piece of the coconut pie and smattered it with a small smear of coconut whipped cream. The slice of coconut pie was so well put together. Sweet and savory. I applaud! This is probably the best coconut pie I've ever tried (so far) in my life.
#REVIEW#Customer service was terrible here. When we asked about a certain item on the menu, the waitress made us feel dumb for not knowing what it was. Then when my friend ate a hot pepper from the rice cakes and had to get ice cream from across the street, she wasn't allowed back in with the ice cream. I understand that part, but all the workers would just look at her condescendingly and would be mumbling amongst each other about the incident. Felt very unwelcoming.
