#NAME#Cask Bar & Kitchen
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cask-bar-and-kitchen-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bars,newamerican,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I don't think I can make a dent here even with a 5 star review. All I'll say here is that I told my date "I've never had a 'favorite bar' but I think this may be it. Food, drinks, prices, staff, everything is good.I forgot beer selection!
#REVIEW#I work in this area and always pass by Cask on my way home. I found their happy hour menu online (4-7p; $8 cocktails, $7 wine, $6 beer) and was intrigued. This is an awesome space, it's very dark, has lots of little accent lights. The space is also much larger than the outside suggests and has another bar area downstairs - definitely good for happy hour in a group.The wine was good (I opted for Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay). And my co-worker said the watermelon cocktail she got was also delicious.They have classic bar food - we ordered fried pickles and then the beer cheese platter and both were good. But a bit salty. Which is why I'm giving this 4 stars.Overall, excellent happy hour spot.
#REVIEW#Went here with brunch reservations right as they opened. We were the first ones there but by the end of our meal, it had filled up everywhere except the bar, so I still recommend the reservations.Service was crazy attentive, they checked in regularly, and one of our waiters refused to ever let our water glasses be empty. We were served complimentary different flavored pastries first which were like little cake balls. Very good.I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and was very pleased that it had a ton of bacon. My burger was cooked just how I asked. It was very good. The fries were totally ordinary though. Also ordered a latte to start and that was very good and decently sized.The ambience is super cool and the entire restaurant, down to the bathrooms, is impeccably clean and designed.
#REVIEW#Came for brunch with a decent sized group. Food and drinks came out pretty fast. The drink options were different, my friend got vodka infused bacon. The champagne pitcher was enough for four and very tasted very fruity.The omelettes had big portions with a lot of potatoes. Unfortunately the bowl I got with cauliflower wasn't very filling or what I expected
#REVIEW#Cute place. Great friendly service. Good happy hour deals. But the beer battered fish tacos were slimy and gross. Disappointing.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch on a Suturday and not bad!! There was no wait at around noon for a party of 3 (unlike other brunch spots nearby) so of course we hopped on it. The inside has a super cozy/rustic vibe that I really digged!As for food, I would say pretty standard as far as brunch goes. What I liked was that they served complimentary mini muffins while you wait for you food (not amazing but hey, it's free!). We ordered the cheese steak spring rolls ($14) which were sooo deeelicious but ridiculously overpriced for 2 small rolls cut in half. I ordered the smoked salmon sandwhich ($15) which was meh..the bread wasn't even toasted :/ however, my 2 friends ordered the hangover sandwhich and that was massive and delicious!! Overall, while the menu items are definitely hit or miss, I'd still give cask another shot to try other things on the menu since I really enjoyed the service and atmosphere!
#REVIEW#Love this place! Have now been here twice and had equally great experiences. Quaint and quiet, with an ambiance set for a casual meal with friends or a date night out. There's also a reasonable amount of bar seating if you want a quick drink / bite to eat. The wait staff is polite and the service was quick. First came here for brunch. Had the smoked salmon sandwich and it was delicious, everyone else was satisfied with their dishes. The Cucumber Cooler champagne pitcher also hit the spot and was definitely a fan favorite. Next, came for dinner. Started with the cheese steak spring rolls, which are honestly out of this world and a must try. Albeit a small serving, but definitely worth every bite. Then had the bacon cheeseburger with fries, which was perfectly cooked. Also, the menu is really flexible, offering multiple vegetarian / healthy options and the veggie burger got a good review by my friend.If you're looking for a fairly casual, easy going vibe with a little bit of style and some bold flavors, this is definitely the spot for you!
#REVIEW#Came here before a movie the other day, didn't need a reservation which was nice. Normally when I come here for happy hour on Thursdays and Fridays it's packed! Happy hour is really good here - sangria is super sweet though I don't recommend. I ordered wine he ordered the Capital Hill which he really liked. We also ordered the lamb nachos  O M F G  sooooooo good. Always my staple for a quick happy hour, especially since I live right around the corner. Ambiance is cool too.
#REVIEW#Had a great Wednesday night meal at Cask.My friend had been here before so she recommended it for food and drinks when we were in the area.  It was the day after Christmas around 7:30 and it was busy, even on a day I expected restaurants and bars in Manhattan to be more empty than usual due to the holiday week. Luckily the lower table in the front was available - it is about the height of a coffee table so we had to bend down a little to eat. For drinks we started with the Great Gatsby (yum! I had 2 of these) and the Amigos Comeback (she thought it was too sweet).We decided to do a bunch of small plates so we could share. For reference there were 2 of us and had some food leftover - we would have been fine with one less dish:Crispy Brussels sprouts and Crispy potatoes were both amazing and great sized portions.  The BBQ pork flatbread was also a good portion - plenty of meat and comes with some salad on the side.  The pork was tender and flavorful.  I think it would have been better with less sauce. The pork itself didn't need a lot of sauce and the sauce made the dish as a whole a little salty. The three dishes above alone would have been enough for a satisfying meal, but our server said we may want one more so we ordered the fried chicken sliders.  This was the only dish we didn't find "exciting". The fried chicken itself was good but I didn't really taste the remoulade  . We both agreed we could've done without this dish and would've been plenty satisfied.
#REVIEW#Was not too bad. We were there as a family, looking for a nice quiet place for dinner. Looks like it'd be a good place for groups to hang out. Maybe happy hour?Food was pretty good. Waitstaff was good. Water guy was a little overprotective of our water glasses going below half full; he was just a little overzealous, but I guess better that than nobody at all. Front bar area looked fun. Mets game was on so we, being baseball fans, watched from a distance. May go again someday if it's just the wife and me; no teens. TBD.
#REVIEW#Loved that this place was decorated for Christmas and the holidays! The restaurant had a cozy feel to it. There is a bar when you first walk in and tables with chairs further back. There is also an additional bar and more tables downstairs.The drinks that we had were fantastic, but pricey. Most of the cocktails on their menu are $14. For weekdays, I suggest waiting for the happy hour to start at 3pm. The blood orange jalapeño margarita is on the happy hour menu for $8 (instead of $14). The blood orange jalapeño margarita was not overly spicy and had a great flavor of the jalapeño mixed slightly blood orange taste. I also had the amigos comeback which was tequila, triple sec, fresh pureed cucumber juice, and lime. This drink was great as well. I ordered the avocado BLT ($14). It came on a perfectly toasted country bread similar to sourdough with crispy bacon, avocado, tomato, lettuce, and an aioli. The portion was perfect for lunch. It also came with potato chips. The sandwich was delicious and I would order it again. Cask Bar + Kitchen's brunch on the weekends looks really appealing and I am interested in trying it out. Overall, I really enjoyed the food, drinks, and ambiance of this place. My only compliant of this place is the price of their drinks, but if you go during happy hour then its more reasonable!
#REVIEW#Have always wanted to try this place and finally had the opportunity to stop by for dinner on a Wednesday night. We called ahead for a walk in reservation for two around 7PM and were told the wait would be about an hour. When we walked in at 8 we were promptly seated in the downstairs area. SETTING: The first floor bar area was busy as was the restaurant. It's a dimly lit large space with a narrow bar area when you enter and an two-step elevated dining room in the back. Downstairs is the "cellar" area with another bar and a good amount of tables/booths. Mostly couples and groups of friends on a Wednesday night. When we left around 10PM, the upstairs was even busier with every seat taken at the bar.FOOD: really wish I had better to report but just not great and disappointing overall. We ordered the fried pickles, cheese steak spring rolls, bacon cheeseburger and salmon. The fried pickles were served with spicy mayo and were nicely crispy on the outside but too doughy. The cheese steak rolls were not good at all, we didn't even finish this dish and we were really hungry. No cheese in sight and the steak was over cooked and very very dry. The salmon was okay but again... not great. Just very very bland and not well-seasoned at all. We put a ton of salt and pepper on it to give it even a hint of flavor but ended up eating maybe half. The bacon cheeseburger was also not bad. Well cooked and the bacon was delicious, very nice and crispy. At the end of the day though, it's hard to go wrong with a bacon cheeseburger and it didn't make up in flavor for any of the other dishes we ordered.SERVICE: The bartender (who also was the waitress for the entire downstairs area, which was packed with most seats at the bar taken as well as the tables) was excellent. She managed to make everyone's drinks, continue to take orders and promptly serve everyone the entire time we were there. Really great. The drinks though (at least the Brooklyn Garden which is basically just a G&T and the Amigos Comeback which was pretty sweet) were just okay. VERDICT: A good vibe / setting to go grab drinks quickly or stop by if you're in the area with nothing else to do but get one drink. I would not come back here for the food.
#REVIEW#I look forward to coming again! My friends and I arrived for brunch in a party of 6. They were able to seat us pretty quickly but we were there shortly after opening on a Sunday morning. I don't think we would've had the same luck with a party our size at a busier time. Best to come here with 2-4 people! Despite the two levels, it's cozy and gets full fastHighly recommend the Rosé Sangria pitcher! There's a hint of lychee making it satisfyingly sweet. Honestly, everything we ordered on the brunch menu tasted great. the only food we didn't like were the muffins on the table when we arrived.I can't give Cask 5 stars because we also were turned off by the wait staff who was condescending towards us more than once. The food and drinks are my reasons to go again! Definitely a highlight in a trip to manhattan
#REVIEW#Sadly I can only comment on their happy hour cocktails and the ambiance as I have yet to eat here, but I was very pleased nonetheless. From 3-7pm they do happy hour which includes $8 cocktails, $7 wine and $5 beers. I had their spicy blood orange margarita which was excellent, and I was definitely feeling it after three of them! It's a really cute place for a date, there's ample room at the bar and the back area has a few cute, comfortable tables. Overall vibe is warm, friendly, fun, and chill. The downstairs also has a separate bar with a few tables. If you're looking for a quieter vibe, head downstairs. The place wasn't super crowded when we arrived (5:30 pm) and we were easily able to grab seats at the bar, but I imagine it can get very crowded come 7/8pm. I would definitely come back.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch on a Saturday morning and got seated right away without reservations! The ambience is super cool, and our waitress was very friendly and accommodating. They gave free corn bread muffins in the beginning which were really good. We split the truffle Mac n cheese as an appetizer and it was good, but it was TINY for the price. I got the chicken & waffles and it was pretty good, but I've definitely had better chicken & waffles. My friend got eggs Benedict and she wasn't a big fan... she said it was mediocre and lacked flavor, didn't have much sauce, and the poached eggs were harder than she wanted them to be. Overall it wasn't amazing, but it definitely wasn't terrible. The service was prompt and friendly, I would probably give 4 stars for service. The 3 stars applies to the food quality {and quantity for the truffle Mac}
#REVIEW#I went here on a Wednesday night to meet a friend from college. I loved the decor and the lighting was low with candles. There was a communal picnic style table, which I'm usually not fond of- but the spaces in between parties were very spaced out. So I loved it!We had a guy named Michael taking our order. He was excellent and fun .We got the chicken wings, which were good.....steak spring rolls, which were AMAZING.... and the Brussels sprouts, that were very good but heavy. I ordered a white sangria which I was disappointed with, which is why I gave 4 stars. On the drink list it said "homemade" ...which I always get excited about. But I was saddened when it was brought out and was just sweet wine with an added lime, orange, and ice. Booooo
#REVIEW#I went during lunch time. It wasn't too busy at all. First thing I had a problem with was that there should have been a sign at the door saying their fryer was broken because it took away quite a few things from their menu.Went with a group of 7 of us. Waitress was attentive. Food just took forever. We had our drinks immediately. Constantly with water at the table. Wait a bit long for appetizers and then finished that and still waited longer for our entree.Food was definitely good. I would say their dinner menu is a better option. Also, if the fryer was working even more to choose from. Lunch portions were good. No real deals for lunch prices.I probably wouldn't go again.
#REVIEW#Enjoyed happy hour- blood orange jalapeño margarita was very delicious- not too spicy. Had the Brussels sprouts and ahi tuna- really good! I will be happy to go back again for happy hour
#REVIEW#Great ambiance, food, and service! There's plenty of seating and while it was packed for Wednesday dinner, it was still possible to easily talk among friends. Fish and chips: my friends loved it Bacon burger: also well received Salmon: I asked for it medium rare/rare and like most places, they didn't get the cook correct. However, it was delicious nonetheless and the portion was huge! I feel like I could have split it into 2 meals.
#REVIEW#I just had Sunday brunch with my friends and my husband at this restaurant and I absolutely loved (almost) everything about it! Not only were the prices very reasonable (about $10-15 a plate for HUGE entrees), the place was nearly empty at 12 noon. (Although it ended up being far more crowded around 1 pm). I would definitely go back!Pros:-Very nice looking restaurant, with decently spacious seating and a very nice, clean bathroom.-They gave us an AMAZING little muffin basket to munch on for free while we waited for our food. It was one of the best bread baskets I've ever had -- so incredibly sweet, soft, and tasty!-Great service -- waitress and bussers were very attentive about bringing us water, our bill, refills of all kinds, etc.-Fantastic food -- I highly recommend the hangover sandwich -- so tasty and filling! -- and the GIANT platter of amazing blueberry pancakes. Those alone were worth the price of admission -- they were so fluffy, soft, and delicious!Cons:-I wish the nutella french toast had more, well, nutella on it. The top part had a huge layer but the bottom pieces of toast had very little. So that felt unbalanced, although the dish was still good.Overall, I loved my visit here and would definitely come back in the future!
