#NAME#The NoMad Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-nomad-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,newamerican,gastropubs#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Another raving review for the Foie Gras Truffle gorgeous whole ChickenIncredible. Also - "Uni Tacos" appetizer for 2 ($52) : Little Nori Crepes, edible flowers, meyer lemon, and and very sweet small Uni. (I thought they might be Japanese uni due to the size and sweetness)A lively experience and an eye watering bill :-)
#REVIEW#Nice rich fabrics, & a bit decadent space, although I personally prefer more minimal . The banquets with the large pillows can also be odd if your on the short side.  Still we returned for the best chicken in the city ( yes you pay for it ) . We sat around in Barbuto having the best simple chicken in the city the week before it closed  realizing we all agreed NoMad also had one of the most memorable dishes any of us ever had and certainly the best chicken.The chicken with truffle  and Foi Grois for 2  is not the dish I normally would order . But DO!!!  I call it buttery perfection
#REVIEW#A wonderful way to cap off an evening (after enjoying the Magician, upstairs) and the service was impeccable. Our server was polite, checked-in just enough and was kind enough to slow down our next course (as we were catching-up, and taking our time with the food).The standouts were the carrot tartare - surprising and very delicious (who knew?), the duck and the milk & honey dessert. Beautifully plated dishes, an elegant ambiance and impeccable food. It's upscale and can be a touch on the pricey side, but if you're up for the splurge, this restaurant will not disappoint.
#REVIEW#If it's your first time here you have to get their signature roast chicken. It was fantastic. It was cooked to perfection with tender meat, crispy skin, and tons of flavor. I love love loved all the rich flavor from the foie gras and truffle. Scallops were delicious and cooked perfectly. highly recommend this dish.The pasta on the appetizer menu was a small portion but was actually perfect because it was so rich that you wouldn't want to eat a whole bowl of the pasta. It was kind of like a ravioli stuffed with a really rich cheese. Cocktails were some of the best I've ever had in New York.Service was also spectacular. Our server was attentive and friendly and gave great food and drink recommendations. If you're not sure what drink to get you can tell them what flavors you like and they'll make a recommendation.The decor and ambience were also beautiful. A great place for date night.
#REVIEW#The NomMad's signature Chicken for Two certainly lived up to its reputation. It's one of the juiciest and most well prepared chicken  I have ever eaten in my life! The chicken was cooked to perfection and stuffed with foie gras under the skin. After the whole chicken was cooked, the server brought it to the table to present it in its entirety, allowing you to marvel at all its beauty. Then the server took it back to the kitchen where the chef artistically prepared it in three different ways. One nice touch was that they present you the wish bone at the end of your meal.As amazing as the chicken was, it was the Milk and Honey dessert that won me over. The flavor and texture complement each other so well where it just explodes and then melts away in your mouth. It is unlike anything I have ever eaten before. It was definitely the highlight of my meal and I was glad I was able to end it on a high note.
#REVIEW#Upscale and classy atmosphere! Would be a place for a business meeting to impress, but the food is so-so.  Comes out with a nice loaf of warm bread and the crudo was great. However, the rest of the dishes were pretty average.
#REVIEW#Five years have past since I've last been to the NoMad Restaurant. It's still incredibly difficult to get a reservation* and it looks like the prices have increased substantially. The food is still elegant and delicious. It looks like the menu has scant changed in almost half a decade [yeesh]. There's still a romantic and exclusive feel to the restaurant. Dark hues abound in the furniture and wall decor. The dim lighting and antique-y light fixtures make it feel like a library sprung up in the middle of medieval France. The hospitality is still top notch, where nothing is overlooked, no need is unmet. They even fold the napkin when you leave the table. They scrape the crumbs from the table you undoubtedly leave after devouring the rosemary, potato, mushroom focaccia bread [complimentary, though I think they could make a killing if they started charging for it...but don't].Most importantly, it's still expensive for the average Joe or Jane trying to make it in New York City.TLDR: My friend and I dined at the Nomad restaurant last night, where we sat in the main dining room [tons of natural lighting if you're there at 5PM!] We both started with cocktails. I had the Loisaida Avenue [$17] which is made with jalapeño infused tequila. It's not spicy as one would think, it's actually on the sweeter side, and it's delicious. This is definitely an upscale margarita, sans the salt rim. We got two loaves of the focaccia bread because one just won't do, it's that's amazing. Sure, I felt a little embarrassed asking for the second one, but the heart wants what it wants. I started with Egg [$30] which is a perfectly yellow sunny side up egg in the middle of the plate. It's accompanied by broccoli, garlic, and a type of ground up pork, almost like pancetta. The egg oozes beautifully into the rest of the dish when you break apart the yoke. I felt that the dish could have used a little more salt, maybe a sprinkle of sea salt on the egg yoke? Of course we shared the Whole Roasted Chicken for Two.  [$98]. It's as delicious and as incredible as I remember. The white meat is magically moist while the skin is dark and crispy. The layer of foie gras, truffle, and brioche under the skin adds a bit of interest to chicken breast, which is otherwise just standard, almost as if it's a vessel for a perfect Thanksgiving dinner. The white asparagus on the side pales in comparison, as does the dark meat and frisée salad they serve alongside the rest of the butchered bird. The woman at the table next to us committed a hate crime when she scraped the skin and the foie gras, truffle, and brioche stuffing off the chicken breast. She just left it there in a pile on her plate. I digress.Dessert was delicious. I had Coffee [$17] paired with a Niepoort glass of port wine [$11]. The coffee granita tastes as if you're eating solidified iced coffee. The vanilla ice cream and the coffee/chocolate brittle was to die for. The brittle itself was chocolatey and deeply satisfying. All of this paired with the fruity port was a home run. The bill was an eye opening $256, before tax and tip. Mind you, this is with two cocktails, two glasses of port, two appetizers, the chicken, and two desserts.Would I return? Maybe I'd dine at the bar for that Milk & Honey dessert I had almost 5 years ago. But I don't know that I need another extravagant meal here. _____________You're best off booking a month in advance, when the reservation book opens, especially for a weekend dinner.
#REVIEW#There is a lot to like here at the Nomad. The menu is chock full of interesting and exciting options, the house made bread (focaccia) could have been a meal and the staff was very pleasant. On the negative side the tables were bottom heavy causing me to snag my foot multiple times during dinner. The pricing was also a touch on the high side. I'm never averse to paying for food, but this felt like more than was needed. My Snap Pea Salad was very different. The pea pod was cut julienne and mixed with a citric dressing, pancetta and pecorino. Between courses, the house delivered a Smoked Sturgeon Coddled Egg. It was killer. Smoky salty and delicate. The entree was Buttered Cod seared and served with Turnips prepared multiple ways, mashed, sliced and smoked. The turnips were crazy good and the fish was brittle on the outside and tender inside. I'd definitely return to NoMad and suggest you might try it, but do a quick review of the menu online to determine if the cost is where you're comfortable.
#REVIEW#My friend the debonair doctor from downtown and I finally came here for the special chicken after planning this for over 9 months.  The NoMad Restaurant is located at the NoMad Hotel (which reminds me of the Continental from the John Wick movies). Daniel Humm (of Eleven Madison Park fame, located across the park) is the executive chef. We shared the roast chicken with Foie Gras and Black Truffles for 2 ($95). Its presented table-side in the sizzling cast iron platter. Its a real head-turner in the dining room. It's taken back for presentation. The chicken breast is served with skin, and is succulent.  The melted Foie Gras is thinly spread under the skin with black truffles.  Exceptional!The dark meat is shredded and sautéd with stock till it's reduced to a rich, savory sauce. I believe they splash some hollandaise over the dark meat. Probably the best chicken I've ever experienced!Service is outstanding, knowledgeable and helpful. Never intrusive. The drinks are world class (I had a negroni).Setting dark and luxurious, with a charming central courtyard with high ceilings and a glass greenhouse. Side tables have warm drapes separating the space. Most diners were smartly attired. Reservations during peak times are highly recommended.
#REVIEW#Food was amazing and so was service. My wife and I had an 830 PM reservation in a Saturday evening. We were seated closer to 845 which I thought was slightly odd for a restaurant of this caliber but at the end of the day, it wasn't a big deal. Like most, we got the whole chicken and it was amazing as was everything else we ate. Our server was very knowledgeable and made it a great experience. The bar area was very busy and lively as expected but we sat in the dining room area which was much quieter and intimate. I had a great time and loved the food.
#REVIEW#I've been to NoMad for dinner a couple of times and the chicken for two has lived up to the hype for me both times. However, I think the most underrated aspect of the restaurant is weekend brunch! I've taken friends and family loads of times to the NoMad for brunch, because it's such a good deal, relative to its dinner prices. The dining area looks even prettier in the sunlight (get a seat in the main room underneath the skylight!), and the vibe is more relaxed. I always get the chicken sandwich ($29) and normally split it with my fiancé with a side of fries (it's a huge portion) although I've also managed to finish the chicken sandwich by myself too. The chicken is also prepared with foie gras and black truffles, like the dinner version, and is served on brioche. It also comes with a small side salad with the fried skin cracklings.
#REVIEW#This review is for brunch.I dream of NoMad's avocado toast.  It is the creme de la creme of avocado toast.  On a delicious multigrain toast with thinly sliced radishes and perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs (yolks still a little bit runny so you don't get that pasty dry taste of an overcooked egg).  Hard to identify the seasonings but it has a nice citrus bite. I have had the avocado toast in NoMad's Las Vegas restaurant.  (Yes, I am that boring to order the same thing every time, but when you've attained perfection, why deviate?)  I would say it's just as good, except it's in Las Vegas and not New York and the restaurant isn't as nice a setting. The last time I went, my brunch companion had an egg sandwich with a homemade English muffin, potatoes, and duck sausage.  He gave it a thumbs up.  I'm sure they do everything well here.  These guys know what they are doing. The restaurant has that hipsterized old timey feel.  Brunch is in the atrium with a view of the sky surrounded by red brick walls.  Hotel guests and New Yorkers nursing hangovers.  (Am I projecting? Hmm.) Spacious seating.  Feels very New York.
#REVIEW#Not as good as expected per the reviews. 3 stars for the food plus 1 for environment and service. Very nice glass covered garden which is perfect for a coffee/tea and chat with friends or biz partners in the afternoon. However the food is definitely not to the par of similar restaurants at the same price point or even lower. We went specifically for the roasted chicken. The presentation is cool, but chicken either lack flavor or too salty for me. Also couldn't taste the truffle. The duck is tasty and I like the sauce but a bit undercooked than I expected. I like it to be well done. The waiter should have asked if customer can accept blood seen on duck. It's better comparing to the chicken though.I wouldn't come here again for food.
#REVIEW#I came here for dinner yesterday with my family for my dad's birthday. This was our first time at this restaurant. We had a reservation for 5:45pm and we were seated promptly upon arrival. The restaurant has a romantic ambiance and good for a date night or special occasion. We loved our server, Ross. He was so energetic and enthusiastic as he described the menu items we had questions about. At first, we were given a sweet potato and rosemary flat bread. For starters, we had the prawns, radicchio salad and the kabocha squash. All three dishes were delicious and full of flavor. For our entrees, we had the Chicken for 2, lobster, and mushroom. The whole chicken was brought to the table before it was sliced and the finishing touches were added. The chicken was served 3 different ways with the breasts, thighs, and wings. Again, all three dishes blew us away. Even though we were full, we still found a way to fit in dessert. We shared the Milk and Honey and Chocolate. The Milk and Honey was light and the Chocolate was decadent. It was a great way to end a great meal.Here is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars. About mid way through our meal,we had a group of 4 guys seated next to us. They were very loud and obnoxious and at times, using inappropriate language. It would have been nice if someone had told them to keep their voices down out of respect for the other diners. Besides this little bump, I would come back here for another special occasion or date night.
#REVIEW#I enjoyed my meal at NoMad, but it didn't knock my socks off. I stayed at the hotel the past week (enjoyed my stay there). The restaurant was very busy on a Thursday night, we were sat by the door and cold wind kept blowing in. I ordered the white truffle (I'm a sucker for white truffle when in season). The pasta was done nicely. I also ordered the sea urchin appetizer. For a Michelin stared restaurant, I was expecting more. I also found The service was a little apathetic. In summery, it fell short of the experience I was expecting
#REVIEW#Slow but friendly service, some dishes were good but would skip the overrated Chicken for 2. Love the ambiance and lighting and would be perfect for a night out or work dinner. The milk and honey ice cream was good but may be too sweet for some - I have a high tolerance for sweets so it was just right for me. Truffle flatbread was a good sharing dish to nibble on while drinking wine. The squash reminds you of the fall and while the portion is small, the flavor was a sweet and salty buttery concoction. Our favorite was the duck - crispy skin, tender, and evenly cooked. Not too overwhelming as a meat dish.
#REVIEW#Big fan of The NoMad. With it's sultry and swanky atmosphere, fantastic service (Frank is awesome), and delicious burger (great fries too), we had a fantastic time dining here.Their burger, as noted above, was delicious and likely made it into my top 10. It's pretty small in stature, but gargantuan in flavor. The complimentary bread with roasted garlic and garbanzo beans was really good and a great way to start. My only criticism and what prevents this from being 5 stars for me is that while the cocktails were good, they were not $17 a piece good. I've had $10 cocktails that had more depth and nuance to them than these did so that's my only real knock.I will definitely stop in here again and most likely will do their famous roasted truffle chicken next time, as well as a repeat of the burger.
#REVIEW#Lunch today, noon, table for one. Busy, mostly reservations. No problemo! They say me in a prime 2 top location. 20 minutes later there were no tables available. I ordered the chicken burger after much agonizing. The menu has gorgeous choices. They brought out a fantastic garlic potato (?) flatbread first. Totally unexpected. I took that baby home!So, how can a CHICKEN burger be 'all that'? I have no idea. But it was. It totally was. I made no special requests considering this dish really needs to be enjoyed as designed. The fries were excellent. Everything beautifully presented, great service. Interesting conversations to eavesdrop on. People from Italy on one side, people from Africa on the other. Great people watching, in general.UPDATE: I got home to discover they gave me a new/whole loaf of bread!!! Wow!
#REVIEW#The meal was a little pricey but tasty, great service with a beautiful ambiance. Be prepared to spend a few shekels, but your getting a high quality meal and a great vibe.
#REVIEW#Had dinner with the girls here recently. I've only veen at the bar in the past for food and drinks and it did not disappoint. This time was no exception either. Our group of four started with a round of cocktails. Need I remind myself that their cocktails have ALWAYS in all ways been excellent. They use fresh ingredients and good quality liquor. The result is a very well made cocktail. It doesn't matter what you order. You could taste and tell the precision used to make it. Often times for dinner, we switch to wine. But here, I can do cocktails all night long. My fave are the dark cocktails and some of the classics. I always order a different cocktail throughout the evening. And to be totally honest, I have not had a bad cocktail yet! On to EATS..We had the charcuterie for the table and it came fancy with hanging jams and sauces and pickled veggies. If you are into your cheeses and meats, I suggest you double down on this!Fried prawns were very lightly dusted with batter and flash fried. What came to the table was a light but super tasty prawn! Truffle and marscapone Flatbread was thin, crispy and delish. The suckling pig was tender and flavorful The chicken for two was well executed. The chicken breast was stuffed with foie. They had me at FOIE. The skin was thin and crispy. The wings were good as was the rest of the chicken. For dessert we shared the MILK n HONEY. We loved that! Service here is definitely friendly and professional. The staff really know their stuff and are not pushy at all. Would def come back here!!!
