#NAME#Carmine's Italian Restaurant - Times Square
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/carmines-italian-restaurant-times-square-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,catering,venues#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Carmine's is a great place to go with a group of people. The food portions are HUGE! I went with 5 people in a group and we order the Penne A La Vodka and it was more than enough for everyone. There was free bread and we got one appetizer, the salad. I would say, it is a place that is too expensive for 1 people to come however with a group of 4+ the bill is super cheap. The Italian sodas are a really good drink option if you have kids or don't feel like having alcohol.
#REVIEW#Go Hungry ! Go with a group ! A dish will feed 2-4 people ! We ordered three dishes and it was more than enough for our group ! Everything was amazing !Salad !Chicken Parm ! (Seemed to be popular)Shrimp Spaghetti with White Sauce - the best
#REVIEW#It's New York. If you're on a trip you have to go to an Italian restaurant. What better way to spend it than go to the one right next to the Bee's Knee's location, Time Square, for dinner. The wait? 2 hours... but it was fine. We stayed at a hotel an hour away so it was cool. We had to pack anyway. Once we came, the interior was so old fashioned and so classic. There was a different but positive and clean to the feel. We ordered the seafood pasta, fried calamari and veil. Some of the best things we've ordered in a while to be honest (even thought things have been bomb throughout our stay in New York). Everything was fairly well seasoned. But the best part? Their complimentary mouth freshener. I would've given them 4.5 stars for this but nah, they got a full 5 stars. What an epic finale to our stay in New York.
#REVIEW#I know it's in Times Square & somewhat of a tourist trap. However, I've been many times and the food and service are truly exceptional. My favorite dish by far has been the shrimp scampi over angel hair last night. The shrimp were huge and cooked perfectly. There were 12-15 of them. More than enough for 2. The pasta was also perfect. Equally as good as the shrimp. We couldn't stop eating. I've never had anything from Carmine's that I didn't like. I do recommend a reservation as they do get very busy. Even at 11:00 last night they had a wait. We made a reservation and got right in.
#REVIEW#I love Carmine's!!! I love their spot in the Upper West Side more but the restaurant in Times Square is killer if you're going to a show. Old school family style Southern Italian restaurant. Enormous family style portions. I've gone with my wife / mother in law and two boys and we have a hard time finishing a pasta dish. I went last weekend with 4 adults and 4 growing kids and we couldn't finish what was brought out. One Caesar definitely feeds 8!!!Veal Scaloppine is my favorite!!! Perfectly cooked. Perfectly flavored. Incredible. Penne with Bolognese was insane. My mouth waters thinking about it. Eggplant parmigiana was delicious. Literally 2 bricks thick. TOO MUCH for 2 families of four. KILLER BAR. Fairly priced (especially in NYC) stiff drinks. If you go with a date sit at the bar. Don't sit at a table. Carmine's on the Upper West Side is more Old School and less touristy but if you are in Times Square it doesn't get any better.
#REVIEW#Best place to come after a Broadway Show! They take reservations but you don't have to have one. We arrived without a reservation, waited at the bar  in which I had an amazing  Very Italian Manhattan Cocktail. The bar is nice and spacious where you can wait until they call you. Keep mind that this is a family style type of dishes. I don't remember what our main dish was but it was basically, steak, Italian sausage and sautéed veggies. It was great! The steak was cooked to perfection.  We also wanted to try something new and not go with our usual fried calamari, so we went the fried zucchini. Best decision ever! It felt like I was eating calamari but with half the calories. The ambiance is great, the service was great, the food was even better. Definitely a place to come if you're visiting Times Square.
#REVIEW#Surprisingly really good -- I was expecting an industrial Olive Garden with a New York twist but it was really much better than that. My family and I came for a late Friday lunch -- the day of NYU's graduation -- and it surprisingly wasn't crowded at all. Made a reservation regardless but it may or may not be needed.The service was really friendly and attentive, and we filled up on baskets of the complimentary bread (the tomato focaccia is to die for). The four of us also split the portobello mushroom salad and the linguini with clam sauce and it was the perfect amount of food for us all. The salad was delicious -- dressing a little bit on the sweeter side but overall really fresh and with perfectly grilled portobellos. The pasta was also cooked very well, it was a little heavy handed on the garlic but I loved how generous they were with the clams and how well seasoned the entire dish was. Our bill ended up being under $70 for the 4 of us, which is quite the deal for any sit-down restaurant, particularly one in the middle of Times Square!Recommend checking out for a hearty Italian meal, especially if you have a large party with you. I'd come here once in the past when my entire sorority rented out the space and had an equally good experience.
#REVIEW#Wow this place blew my mind! Carmine's is located in a very busy part of Times Square. I came with a party of over 60 people and we had a corner of the second floor reserved for dinner. The restaurant was so huge and was honestly a little bit of a maze. The downstairs was completely packed when we arrived. We entered through a side entrance so we wouldn't have to weave through the tables. The interior was beautifully decorated with ornate gold and dark wood. Black and white photos and tapestries covered the walls and gave the place a cozy feel. I was impressed with how agile and strong the waiters were! They would carry half a dozen of heavy plates on one arm while they navigated through the narrow walkways. The waiters were very efficient with clearing dirty plates and replacing them with new ones. Keep in mind that the portions here are enormous so everything should be shared![ Spaghetti (Vegetarian) ] We started out with a classic pasta dish that everyone would enjoy. I absolutely loved how firm the spaghetti noodles were. The tomato sauce was light and tasted very fresh.[ Linguine with White Clam Sauce ] Like the spaghetti noodles, the linguine pasta was firm. The sauce was light but fragrant, and the clams were soft. I would recommend only choosing one pasta dish as the portions are huge; you would want to save your appetite for other dishes![ Chicken Parmigiana ] Large, flat pieces of chicken were covered in a thick layer of melted parmesan cheese. (Not so great if you are lactose intolerant!) The melted cheese could be pulled like string cheese! We used knives to cut the chicken into smaller pieces. [ Eggplant Parmigiana ] Flat, breaded pieces of eggplant formed beautiful layers that piled up pretty high. Due to its layered structure, it was eaten like a cake. In between each layer was sauce and cheese. This dish was delicious but was also very heavy. [ Tiramisu ] The tiramisu was served in a shallow pan and resembled a pie. The top layer was fluffy and creamy. At this point I was already way too full and struggled to get through that top layer. I really liked the flavor of the moist, solid layer at the bottom and chose to finish that part instead.[ Chocolate Cannoli ]  This was my first cannoli ever! I loved how the hard texture of the chocolate-covered shell blended with the creamy filling. The filling had a light, citrus flavor to it and was adorned with chunks of pistachio. After the dessert was served, the waiters offered us coffee. I was intrigued because I usually never have coffee with my dinner! Overall, my dining experience was phenomenal and I would highly recommend that you reserve a table here if you plan on visiting Times Square!
#REVIEW#I've been to Carmines twice and never had a problem! First time was a few years ago for a friend's birthday and our waiter gave us a bottle on the house. Second time was last year October for a friends Gatsby themed birthday. Each time I went, the staff were friendly, we were seated within 15 minutes and the food was delish! As you may already know, the portions are huge so it makes sense to go with 3 or more people. Keep in mind it's Times Square so expect crowds and noise. The last time I went, everyone was celebrating a birthday and the staff sang their little number. Definitely add this to your list! Trust me.
#REVIEW#Pick this place to celebrate a friend's birthday. This place has so many tables singing "Happy Birthday". It was a coincident seeing 3 tables celebrating birthdays together. The pasta and spaghetti taste like Italian style. Different from the regular stores. It was chewy and firm. Feel like we are in Italy. The shrimp and squid was great. Wish to have more. It is kind of pricey but worth it for birthday celebration
#REVIEW#Food was terrible. Server had got the order wrong and once we got food with the red sauce like it was written on the menu, sauce was even more bland and lacked flavor , it wasn't even thick enough. The pasta was uncooked as well and broccoli was put in pieces like they forgot to chop them. Everything felt undercooked and lacked flavors. Never ever paid 40$ for such experience before. Wish I had patience to say food was bad.
#REVIEW#If you're in NYC, Carmine's should be on your list. It's a family style restaurant so there are no individual meals, everything comes in huge portions. The amazing thing about this is that if you're with a grip, you get to try many different dishes. It's not too expensive for an NYC amazing ultimate restaurant either. There will most likely be a wait as this place is extremely popular and this specific location is on Times Square. Make a reservation via Open Table (an app), it's a life saver. If you don't, just go to the the door and except an hour to 2 hour wait. No biggie though! I recommend exploring Times Square and the time will pass by very quickly.
#REVIEW#Love Carmine's especially in NYC. This was a company dinner with our work family.We are food brokers so when we want Amazing food we know where to go. Yes !! Carmine's!! We started with drinks on main level, while we waited  for our group to be together. Then we were seated on the second floor dining area. We were 15-18 ppl. Once the second round was ordered, did just starting coming in huge platters, three of everything. 3 Appetizers,  cheese platters, salad, 2 different pasta dishes, bread and more bread, entrees, and finally dessert. This took no lie about 2 hrs. I call that Service with a capital S. They were on their A game. We received so much attention from every staff member working the second fl. Kudos to them!!They made it look so easy. Carmine's is great for any occasion. You have not dined until you go to Carmine's period!
#REVIEW#Listen. I work in the area. I have been a lifelong New Yorker, and I was super excited to finally try Carmines, after always seeing the extremely long lines. What happened, on fathers day, out of all days, was just insane. First, they didnt give me any ice in my club soda, fine. Mind you, its literally 80 degrees outside + humidity. Secondly, the bread was stale. Enough with the bread.Third, the waitress had no idea what she was offering us when we asked for recommendations. She looked more confused than a person who had never been there before.Lastly, the food. The rigatoni looked like it was fresh out of a box they found in the back from 8 years ago. The sauce was literally the consistency of fiesta salsa, and  tbh, the meatballs were legit, but at this point, I have no idea. The salad was also good, but confused with the celery chops. That wasnt told to us. But the pasta......filthy. Today, both me and my friend have been extremely sick. It was crazy to think that we could have went anywhere in the area, but we REALLY wanted to go to carmines. WE confused it with the carmines apart of the rosebud group in chicago, which is a fantastic restaurant. When we asked if they were related, the same waitress actually told us that there was no such place in chicago at all. Yet we had eaten there many times. To sum this up, I am so sick today from the sauce im sure, that I had to miss a day of work. This is unacceptable and there are a TON of better places just 1 block away, where the bread wont be stale, you can get ice cubes without asking,and the pasta is actually GOOD.
#REVIEW#This meal is WONDERFUL!!!! Definitely a place to go for awesome Italian food! The portions are HUGE! They have a great hidden kids menu!
#REVIEW#With a line out the door on Super Bowl Sunday, we didn't expect a lot. I went in and was greeted and asked how many. I guess we were kind of lucky it was just the two of us, larger parties were getting told 30 min to an hour... but 10 minutes for us.This place was hoppin' to say the least. It took our waiter a few minutes to even get to us. Now, Yelp reviews indicated come hungry and bring friends... after placing our order we had a better understanding why. Getting a regular marinara with meat (meatballs - 5 stars .... Pork - 4 stars .... Sausage - 2 stars at best) and yes it had a generous portion of all that meat. The food was served on a platter and was easily enough to feed 4. Especially if you ordered an app to start things off. Prices aren't the cheapest until you realize this is intended to share and for $50 - $60 you can feed between 4 and 6 making it s great economical Time Square deal for a family meal.The food was awesome and the service was equally good. Also, kind of tight quarters so if you want a little extra space they have a self coat check in back. Highly recommended!
#REVIEW#Brought my mom and brother for their first time in New York City. We went directly from the airport. I'm so pleased that this was their first experience in new york. This is a place where you definitely need a reservation, good luck without one. The place was packed. As soon as we arrived, we gave our reservation name and we were seated right away. 100% Great service. The place felt very welcoming and family friendly. We were only 4 of us, and the portions of this restaurant are very big so we ordered two things: fried calamari and the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs were soooo delicious. The fried calamari you can tell were fresh and just fried up for us. We were so thrilled with the food. At the end of our long New York trip. my family kept saying that was their favorite food they had the whole trip.We definitely plan on coming back.
#REVIEW#You're going to read reviews and they are going to say: This is a lot of food! Bring a lot of people! You may ignore that and only go with yourself and one other person. But you're going to have enough food on the table for 8 people and not have a fridge in the hotel room and you're going to be very sad because you don't want to waste any of the deliciousness. Or ... maybe that's just me.  The food was very very ridiculously good. We had the Ragu pasta. The meatballs and pork were delicious although we didn't care for the sausage meat, there was so much we just ate around it. The basket of bread was really yummy - several different kinds of bread too. And yes, lol ... you can go with 2 people, but they only serve the huge family size portions so you can't try as much and you WILL have leftovers!  Honestly though for a large family or group this could be a pretty cheap way to feed a lot of people, depending on what you choose, keeping substantial quality. Also, service was excellent.
#REVIEW#Hey Carmine, fuhgettaboutit! What we're taking about here is excessive gluttony in a densely populated space. Now if that's what you dream about, then this is the place for you. Of course it takes at least a party of six to make a dining experience at Carmine's worthwhile, and luckily I was with five colleagues after a long day of meetings at the office. I'm sure that's a pretty common scenario for a lot of people in here, either that or you got family from Queens you need to feed or it's a girls' night out and you got your Spanx on.Vegans and anorexic supermodels need not apply. I let go of the reins when it came to ordering since I was surrounded by hungry people who were familiar with the big ticket items worth devouring. The bread basket was a carb explosion of focaccia, rolls, and even pizza bread as glasses of crispy Sonoma-Cutrer Chardonnay were liberally poured (photo: bit.ly/2RZ1byP). The first item up was the $22.95 platter of Meatballs. There they were, a half-dozen oversized spheres made of beef and veal and swimming in their signature marinara sauce (photo: bit.ly/2DABeQP).Then came the $27.95 Caesar Salad, a massive pile of a traditional treatment with garlic and toasted croutons and ladled heavily with their anchovy Caesar dressing (photo: bit.ly/2GmYJ3K). My favorite dish came next, the $18.95 Stuffed Mushrooms filled with sweet Italian sausage and sweet peppers (photo: bit.ly/2IaqHBl). I could have gone for more, but the meat started filling the table. First was the $35.95 Chicken Cutlet Parmigiana, the least satisfying of the platters because it was a bit overcooked (photo: bit.ly/2GoqCbQ). Next came the most elaborate platter, the Rack of Lamb which was the Tuesday special.Plenty of chops and surprisingly tender considering the volumes of meat in front of us (photo: bit.ly/2Bwxboq). The crescendo came with the $39.95 Veal Parmigiana - breaded, pan-fried, topped with melted mozzarella, and ladled generously with marinara sauce - as it all rested on a bed of penne (photo: bit.ly/2X0PxHw). If anything typified the gloriously goombah indulgence that is Carmine's, then it was this dish. Full stop. Thank goodness no one insisted on dessert, as I couldn't fit in another bite. Fuhgettaboutit!FOOD - 4 stars...family-style portions of Italiano goodness, no culinary flourish hereAMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...quite a zoo but that's part of the experience, I assume SERVICE - 3.5 stars...attentive server who definitely encouraged our group's gluttonyTOTAL - 4 stars...do it once in a group, that was plenty for meRELATED - Looking for other dining options in New York City? Here's a collection of places I've tried and reviewed: bit.ly/2sGleaS
#REVIEW#The Hot antipasto was delicious. The mussels, I could of ate them all day and I really appreciated the fired raviolis on the platter. The fried Calamari was so crispy and hot.  However, I wish the calamari and the hot antipasto were brought out at the same time. The pasta was with bolognese sauce it was average, nothing special. The chicken was generally acceptable. We ordered a pitcher of sangria. Pros of the sangria: one of the tastiest sangrias in NYC Cons of the sangria: 70% ice in the pitcher.
