#NAME#Heidi's House By The Side Of The Road
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/heidis-house-by-the-side-of-the-road-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#wine_bars,comfortfood,gluten_free#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#The ultimate neighborhood restaurant, in my opinion. Their menu isn't huge, but they always have great specials (the gnocchi with duck ragu is a common one, and it is outstanding), and their staples (eg mac & cheese, paella, and maybe the best burger on the UES) are almost universally excellent.Very small, but early an early dinner on weekdays seems to be a good time to get in.
#REVIEW#Low key, homey restaurant/bar in the UES consisting of 2 small rooms (one for dinner and one for drinking). My friend and I sat in the dinner room and split the macaroni and cheese with jalapeños ($19) and the pasta of the day (gnocchi with tomatoes, basil, and Parmesan) with a side salad ($28). Both dishes were delicious, came out hot, and tasted homemade/fresh. We also each enjoyed a glass of wine ($12).I thought that the prices were a bit steep for the value, but would come back for the great food and ambience.
#REVIEW#As a 7 year UES resident, Heidi's House has been on my list of places to eat but it's always been too crowded and I've never had enough patience to wait.Well, last month, my friend and I decided we HAD to try it to knock it off our "to-dine" list. We decided to come right at opening at 4pm one Saturday to beat the crowd (yes, we were THAT determined).  An hour in and we realized we didn't have to get there so early but oh well...:pWe got the crab dip to share, I got the pasta of the day which was duck ragu, and we got the date pudding to share for dessert.Maybe I just built it up too much in mymind over the years (and all the raving Yelp reviews certainly didn't help!) -- while all the dishes were good, none of them were..."wow". Definitely not underwhelming enough to give it a 3 star but also not memorable enough to be wanting to try again.I'm happy I at least finally got it off my bucketlist though!
#REVIEW#A small neighborhood spot with a limited menu, but they do a good job of what they serve. Despite seemingly being short staffed, the service was very attentive and friendly. It's popular with locals for good reason. Only drawback is limited seating. We will be back. I love going to and supporting restaurants with engaged owner-operators who are dedicated to delivering a great experience at a good value.
#REVIEW#Came early on a Friday night, shortly after they opened and had the place to ourself for maybe 20 mins before people started coming in. By the time we left (around 7pm) there were a lot of people waiting. It seemed that one guy was running the show between tending the bar and tables so there was a little wait to get things like water refills but it was still great. We got the Mac and cheese and the Paella both were amazing! We also got both desserts, the Date Pudding (so-so) and the Chocolate Soufflé (tasty.
#REVIEW#I've had Heidi's House bookmarked for years, but because it was in an area that I basically am never at, I never got to try it until last night.  To make reservations, simply call Heidi's house day of after 4pm to get your name on the list.  Surprisingly my friend and I had no wait when we arrived on a Sunday around 7:30pm.  Note that this place is TINY, literally like counter/bar seating and a very small number of 2-person tables against the wall.  Even the kitchen and bathroom are tiny.I have no idea what kind of restaurant this is since they serve things from rib eye steaks to tacos to mac and cheese and Italian food.  Yelp sums it up best and calls it "comfort food".  Comfort it is, because almost immediately eating this, I had a severe case of itis.The menu really isn't that vast - you have options of several daily specials written on the blackboard or paella, mac and cheese, and a few starters.  We went for the special of the night which was red-sauce gnocchi with truffle oil as well as an order of their famous mac and cheese, which we added lobster to.  The gnocchi dish was 6-7 giant globs of gnocchi covered by a hearty tomato/truffle/basil sauce.  It was delicious, but I wish the serving size was a bit more, as the entrees here are a bit pricey for what you get.  Very much feels like your grandma made the food type of taste and atmosphere.  As for the infamous mac and cheese, I really wasn't feeling it.  An entire entree of mac and cheese is just a bit overkill for me and there was far too much butter and the pasta was too soft for my liking.  Definitely not for the lactose intolerant.  Also, the amount of lobster we got in the mac and cheese was a bit disappointing.  Paying almost $30 for a thing of mac and cheese seems a bit ridiculous, in my opinion.Heidi's House was worth the try to see what the hype was all about and I definitely liked their daily gnocchi special, but I dont' think I'll be back as there's not enough variety on the menu and the prices are a bit steep.  Great place for a date though if you both like heavy carbs and falling asleep after!
#REVIEW#I came here too close to closing time to be able to have everything I wanted to try, but thankfully the kitchen was still open and I was able to experience some. It was definitely worth it, and I'll without a doubt be back again to try to rest!The pasta of the day was gnocchi which was very delicious. I can't eat cheese but they were willing to make it without. I'm not usually too much of a pasta person but this was such an exception. It tasted so rich and delicious, and the sauce was mindblowing. If I come back here and they have the gnocchi again, I'd order it in a heartbeat.The special of the day was lamb and also was very good. I'd get it again for sure, but honestly, very little could touch the level of the gnocchi in my mind. Surprisingly enough, because lamb is one of my favorites -- it only goes to show you how good the gnocchi is. The lamb though was delicious too, and super tender. Not at all chewy or tough.For dessert, I had the chocolate souffle, which was crispy on the outside with a melted inside. It was sweet without being over the top, and definitely a treat.They had a pretty decent wine list and I particularly loved the Lebanese wine. I highly recommend it for those of you looking for something different!The atmosphere was incredibly intimate, the restaurant tiny and cosy, the staff as friendly as they could possibly be. And most importantly, the food was delicious!Five stars, hands down.
#REVIEW#I had been dying to come to this place as everyone said the food was really good. I went on a Saturday around 8pm and was told the wait was an hour so we walked around the area but never received a call so showed up after an hour and then were seated. I was seated at the bar with my friend which was fine and ordered the Mac and Cheese with truffle oil. I liked that it was crispy but didn't think it tasted amazing because it was a little too rich for me and I took half of it home because I couldn't finish it. I would come back, but at a less popular time and would prefer to split the Mac and Cheese next time.
#REVIEW#Heidi's house never disappoints. I don't think I could put a 5 but it's a solid 4! I've gotten a burger there which was pretty good but not out of this world. I would actually stick with their lobster mac which was lovely (more lobster plzzz) and their tacos. tacos were soooo good.It's such a cute place but you must make reservations. Our server was so nice and didn't rush us. The alcohol selection is lovely too.
#REVIEW#This was way over hyped. A nice selection of beers and ciders, but we ordered a salad and a gnocchi, got the salad after 15 minutes, and had to wait another 30 minutes for the gnocchi. The salad was artichoke, and the artichokes were fiberous and dry to the point you couldn't even chew on them. We left all of themOn the plate as they were inedible. I mentioned it to the server and he said he would "check" but never returned with an answer or compensation of any sort. The gnocchi with cherry tomatoes were hand made and tasted nice, a bit watery, but definitely not worth how badly he was selling it, and not worth 22$ for each mediocre plate of food. Nice atmosphere, but weird menu and not worth the high prices.
#REVIEW#I was very excited to try out Heidi's House thanks to the reviews I read beforehand which were all very promising. The highlight of them being what sounded like phenomenal food. However, I feel like after reading all of those reviews I walked in with too high of expectations. Even though the ambience and service was great the food definitely did not reach the level I was expecting it to. My friend and I arrived on Monday night around 8:30 PM. When we entered the small, intimate restaurant the place was still packed. We ended up being seated at the end of the bar right next to the kitchen entrance. After we were seated, even though the rest of the customers had already been served, we had to wait for a while before we had water brought over and had our orders taken. However, after the initial hiccup the service was much more attentive. Our server was really sweet and even helped to chase down a lady who had walked into the restaurant and stolen our leftovers.For our food we decided to order a few dishes to share:-SHRIMP TACOS: The tacos were very interesting. The shrimp and veggies (onions and peppers) were well seasoned and sautéed; however, the fact there was sautéed protein and veggies just made it taste more like a constructed fajita than the kind of shrimp taco I was expecting. And I'm not sure if that's a good thing. The tomatillo sauce that came with it was in a surprisingly massive quantity and wasn't really used since it didn't add too much flavor. -TUNA TARTAR: I have always loved a good tartar and this one had a nice flavor but the avocado puree was a bit too overpowering. Additionally, the bread that came with the tartar was also stale which really put a damper on the flavor of the dish. -MACARONI & CHEESE: The cheese sauce of the mac and cheese was good however, there was a tad too much pepper was in there. However, I did really like the spiral pasta that came with it, slightly different than the traditional mac and cheese but a good change. All in all, though the food was not to the level I had imagined it would be when I arrived, the ambience of the restaurant was nice and did give us a great night!
#REVIEW#3.5 stars but will round up.  Small menu, but food is above average and service was really friendly.  Great neighborhood spot, although the line/wait time tends to be quite long...while overall quite enjoyable, it's not worth the wait imo.We started with an artichoke salad, which was fresh and well done.  Then we had the gnocchi (with red snapper), mac & cheese (with bacon and mushrooms), as well as the paella.  The gnocchi were quite large, but they tasted great -- doughy without being too dense.  The mac & cheese was nice and cheesy but not overly salty.  The paella was the weakest link and just seemed like normal rice on a plate (not served in a paella pan, so no crispy rice).  There's a good assortment of seafood and meat, but the dish didn't quite come together for me -- rice and chorizo were quite salty, but seafood was quite bland.  I normally don't like overseasoned seafood (good seafood should be able to standalone), but the other flavors masked the seafood and it was hard to appreciate (hence tasted bland).For dessert, we got the bread pudding, and it was as good as advertised.
#REVIEW#If you're ever looking for an intimate dinner spot in UES, Heidi's House is your restaurant. The staff here are incredibly friendly and attentive. You can call ahead and be put on the wait list as there are no reservations. This is a great date spot and I would recommend getting things to share between 2. We had the bacon mac & cheese and seafood paella for our mains and the soufflé for dessert. The bacon mac & cheese is very rich and delicious--the bacon comes as large slices and not bacon bits as we originally expected. The seafood paella had very generous portions of seafood and the ratio between seafood vs rice was perfect. Both were incredibly filling and flavorful. We barely had room for dessert but persevered onto the soufflé, which was fantastic. Nothing disappointed here and service was great. While the menu and vibes exude "comfort food," the prices are not what you'd think. Nonetheless, recommend a visit for the right occasion.
#REVIEW#Sweet little local spot with awesome food and excellent hospitality!Called ahead on New Year's Eve and squeezed in for the last seating before the bar rush. My boyfriend and I shared the organic mesclun salad, macaroni and cheese with bacon, a side of organic roasted vegetables, the chocolate soufflé and the bread pudding. It was more than enough food and everything was delicious! My favorite dessert was actually the soufflé, which I feel like is hard to get right temperature-wise, but this was perfect. Definitely want to return to try the burger.
#REVIEW#SO GOOD!  Cozy and intimate setting...and by cozy I mean 4 tables total in the restaurant.  3 tables that sit two and one table that sits 4.  And about 10 seats at the bar.  We got here about 6:30 on a Tuesday night and were able to sit at a table immediately.  The place was at maximum capacity about 30 min or so later.  Small menu and everything looked delicious it was hard to choose what we wanted.  Started off with a tomato and mozzarella salad, went with the gnocchi and short rib main dishes, and then had to have one of their mac n cheese dishes.  We got the one with jalapeños.  Everything was unbelievably good.  It's amazing what they can do in this tiny restaurant.  Love the atmosphere, food, and service!  What more could you want!  Definitely will be coming back.
#REVIEW#First time last night with my two children - we sat at the bar.  FANTASTIC spot...  one waiter, bartender, host who works magic keeping this tiny place fluid.  The food?  Incredible. I'm a JG Melons only burger snob - my son got the burger and ate half. I quickly ate the other half, my daughter got the pasta special - ate half and I ate the other half for a late night snack. And I got the paella - delicious. We are going back in an hour for more!!!
#REVIEW#Fresh and well-executed food in a comfortable setting. Meat portioning was scant. Gnocchi was excellent. Date pudding was good, but overpriced. I ordered the Duck Ragout Gnocchi and Date Pudding. The ragout sauce was savoury and the vegetables and duck were fairly well executed. The amount of duck in the sauce was disappointing. The gnocchi were tender are smooth on the palate, but the portion was small. The date pudding is overpriced at $15. While it was warm, soft and flavorful, I don't think it  captured the unique flavor profile of dates. It was like any other chocolate/gingery brownie/cake that I've tried. Well executed, but not very interesting for the price point.
#REVIEW#My go to date night spot. The food is always amazing. We always order the Mac and cheese with chorizo and the pasta special. Remember to call ahead to put your name on the waitlist since they are always full! I highly recommend Heidi's!!
#REVIEW#Try their gluten-free mac and cheese! My husband has celiac sprue and absolutely loves the mac here. I finally had the chance to try it, and ordered 3 different types from the happy hour menu to share. We ordered one with bacon, another with chorizo, and one with mushroom. The bacon and chorizo macaroni and cheese dishes were absolutely delicious and very filling! They come out piping hot, and ooze with such wonderful cheesy flavor.Highly recommend - my husband has been here several times and has not had any cross contamination issues.
#REVIEW#I walk in on a, i think a Thursday night it was a 2 hour wait. But something told me that I needed to wait and thank god I did. The food was amazing. I'm not going to lie I don't eat pork and I don't really like rice. The paella is to die for!! ( The best I've every had in my life ) The pork belly the spinach sausage!!!!  And I can tell the kitchen is so small. I can't tell the may have to Electric burners and two Fry's!!! That how you cooks with love. I will be back again. But I will call b4 I show up.
