#NAME#The Jeffrey Craft Beer & Bites
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-jeffrey-craft-beer-and-bites-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bars,newamerican,coffee#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Awesome, awesome beer menu. Big, huge, rare (Carton!).The gastropub food is quite good, too.I will re-review in due time. But a big win for the area.
#REVIEW#I recently moved to the neighborhood and my boyfriend and I will definitely be coming back! Food/drinks - Tons of craft beer/cider options! Food was good but nothing to write home about. We ordered the pretzel to share (YUM!), burger and 2 tacos (not sure why there is a two taco minimum when each taco is listed on the menu as a single price of $7, it is a little misleading/I really would have enjoyed one taco)Staff- Super friendly! They were great about letting us know about what time last call was going to be for food and drinks so we really appreciated that. Quick service for it being really busy.Atmosphere - There is a back patio which is awesome but unfortunately it closes on the earlier side at 9pm and then you need to move inside. You can go from having a table to not having one when you move inside. Overall chill vibes!
#REVIEW#Everything is great! The beer selections, the food, the service..Only 3 stars because the music is too loud, especially in the right back corner..You won't be able to listen to each other and you would end up with a headache..
#REVIEW#Holy Beer Bible Batman!  Our only mistake might have been visiting the Jeffrey the day prior to race day instead of following it.  They had a heavy list of numerous beers of all types and flavors.  Further, they had a solid cocktail list as well, which I tested with my order of the 'Not so Sweet' (well, it was called something along those lines).  Every drink, beer or cocktail, came with reasonable pricetags (some even non-NYC like!).While enjoying my drink, we grabbed some small bites as well.  The pickle plate was a good portion for two to share.  I didn't love the Red Beet deviled eggs, but that is more related to my preferences as the dish is creative and heavy on the beet taste (vs deviled egg taste).Service was solid.  We had a large group and they kept up.  We also had some beer questions and the bartender REALLY knew what she was talking about (as opposed to just pushing a certain beer or two).  I'll be back in future visits to NYC.  You should swing by as well.
#REVIEW#I was excited to check this place out but sadly, it turned out to be a dud. The first time we were treated like a nuisance when trying to find a table. We gave it another shot and I wish we hadn't.The service both times by the same female server was poor at best. She had a total attitude and acted inconvenienced by just about everything. She has the complete opposite personality of someone who should work in customer service. She's also the same person who made the first experience poor, too.We ordered drinks and some chips and salsa. The guacamole was an additional $3 and it was a tiny amount. We all had to laugh at the small amount for $3, please see picture.I asked for the check and signed the merchant copy. Before I could put a cash tip (which was undeserved), she took the check from beneath my elbows. What the hell? You're supposed to ask if it's ready or ask if you can take it. Don't invade my personal space.You lost out on your tip and customers.
#REVIEW#Great outdoor space! I met my sister here for her coworkers going away party and it was very inviting and we had fun. Make sure to reserve a table out back or you'll be inside for sure. I also think the bathrooms were cool-loved the sliding door! Good chips and salsa and drinks
#REVIEW#Great spot.  They have a nice selection of beer and an interesting cocktail list.  The food is also very good.The staff are very friendly and really on top of their game.There is a great back yard space when the weather cooperates.  Inside can get a bit cramped, especially near the first bar.
#REVIEW#Stopped in this evening for a nightcap. I've always had a thing for this place. They generally have a great selection of beers on tap (had both my first Hill Farmstead and Bissel Brothers beers here) and the atmosphere is laid back. I love the copper bar and brick walls. Occasionally it's too busy for my taste but it's never really busy late night. It's definitely a place worth checking out if you like craft beer.
#REVIEW#Thaddeus is a very personable, eclectic, and knowledgeable bartender. From my first introduction to him by coming late night after a shift, it was like I knew him for like years. He's very easy to talk to and if the man wasn't into improv before I truly believe he has a knack for it LOL. He's the head bartender at The Jeffrey and helped curate  the entire drink menu and may I say *twirls handlebar 'Stache and sips Lionstail drink* delightful. I'm a ginger girl, so the stonehead(?) and the Lions tail are my go to drinks. It's a smooth drink that the alcohol is barely detected but oh baby it's there. As a member of the lightweight committee ya girl feels it. Drink three I'm living. On my second visit with another coworker, we purchased food and shared the turkey sandwich. Delicious. Small. But I honestly like how it tastes so much I don't mind the price. What I DO MIND, is the fact that they don't serve French fries, they serve chips (rosemary/sea salt). Potatoes are cheap my good Jeffery, through some rosemary fries or sea salt fries on that menu and we got a match! Even without the chips-which taste fine- I'd still come back. It's just the chips are so small and I feel hungry still afterwards.Which brings me to say, if you're a girl who likes to eat like myself, you're gonna have to order multiple things to get full here. The flavor is great, the food is good but the portions are small (4/5* rounded up from 3.75/5) Overall 5 stars just because of Thaddeus giving life to this place in each of my experiences. Even when the bar is full and I'd sit at a table in the back, he's dope.3.75/5 or 4/5 if I'm rounding for the food. Great little spot with UES prices that's actually worth it.Enjoy
#REVIEW#Comfortable and homey bar with great drinks and casual food.Ambiance.  So many interesting details that come together creating a cozy neighborhood vibe.  The industrial looking piping and overhead lamps with faucet handles at the ceilings were the cool detail I noticed the recent visit.  Two bars and seating in the back with community table and tables for 4.  TVs at the bar and in the back played a football game.Food and drinks.They have a large selection of beers, but the bartenders also make a fantastic cocktail. I am very particular about my drinks, and my mezcal, and they make an incredible mezcal old fashioned.  Very good Casual food with the highlight of yesterday's being the truffle flavored wings.  Caution  - very hot! I (and my stomach) would prefer a little less hot especially since the spicy hot took from the really tasty truffle flavor after the first wing. But still very good. Chili while also very good - was so hot in temp that I had to wait about 20 minutes to eat it. Friend also enjoyed the burger. Service.  Our server while friendly, seemed to be the only one working and could have used some support as it was hard to get his attention as he waited on all the tables in the back area. Recommend as a casual cozy feeling spot to meet with friends for drinks and casual food.
#REVIEW#I went there with my team happy hour. I didn't feel well before l got there. The potato soup impressed me a lot! It is creamy and warm. The cheese bread is also a plus! The vibe in this bar is pretty cool. Waitress are welcome.
#REVIEW#Came here twice both times pretty nice. The first time I ordered their Bloody Mary which was wayyyy to spicy for me. It came with a whole salad and bacon in it... so that was cool. The 2nd time I came here I was meeting friends for lunch, but came too late, as they were finishing up. I ordered the pickle cup.. and a draft apple cider. The draft was yummy, the pickles were for sure spoiled. Bubbly in taste.. and very spicy at the same time=big stomach ache! If I try again, I will see how well they do with a food allergy.
#REVIEW#Always really enjoy this place! Usually quite crowded on Saturdays especially when the weather is nice- they have a great outdoor space in the back with five or so picnic tables and a good amount of seating.For me, the vibe here changes with the seasons and what you come here for (which I like). In the summer and spring, you come for the outdoor space and it's always lively and fun, with music and good (younger) crowds enjoying the weather. In the winter, the bar is very much cozy and dimly lit at night, with the same good music but maybe a little less "young" of a crowd. Though still very lively.Most recently came here on a Saturday around 6 with friends. Ordered a bottle of wine and the cheese board. Really love the cheese board here - it comes with a good variety of hard / soft cheeses (including a really good blue cheese that's not too funky). Have had many other apps here in the past and have never been disappointed ! Great neighborhood spot.
#REVIEW#Came here at midnight with my 80 yo aunt Alice and my cousins from Spain. They of course thought the place was a lil shady but I know better of course. I mean it is kinda shady but the food is effin awesome. Started with the pickled vej to get that digestion in point. I had an excellent fancy salad and bomb tacos.  My cuz said the burger was the best if his whole trip. Everyone was very pleased and the wine flowed. AA loved it. We were so high we walked a mile back to the telly
#REVIEW#One of our friend celebrated his birthday at that beer place. I didn't spent for a long time but all in all the experiences that I had was okay.they have a big selection and the environment was nice . The only thing that I didn't like about air circulation of inside. it needs more air in order to wave the smell of the food. As a beer I had pilsener. It was great as my beginner experiences. I also had a chance to have Tater tots. the taste of the food was good, but a bit crunchy overcooked. Hopefully until next time I would update my review and give them a five stars Thank you The Jeffrey Craft Beer & Bites
#REVIEW#Located at the end of the block on 60th st, the establishment offeres some great craft beers with deliciousness you can't refuse. Bartender and the satff were quite friendly. Had I lived around the corner, this would definitely be my go to place on a daily basis. For beer lovers, it's a must visit if you are in the area. Cocktails & whiskey are also part of the list you can find here. Ambiance is cozy, comfortable but, something about it almost feels romantic.There are two separate sections of full bars and hightop seating in the back room. Outdoor space is also a huge plus in the rear.  Bites such as pretzels and charcuterie plates were reasonably priced and delicious.  Can't wait to return again!
#REVIEW#Disclaimer - this review regards drinks/outdoor space only as i didnt order any food I came here on a Saturday afternoon to meet up with a friend, as we wanted to be outside since it was so beautiful out. The Jeffrey has a nice patio out back for just that. While you wont get the great views of a rooftop, the have a nice spacious seating area in the back so you can be outside drinking without those horrible rooftop prices. Their beer selection is large and theres a little bit of everything, most running $8 each. The service was friendly and attentive and overall it had a great atmosphere. The food that I saw walking around look very good, but cant attest to it at all since we did not order any
#REVIEW#The Jeffrey is a great pub with a big outdoor space, large selection of beer and delicious food. I've been twice and this last time had the Impossible burger - which comes topped with guacamole and a fried egg neither mentioned in the description. That was one tastefully, messy brunch meal! The egg was cooked to perfection with the yoke breaking all over. I'm not a fan of kale so whatever fell on my plate was then mixed in with the salad. That even made kale edible. Lauren and Holly were great taking care of all in our big party! Thanks, The Jeffrey!
#REVIEW#The two times that I've gone here the place was packed- people love it for the craft beer. On my end, since I dont drink beer it was a bit of a struggle. I order wine, took one sip, and realized it was entirely undrinkable.If you are into beer then definitely come. If you are into bars that are a bit dingier and have that old beer smell (some people are!) then this is the place for you.If you are into new, sleek and airy - this is NOT the place for you.
#REVIEW#My friend and I came here on a Friday night looking for a fun but chill place to have a drink.  The layout of the place is a bit weird; shaped like a horseshoe, the two sides have separate bars, and the back area has tables to sit.  We were able to snag a spot at the end of the communal table in the center.Because the space is so small and gets packed on the weekend, table service was VERY slow.  Plus, you can expect to be pushed a lot if you're seated at the communal table by people trying to get by you.  It quickly became unpleasant, so I switched seats to what would hopefully be a better spot, which it was for a brief period of time.Shortly after getting our drinks, a HORDE of people who look like they just got out of some professional conference (all wearing badges and carrying bags that read 'Because Hamilton') infiltrated the back seating area and things got ridiculous.  Being shoved was no longer just a possibility, it was a guarantee.  Although the rudeness of other patrons should not reflect poorly on the establishment, I was very peeved that the bouncer did not think to do crowd control when 50 people showed up at the same time to an already crowded bar.  We quickly paid our bill and got up to leave, at which point, our waiter apologized for how "crazy" it got.  The apology was much appreciated, but still, a disappointing experience overall.
