#NAME#Crif Dogs
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/crif-dogs-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#hotdog,newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Crif Dogs is a much hyped hot dog place, and for good reason.  The hot dogs are unique and delicious.  One of my favorites is the Tsunami (a bacon wrapped crif dog, with teriyaki, pineapple & green onions).  It's salty and a little sweet and just amazing.  The cheese tater tots are spicy and addictive, too.  The loud music and the clientele can be a bit annoying at times, but overall it's still a classic NYC hot dog place for a reason.
#REVIEW#Finally made it to this bastion of hotdoggery for an afternoon snack. Nice kid at the counter.  On her suggestion, we scored a couple of hot dogs whose name escapes me.  They involved bacon, melted cheese, macaroni salad and parsley.  I'm usually a frank purist, opting for mustard, sauerkraut and relish, but these guys blew me away.  We also had some good waffle fries (which could have been a little bit crisper) and good IPAs by the can.  We watched a beautiful couple sneak into the speakeasy that's on the premises.  Solid place for hot dog research.  After this experience, I'm going to have to reconsider my wiener orthodoxy.
#REVIEW#Does this place even need another 5 star review? Too bad.We came back twice in one night, eating a total of 14 hot dogs between us. Our French friend discovered nacho cheese. It was a glorious evening. Will return. Will try to top our hot dog score.
#REVIEW#Before leaving NY I had to look for a hot dog spot.  This place popped up after we were walking around town.  Their standard size hot dogs runs from $4 to $7, depending on which one you get.  They aren't very big which I appreciated.  I went with their $4 New Yorker which was a simple classic hot dog frank.  It was pretty good but nothing crazy.  I like that they had hot sauce and even BBQ sauce besides just your typical ketchup and mustard.  I also got a side of their small cheese tater tots ($3.95).  The small portion was HUGE and definitely shareable between two people.  The cheese sauce came on the size and it was pretty good.  I definitely recommend the tots.   The girl at the register was really nice and took time to tell us about their menu.  She also answered questions we had.  I like that they even had a vegetarian option for those who do not eat meat.  Their menu had so many different types of hot dogs.  Some smothered in cheese and some were bacon wrapped.  The food came fast and everything was good.  The inside of this place is very casual but unique.  Definitely recommend checking out if you are looking for some cheap hot dogs.
#REVIEW#Used to like their food. Recently ordered Corn Dog which was pretty boring and almost bad......Tater Tots was those not so good one besides tasted like oil.
#REVIEW#I mean, what else is there to say about this place? It's a tiny, dingey, basement dive that has awesome folks working (and dancing!) behind the registers and the menu is filled with all kinds of tasty combinations of hot dogs and random toppings. The dogs themselves are nothing special and very much standard pushcart hot dogs, and the buns are fine fluffy white bread. However, it's all about the toppings!! So many combinations of stuff can be put on there. I had a ham-wrapped dog with slices of cheese and peppercinis on top, but it was a very hard decision as basically everything on the menu sounded (and looked) amazing!
#REVIEW#I was excited to finally come here & happy I went. The gal behind the counter was great. She explained the menu & specials of the day. I got a "New York" hot dog & added ketchup (don't judge me!), mustard & raw onion. Dog was good & snappy but roll was slightly stale :( We got the tots with cheese sauce & they were as good as they sound. Fun, dingy spot.
#REVIEW#OH MY GOODNESS. Forget the hot dogs you find all over NY where you question if you should sacrifice sanitation! Hers: Temptee Dog with a customized order of adding sauteed onions and sriracha mayo. His: Chihuahua Dog with a customized order of adding an egg and removing the sour cream. I ate mine within 5 mins! LOVE THAT THIS OPENS LATE AS WELL!!
#REVIEW#Overhyped, and wack!  Blaaaand, overcooked bacon on the hotdog, and dry.We tried the corn dog, the chihuahua, and the tsunami. Lacked flavors! Corn dog was practically burnt, and the other hotdogs were skimpy with toppings. Will pass next time.
#REVIEW#I don't know the first thing about hot dogs, all I can tell is that these are different from your typical Nathan's hot dog or the like. I got the standard Crif Dog and added on onions, relish, and pineapple, and it was pretty great. Not as much "snap" as expected and the bun was pretty plain, but overall still good. I'm moving up from grocery store hot dog packages!Awesome vibe too - kind of grungy and sticky (which to be fair, is the St. Marks vibe in general) but the staff is really friendly and has a lot of personality. I don't want to know how crowded this place gets during the weekends what with the PDT rush, but during the off hours it's a great place to chill and hang out and get a good hot dog in the meantime.
#REVIEW#So I don't really care for hot dogs, but you have to get one in New York, right? Some friends told us this place is a "game changer," so we had to give it a try.Being mostly vegetarian, I ordered a veggie dog. I chose to customize it rather than selecting one of their options. Some ketchup, mustard, pickles, cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce later and I was a happy person. My husband ordered his own meat dog and we split the tater tots. Word of warning: the large tater tot order is HUGE. Really tasty, hit and just the right amount of crispiness, but a lot of tots.I thought my veggie dog was about as good as it gets given that hot dogs aren't my wheelhouse. My husband felt happy with his although he didn't feel it was a real game changer. They definitely get props for the veggie options & the fun old-school vibe, too!
#REVIEW#Ultimate definition of drunchies! If you know PDT, you know Crif Dogs. I've been to PDT a few times, but never actually tried the food here.I wasn't really that hungry, but thought i should try something since I never had. We got the "good morning" dog which is basically a bacon egg and cheese. A lot of the dogs are bacon wrapped, which reminded me of LA dirty dogs, but don't get your hopes up. Nothing alike! The bacon is wrapped around the hot dog, and deep fried maybe? definitely not grilled like in LA. The hot dog was just ok in my opinion, but probz better if you're drunk.The main star were the CHEEEESE FRIES!I am a sucker for waffle fries. and cheese sauce. So thank you Crif Dogs!We got a small size to share between the two of us, and it was more than enough. I ate about 75% of it hehe (JKK to the "I wasn't really that hungry"...) Comes out piping hot and fresh. The sauce is smothered all over, so if you prefer on the side, make sure you ask them.
#REVIEW#Another stop while you're on the hunger path home after heavy drinking in the East village. I've tried a few, especially after Bourdain bastardized the place on his show. The whole premise was always to get into the Speakeasy, "Please Don't tell Mama". Unfortunately, I've never made it in... as we always were in a mission for the best drink. The food is good, tight space, and decent. It's better than Nathan's, more creative. The chihuahua dog is a fave.
#REVIEW#I decided to wander upon this place late night and there was a very large wait,  I thought well this has to be a good thing because they are so busy.  Some people walked out stating the wait for hot dogs was over 45 minutes, so I get on my app and decide to order it for delivery since it said that would only take 35 minutes. Wow, it definitely took closer than hour an a half and we actually had to call them stating we still had not gotten our order, they said they came to the door and no one was there.  First off, I would have heard someone ringing the bell, or knocking so they aren't good with communication.  No phone call nothing, if I had not called I wouldn't have gotten my order.  I ordered 4 hot dogs, and only got 3.  I didn't call to tell them that because I was already frustrated that it took so long for 3 hot dogs, which was supposed to have been 4.None of the hot dogs we ordered were good, and the hot dogs had more sausage like qualities than an actual beef dog.  Overloaded with goulash is what I will call it.  The hot dogs were barely edible, and no telling how long they sat out for but out stomachs were messed up after eating at this place.  I recommend checking out Papaya Dog or even a street vendor before going to this place.  Over rated, but one of the few late night food/hot dogs places in the East Village.  Cheers & Enjoy!
#REVIEW#3.5 stars, rounded downCrif dogs is great because it's open so late: 2:00 AM on weekdays, 4:00m AM on weekends. However due to the late hours, I slightly suspect that the reviews are slightly inflated (a side effect of any business that is open late, really).Crif dogs is easy to miss since it's basement level, but you'll probably approach it on your left. They have a bunch of novelty dogs here, such as chili dogs, dogs with spring onion, dogs with sour cream, etc etc. I only tried one speciality dog: the chili dog, which I thought was very good. I also tried the crif dog and the NY dog. The NY dog was definitely better in my opinion, so get that if you are only getting one non-speciality dog.However, on the whole, I found this place to be a little expensive for what is essentially hot dogs, with a slight gimmick. I almost compare everything to papaya dog, and I felt like they were about the same- but more expensive by almost a whole $2.
#REVIEW#Crif Dogs is probably best-known as the entryway for Please Don't Tell. However, after my last visit to PDT, I had a Crif Dog (which PDT serves as well), and loved it. Thus, I decided to try out the real deal.The Crif Dog ambience is decidedly grunge, with their arcade games and chalkboards. They have a wide array of interesting hot dog options, but are also veggie friendly, which is nice.I had their Morning Jersey. It's described as a "Taylor Ham wrapped house dog with melted cheese and a fried egg". It was good, but definitely not great. The dog and ham itself was good. However, the bun was mushy and unremarkable. Most disappointingly, the cheese appeared to be a Kraft single, or something similar. Bah.It's a testament to the quality of the dog itself, as well as the creativity of the menu, and the ambience of the place, that I still gave 4 stars. I'm looking forward to trying something else on their menu and seeing how that goes! Definitely worth coming by, but don't expect your world to be blown.
#REVIEW#We were on a mission to find the best hot dogs in new york, and Crif Dogs was our unanimous decision after a day of eating hot dogs.  This place is all about hot dog creativity, and we sampled four. From lowest to highest ranking:4.  The good morning, which is a bacon wrapped hot dog with a fried egg.  3.  The spicy red neck, another bacon wrapped dog with chili, cole slaw and jalapeños. 2.  The Lil' ma, bacon wrapped with peanut butter, pickles and crushed potato chips.  1.  And our favorite was the jon-jon deragon, which had cream cheese, scallions and everything bagel seasoning. ( we went back and ordered 1 more!)The pricing is a little high for a hot dog, and they definitely aren't that filling. Recommend going with friends so that you can try a variety,  You'll need to eat at least two to be full.
#REVIEW#This place is a great place to make poor life decisions late at night while hanging out in the East Village. It's a real mainstay on the block and is a must try for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. All of their hot dogs can be made into a veggie dog alternative, including their legendary corn dogs. It is the only place in NYC that I know of that reliably serves veggie corn dogs. The veggie dogs are delicious and there are tons of unhealthy toppings you can add to cover up the fact that you are eating a veggie dog. The baked beans and nacho cheese are a must. The corn dogs are freshly dipped in batter and fried to order. They come out piping hot and tasty. The sides are also great here. Their tater tots are hot, crispy, and delicious. They also have really good waffle fries. They have burgers and vegetarian "impossible burgers" as well if you are into that sort of thing. The atmosphere here is super divey. There is plenty of seating in the tiny space. They have a few crappy old arcade games like Street Fighter. There is a phone booth in the restaurant that people walk into to make a phone call to be let into some bar called Please Don't Tell. They serve a few different canned beer options to go with your hot dogs. Pabst Blue Ribbon seems to be the go-to order for most of the crowd here, but they have some more pretentious beers if your ego requires that. Overall, Crif Dogs is a top notch hot dog joint that has a totally unique vibe to it and goes above and beyond to cater to vegetarians. It's the type of place you go to seeking true culinary satisfaction after you've had a skimpy fancy dinner elsewhere. If you are visiting NYC, you should be spending some time in the East Village and you should be making your way to Crif Dogs. If you already live in NYC, why haven't you indulged yet?
#REVIEW#I tried the original crif dog. It was a good hotdog and not too expensive. I enjoyed it, but given the hype of this place, I expected the hotdog itself to be more flavorful than it was. I would go back and try a different hotdog.
#REVIEW#LOL some of these reviews are hilarious! Certainly all over the place, and I will put this Crif Dog on the lower spectrum!My hubby and I came here on our trip to NYC. It was his one request to eat a Crif Dog after he had seen it on Anthony Bourdain's tv show.He said his was excellent and I hated mine. Thought it was a waste of carbs for my macros that day. I ordered the Chihuahua Dog... and he got a bacon wrapped something. It was not good to me. Maybe the tiny girth of the dog. LOL I like them much bigger. Buns were terrible as well. They did have alot of options. Maybe I should have ordered something else.I honestly think the hot dogs on the streets in Hollywood when ur leaving the club are better than this.
