#NAME#Ocean Prime
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ocean-prime-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,steak,newamerican#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Exceptional food and service! Came here on a Saturday night because of my boyfriends bday and it was awesome!! I made reservations a few days prior and ask for a bday celebration request and upon our arrival we had our hostess take us to our table and to our suprise our table was decorated really cute! It had  birthday confetti on the table which he loved .. so we ordered appetizers and as usual he wants raw clam  not my thing but hey it's his birthday , I on the other hand decided to order shrimp cocktail and it was delicious although I wish it was more ( 4 huge pieces of shrimp).For entree, he ordered the sea bass which tasted soo fresh I though the chef went out and caught him self ( corny I know ) but that's the best way to could describe it lol My entree was the sea scallops and a side order of lobster Mac and cheese and man I couldn't finish my plate.. I honestly thought the plates would be small like those uppity restaurants in the city, but Nope not here .After we have finish our waiter had the nerve to ask if we wanted desert .. I'm like sir you can't be serious ! Anyway he decided to bring out the complimentary big ass chocolate slice of cake like the one in MATILDA with a scoop of ice for the birthday boy and we still couldn't finish..To be honest I think I like this spot better than the Polo Bar .. I will be back absolutely
#REVIEW#Great food, good service, okay ambience. (Big bucks are needed to sample the courses. Since I'd already decided on the Crab Legs $73 (fantastic) - the Mr got his calamari $20 (nice enough) then Sea Bass $52 (good but not at the level of Cheng's back home). The speciality cocktail menu had 1/2 interesting drinks 1/2 traditional. Unfortunately the interesting ones are heavy on the bitters - the Elderflower Elyxr $17 was awful. I didn't ask the waiter to remove the cost - after all trying unusual cocktails is what I like to do - but he did so when he saw I wasn't drinking it. Service in general was good but not amazing. Given the crowd more support staff for the waiters would have made a difference.This Sunday night in February was busy. It got busier and loud as the night wore on. Sound seemed to bounce all over the room which made conversation difficult. The uninspiringly, elegant setting and high ceilings rate an 'okay ambience' for me.
#REVIEW#Just plain WOW. From the start to the finish. King crab and in season Halibut followed by Butter Cake. Nuff ssid.Our server Joshua was simply unbelievable, his level of knowledge on wines alone was mind boggling. We showed him a picture of a wine we had on a recent Cruise and he steered us to one that out did it. And it wasn't one of the high on the list ones either.We will be back when in the city again
#REVIEW#Stopped in for a quick drink and apps before dinner. The service was attentive and the drinks good. I ordered the lamb chops and hubby had the tuna tartare both were delicious.
#REVIEW#My fiancée and I celebrated our anniversary dinner here and it was a tremendous disappointment. While I'm glad to see everyone else's very positive reviews (which we based our reservation on), I'm simultaneously envious because we had such a letdown of an evening. We started with an order of steak tartar ($22) and shared the sea bass ($55) and rib eye ($62), along with a side of button mushrooms ($15).The food was a mixed bag for us, but before we even get there, I think the main issue of the night was the quality of service. We arrived at 7:05 for our 7:00 reservation, but our orders weren't taken until 7:25. We literally sat there for 20 minutes, watching other people get their orders taken and having food delivered. In retrospect, I guess we should have asked a waiter for assistance, but we were being patient at the time and figured the restaurant was just slammed. Finally, the food hit our table at 7:48.This trend of lethargy and inattentiveness would continue throughout the evening: they put the appetizer in front of her instead of in between us to share; we asked for more crostini for our appetizer and it took at least 10 minutes to come; after putting in our orders, our waiter came back to me and asked how I wanted my steak cooked despite having already mentioned it; lemons for our water took so long to come that we considered whether the wait staff forgot about them; and, when we asked to have our food boxed up at the end of the night, we were handed a plastic box and simply did it ourselves. (I don't have an issue with the boxing up, per se, but it's a bit difficult to imagine that other places would do the same and also charge $55 and $62 for entrees.)Now that that's out of the way... the food was mostly delicious. We were quite disappointed with the bread (neither the bread nor butter had any flavor; it tasted like it needed salt) so that was a bad start, but the steak tartar was great. We loved the balance of salty and savory. While the tartar was very good, the crostini that we paired it with was strange... one side was crispy and scrumptious, but the other side wasn't baked at all. It created a very strange and dissatisfying effect.The steak, too, was on the underwhelming side. The first bite was amazing -- it had a great, flavorful crust -- but as the meal went on it just tasted more and more medium and not medium rare. It looked medium rare... but it tasted very tough. Not sure how to explain that one, and not worth $62.On the other hand, the sea bass was divine; it was literally the best sea bass we had ever tasted. Perfectly silky smooth. We didn't love the truffle flavor, and I personally thought that the mashed potatoes detracted from the sea bass itself, but aside from that we loved the dish. Portion size wasn't great, but it was delicious and totally worth every penny. Finally, the button mushrooms were also very good. $15 is a bit steep for mushrooms, but it comes with the territory.Overall... completely let down. I expected excellent service to match the price tags but didn't get any of that. I don't know if it's because we were seated in the upper level and away from the main floor, or because the place was totally slammed (though it didn't seem like it because the wait staff weren't running around), or if that's just how the restaurant operates. Food was good, but the service was abysmal.
#REVIEW#Phenomenal!After searching for eateries in the general area, I came upon this place based off reviews, the menu, and comfortable seating (meaning it's not a typical Manhattan restaurant where everyone is on top of each other). I do not regret choosing this place.I made a reservation and once we got in, were seated right away.  Everyone from the front to the waitress to the manager making rounds asking us how we were to the guy filling up the waters were simply outstanding all across the board. I mean, there is friendly service and then there's here. A lot of places need to learn from this location. We opted for the booth on the floor level, but next time we'll try upstairs with the "view". The place overall is comfortable and clean - the decor is great and welcoming. The menu is simple, but offers enough variety. It's called "Ocean Prime", so while seafood is the main event here, there are options like steak/filet mignon as well. The wine/cocktail list is pretty varied as well.We both ordered the lobster bisque. I've never had a better lobster bisque anywhere. They even came with the bowl showing the lobster inside before pouring the bisque. I would come here just for the bisque. It was that good. I tell you, if you enjoy lobster bisque, try this one - you won't regret it. I ordered the two lobster tails, which were excellent. My companion ordered the scallops with risotto (I had a taste - excellent). The portions were enough and satisfying - and cooked perfectly. The desserts were also outstanding. The cheesecake was perfect and the creme brulee was superb. Definitely recommended to all and of course I will be coming back for sure.
#REVIEW#Love this place!!! Very very beautiful restaurant. I came here for restaurant week for dinner and got:- calamari- filet mignon- chocolate dessertEverything was super great, but we had a reservation and had to wait 45 minutes for our table and that's why I'm not giving it 5 stars. They did offer us a free drink on the house for the wait but I was so starving by the time we had to sit down.
#REVIEW#The place is always packed and filled with people of all ages. The bar is always active and lively. We checked in and the host told us there's a coat check. After dropping off our coats, we waited about 10 mins to be seated even though we had a reservation. We were served water and bread right away. We got a bottle of Chianti and a dozen oysters to start. The oysters and the accompanied condiments were fresh as well. The blackened snapper was delicious. Zesty and flavorful- really pleasing for your taste buds. The Chilean sea bass was so tasty. Cooked perfectly to be soft but flaky. The texture was incredible. The mashed potatoes were great with the fish. For dessert we had the creme brulee and the butter cake. The creme brulee was creamy and had a think sugar crust. The butter cake was great! Incredibly buttery and rich. It's a great restaurant with good food.
#REVIEW#Trying to fill our 5-year anniversary weekend with all kinds of things to do, I remember walking past an Ocean Prime in NY and thinking dinner at Ocean Prime would be the perfect way to end the weekend with a bang! Even though we reserved online a day before the dinner, there were still so many times available! This was such a pleasant surprise for us. We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation and it seemed like every employee of Ocean Prime happily greeted us with "Happy Anniversary"! It was lovely and seemed so genuine! We were given an intimate booth in the back - how thoughtful of Ocean Prime! We started off with the Berries and Bubbles cocktail as well as ordered the surf 'n' turf and Chilean Sea Bass for our entrees. We even ordered the peanut butter and chocolate pie as dessert! The Berries and Bubbles cocktail was beautifully presented! When poured into the glass, a airy dry smoke ethereally filled the glass, creating a mysterious "dry smoke" around the drink. Even a few minutes later after the smoke disappeared, the drink stayed bubbling, like a pretty purple potion. One sip in and the cocktail tasted basically like a berry juice! The Berries and Bubbles cocktail is very sweet and easy to drink. So if you need something easy to drink, this is the one! The main stars of the surf 'n' turf entree were the 8-ounce filet, cooked at medium rare per our choice, as well as some lobster poached in butter. Although I wish there were more lobster provided, given the expensive price, it was delicious and soft! There wasn't much of an exploding flavor when the lobster was eaten by itself, but when it was mixed with the sauce of the steak, then it became much more flavorful. The steak was also quite flavorful and paired well with the vegetables. The meal also came with a potato cake, which was a bit salty. It reminded me of eating a very soft Pringle. I had to douse the saltiness down with water with each bite, although I still loved the taste. The Chilean Sea Bass was like entering fish heaven! I loved the crispiness at the top, but the inner portions of the sea bass were extremely soft. This fish cloud was floating upon some whipped potatoes - also very soft and delicate. The dish stated there was champagne sauce, but it was difficult for me to taste it. When the peanut butter chocolate pie came over, we were pleasantly surprised to see a little candle as well as a piece of milk chocolate stating "Happy Anniversary"! It was a nice and delicate little touch to add onto our wonderful night here. I was pleasantly shocked to see the pie looked more like a Chocolate Moon Pie as opposed to the stereotypical triangular slice. One fork in, and we noticed how the chocolate and peanut butter beautifully mixed together - chocolate ganache coating on the outside, peanut butter mousse on the inside. It was the perfect amount of sweetness! After a long dinner course, we eventually were defeated by this large and tasty peanut butter chocolate pie. What a wonderful way to celebrate such a momentous occasion! If you have any special occasions coming up, make sure to come down to Ocean Prime to help you celebrate! You will be treating yourselves to quality service and wonderful food!
#REVIEW#Always an excellent dining experience. This time we had cocktails at the bar before dinner and glad we did; the bartender was a delight. 2 rounds of Berries and Bubbles and Cosmos. Victor was our server and just wonderful. We are now torn between having him or Michael as they are equally excellent. Thank you to the entire staff for always ensuring we are cared for. Ocean Prime is a must! There are tons of places that you can visit in Midtown but Ocean Prime is an experience and I have dined at locations throughout the country and  it's always outstanding. Always order:The butter cakeThe crab cake The Chilean Sea Bass The lobster mash Berries and Bubbles For this visit we shared everything I just loved that they plated it as such.
#REVIEW#Awesome seafood. Awesome service. Table for 6 and we got in and out (skipped dessert -too full) in an hour ...they asked if we had a show to get to and took care of us without us feeling rushed. Seafood tower appetizer was fresh tasting and NO work....lump crabmeat, shrimp cocktail, king crab claws, lobster claws, raw oysters on half-shell and all the trimmings. It was so good all 6 of us, including two diehard carnivores, ordered seafood. Crab cakes were light with no filling however I should have only ordered one they were so big. Deceiving look at first because formed in a perfect circle, but crisp on the outside ...necessary to cook in a round tin because there is no breading (no chunks of onions or peppers either to distract from the crab flavor). Scallops were raved about. One ordered the grouper and was very pleased. Two Ordered Sushi for dinner.....the ahi tuna roll was delicious.The place was packed, yet we could still hear ourselves talk. Warm, dark atmosphere, good for dinner dates.
#REVIEW#Wow. From the moment you walk in you are immersed in "oceanic" vibes if you will. This is upscale dinning with the price tag to match. The food is outrageously fresh and delicious, the staff is super attentive and friendly. Bring your wallet and your appetite and try as much and anything on the menu. You won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#excellent service, food was out of this world amazing! we had shrimp cocktail, steak, fish and butter cake desert, it was very tasty all our dishes were perfect. I would highly recommend!
#REVIEW#OMG this place is so delish!  I went with my gf who was visiting and I typically don't like to go to chains but soooo worth it!First ambiance beautiful!  Everything youd expect from a 'fancy' restaurant and more.  (Dont feel like you have to dress up though, we dressed medium, don't let your attire stop you from going)Service... our waiter was perfect.   Polite, helpful, timely Important stuff:Lobster bisque. $20 but one of the best I've ever had.   It's bisque but wasn't heavy, sounds like a contradiction but it felt lite and rich.  The portion was huge,  maybe to justify the price but half portion for $10 wouldn't be a bad ideaScallops.  Had the beautiful coloring, melts in your mouth.  Period.Cocktail!  I forgot the name but it bubbles right in front of you!  Sooo much fun esp if you're with your gf or someone awesome who will appreciate a fun drink.  Too fun to not try!We didnt have dessert because omg I was so full it hurt (too full but loved every bite)Dying to return!  Thank you!
#REVIEW#I truly enjoyed every bit of my experience at Ocean Prime.I made last minute open table reservations for 3, my mother, my 5 year old daughter and I were in the area and craving seafood. We were seated promptly and given the restaurant week menu, a young adults menu (love it) and a wine book. I inquired about the theater menu I had saw online (a $65 pp prefix menu that includes double lobster tails) and the waitress brought it right out. I encourage anyone dining before 6:30 Tuesday through Saturday or all night on Sunday to take a look - we were flabbergasted by the amount of food and the quality of food for the price. Ordered:Bubbles & Berries Steak TartarCeaser SaladFrench Onion SoupDouble Lobster Tails W/ Choice of Seafood Addition.Mashed PotatoesMacaroni and Cheese "Young Adults" Chicken fingers with saladChocolate Peanut Butter TorteButter Cake with BerriesWe enjoyed everything! The French onion soup was HUGE. The salad was enough for four people probably. They really don't skimp out on serving sizes here! The side dishes that accompanied the entrees were even huge! Each entrée comes with a choice of seafood addition which was awesome. I chose the crab cake while my mother had the seared scallops. For a seafood lover like myself, its hard to find a beautiful place in the city without exuberant pricing. We asked for the desserts to be packaged to go - we couldn't even look at them! Dont get me wrong, it is an expensive place - but your money goes much further here than some of their counterparts and the experience and ambiance was beautiful.
#REVIEW#Saw Cameron (The Boss) on CBS and the foods looked great on tv. Went online and saw a gift card special. Purchased it and made a Friday night reservation ahead of time for a cozy booth. Request honored. Check-in with friendly host got to our table on time. Our server (Alex) was welcoming and outstanding. Recommended wine and entree specials. Very accommodating the entire time. Food was delicious and prices are in the NYC fine dining ballpark which is expected. Manager came by to check in before dessert which was appreciated. Overall, very professional and well run. Lighting a bit dark in the dining area but it's nice if you are there with a special someone. The pre-theatre pre-fix option is a bargain (call ahead for it). Looking forward to our return.
#REVIEW#I have been to the Ocean Prime in Tampa, Florida and it does even compare to the one by Times Square! This Ocean Prime was the best I have been to and as one of my all time favorite restaurants, that is saying a lot! I went for my anniversary and they gave us complimentary champagne upon arrival. We started with the dynamite roll, topped with bang bang shrimp - outstanding. We ordered the surf and turf with a side of truffle mac n cheese - unreal. The seafood and steak was cooked perfectly and the mac n cheese ( I have tried them all ) was the best mac n cheese I have ever had ever. PERIOD. My all time favorite dessert is the butter cake and it was baked to perfection as usual and came with a "happy anniversary" chocolate on it. The service was fabulous and the dinner was so extremely enjoyable of course I will be back.
#REVIEW#One of the best seafood places in the city. No need for fancy dress but the food is worthy. I only take off a star because the place in Miami is a step above... maybe being so close to the ocean flavors their food.  The sea bass is spectacular.
#REVIEW#Can I give this more than 5 stars? We had an absolutely exceptional dinner and dining experience. Gus and the busser were so nice, friendly, and helpful. They really added a lot to our dinning experience. They were also very conscientious of our time constraints to get to our play on time. They offered a theatre menu that was amazing with a lot of unique and delicious options. The entrees were all the same size as the regular menu options which provided a lot of food. We did not leave hungry. The pre fixie theatre menu came with three courses. For our first course, we had a Caesar salad and French onion soup. Both classic items and prepared in the traditional way. Again, pretty large potions and we weren't able to finish it all without ruining our appetite for dinner. For the main entrees, we had twin lobster tails with sea scallops and mashed potatoes. And an 8oz filet with sea scallops and truffle Mac and cheese. The sea scallops were cooked to perfection with no grit in them. The steak was also perfectly cooked to the temperature we had asked. The lobster was also a large portion and cooked great as well. If you like truffle, you would love the truffle Mac and cheese. I could only have a few bites because it is so rich but it is just divine. For dessert, we tried both options available to us. The butter cake with vanilla ice cream and fresh berries and the peanut butter pie. Again, both decadent desserts and very rich. We couldn't finish them but trust me I tried. We took all our leftovers to go and I can't wait to eat them tomorrow. I definitely recommend this restaurant, it is close to the theaters and a wonderful experience.
#REVIEW#Easily the best scallops I've had in terms of flavor and freshness.  But we found shells in 2 of the 4.  Rather large pieces.  The risotto was good and creamy.  Maybe a tad too mild in flavor for me.  Some shiitake mushrooms would have been perfect to add in.  The fresh herbs on top looked pretty but I wouldnt recommend eating them with the dish.  The celery pieces were a bit bitter and surprising when you get a mouth full.    The filet was cooked decent but lacking the wow factor that I've had at other restaurants.  I'd prefer a bit more char for my taste and some more pepper.The sourdough bread is outstanding!  Great flavor and density.  I liked their butter served whipped instead of a frozen block like many other places.We ordered the bacon creamed spinach but didnt eat it. The flavors didnt make sense to me and I was overpowered with a smokey bacon flavor instead of an savory creamy taste.Lastly, our server Camille was awesome!  She persuaded us to customize every dish the way we wanted and was super friendly and explained all the specials clearly.  It felt like she really cared about us and wanted us to enjoy our meal to the fullest extent possible.
