#NAME#The Flatiron Room
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-flatiron-room-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#lounges,jazzandblues,tradamerican#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Really happy with my recent visit here. **Make a reservation.** Intimate and classy vibe, dim lights, awesome live jazz onstage. Perfect ambiance for a date or for hanging out with friends. Really lovely, attentive servers. Overall: 4.75; Drinks: 4; Service: 4.5; Ambiance: 5Drinks: 4/5Cool selection of drinks. Tasty (but admittedly not the best/most interesting cocktails I've had). I will said what stood out a lot were the cocktail garnishes. I was a little surprised that a lot of the featured cocktails didn't have whiskey in them.- Final feast: Drink was topped with a shiso leaf with a nori cracker on top. You're meant to leave the leaf on as you sip. Really nutty taste from rice-based and sesame-based ingredients.- Forever Young: Had a slice of cucumber on top. Really refreshing. Not very sweet.- Lychee fizz: Whole lychee on top, yum. Really refreshing, fruity drink.
#REVIEW#While the place itself has really amazing ambiance and whiskey selection, this place is incredibly overpriced and overdone. The place was pretty much empty on a Friday night and the music was not the music advertised on the website and it was pretty meh. The performers took a break every 15 minutes. They have whiskey bottles here that they sell for $600 that are normally $140 in the store. This place is cool, but not $460 up-charge cool.The food is awful. I had a salad which was alright, the pickled strawberries were one the stranger items on the plate. My husband had the fried chicken which came served on a piece of slate with a glass cover on it. Such a spectacle for chicken that couldn't be bothered to be seasoned with even salt and pepper. I had the flatbread which I could have myself at home with some focaccia from Whole Foods and a serious amount of shredded leaf mozzarella. Slap a line of marinara and pesto down the middle and voila, a very dry flavorless flatbread. They try so hard to be trendy but totally miss the mark on flavor and quality. The garden of eden has so many leaves in it I was wondering why there was a salad in my drink and I couldn't take a sip of it without getting rosemary or mint jammed up my nose. Again... looked nice, but unfortunate. Of note, I see a lot of reviews about this place being  a touch pretentious. Here's what I'll say ... they are nice and hold the front door for you if you have a reservation (which we did) but when your time starts winding down, so does the service. When we left, not even a goodbye, thanks or anything, and they just looked at us while we let ourselves out the door and no one else was waiting to be seated or in the front area. So insanely overpriced, not worth it. The 2 stars are for the good service we had for 1 hour of our 2 hours there.
#REVIEW#This place is great! Whiskey flights are a great way to learn, and the waitstaff are educated and give excellent explanations. The live music was a lot of fun, which I believe they play most nights per week. They do offer private tastings as well for a group. This is a nice place to go with your parents, a small group, or on a date.
#REVIEW#Went there for my boyfriends birthday. Attended a whisky and cheese tasting- i  am not a fan of whisky at all but did it for him. Overall it was insightful and an experience, definately meant for a special occasion, or if your really into whisky. After the tasting we  sat downstairs where they had live jazz and had dinner. The ambiance was great and perfect for celebrating a birthday. They were very attentive. In summary i would say go for a special occasion - its the ambiance and experience that makes it great... not per se the food.
#REVIEW#It's hard for me to not like a whiskey bar . . . but there's a first time for everything.First, the positives: this establishment is lovely in appearance, with a retro nightclub or old-fashioned private club feel.  The biggest decorative element is also the place's biggest draw, its massive trove of whiskies, which literally encircle the patrons in cabinets all around the room.  I also appreciated the live music, performed by a singer and band who dressed in a kind of 1950s lounge act getup that complemented the old-world vibe.  The bartender was also friendly and freely offered suggestions based on our taste preferences.However, the experience was marred by two big downsides that, to me, are nearly fatal when it comes to a good whiskey bar experience.  The first one is that this place is snobby.  No other word for it.  The door staff has a standoff-ish attitude and give the distinct impression that they look down upon people who come without a reservation to have a drink at the bar (because, God forbid one not book ahead . . . at a bar . . .).  We'd arranged to meet some friends here, and they each reported a series of belittling comments from the hostess as they arrived, culminating in one who was told, "There is no one for you here."  (In fact, we were standing just inside.)The second is that Flatiron Room is also really pricey -- even for New York, even for a whiskey bar.  Their menus are not terribly up to date, as we ordered two or three expressions, only to be told that they were unavailable.  And, on top of that, the pours are pretty paltry compared to other top-notch places in the city, such as Copper & Oak or Whiskey Ward (both on the Lower East Side, and both of which get my strong recommendation over this bar).To sum up, do you want to pay a lot for less of the same whiskey you can get at dozens of other high-end whiskey bars in the city, after being put down at the door?
#REVIEW#Had a great, relaxing dinner for my babe's birthday. It was my first time watching a jazz band with a singer and it was enthralling. We got a round table near the stage. The food was nothing special (the portions were not bad) but the drinks that they make are great! They were very unique, fresh and they make an array of them, as well has having an impressive selection of liquor.The service did not hover-which I love. The Flatiron Room is definitely a place to sit back and enjoy some good music and cocktails and would be a wonderful idea for date night.
#REVIEW#As awesome as it gets! This place is a hidden gem. I have been living in NYC for 5 years but never heard of this before. Until one day I was looking for places with live jazz music. The ambiance is amazing. Pretty good for a romantic date. Everyone right from the person checking you in to coat check to the servers, all are really nice.We had reservation, so they seated us at one of the tables right in front of the stage. There is a lot of seating on the side as well, depending on the size of the party. But there is also open bar with place to stand if you just want to hop around. They are famous for their whiskey and rightly so. The options were pretty good and the server was happy to make recommendations depending on our taste. Loved every drink we tried (Do not remember the names lol). We did not eat anything. The options on the menu did not look interesting either.Now lets talk about the music. There are usually two band performances (6-8/9 - 11). I would recommend going for the latter. The first band was just ok but the second one was really good. All in all, definitely worth a visit if you are music and whiskey lover.
#REVIEW#The Flatiron Room is something you should absolutely try while being in New York. My friend and I came on a Friday night with 9:45 reservations. ...you should absolutely make reservations to this place. Right when we walked in, we were greeted with a big smile and had our coats checked. We were seated in the very front, having a prime view of the live jazz band (who were amazing I might add!) Although I had went with a friend, this is definitely a date night type of place, lol. Because we ate dinner beforehand, we ordered the charcuterie board and two tasting flights. The charcuterie board was good, nothing extraordinary. My favorite on there was the blueberry compote on top of the cheese. The tuna tartare was way too fishy and the only thing we didn't/couldn't finish. I ordered the Bourbon Tasting flight ($40) and my friend ordered the World Tour Tasting flight ($55). You get 6 types of bourbons per flight. Loved the fact that each alcohol's origin and how it was made was explained to us in depth. My friend really enjoyed the world tour, each one varying greatly from the other. My tasting flight was hella strong and I was honestly nervous I'd get too drunk haha, but it ended up being fun and they provide distilled water and ice cubes if you need to dilute the alcohol. Our waiter Juan was the homie! He literally explained all 12 different bourbons to us and every single cheese and meat that was on that charcuterie board. Thank you for your great service. I will totally come back!
#REVIEW#This place is always a great place to drop by and listen to some jazz while having a conversation to catch up with your friends. The vibe is more upscale but less strict than most jazz clubs in the city (you can talk while the musician is singing/playing). You will have to be seated by the hostess so the wait can be quite long without a reservation. They have amazing cocktails here and some rarely found scotches. Definitely a go to spot in flatiron.
#REVIEW#Great vibe and great live jazz.  Will absolutely come back to try more classic drinks as well as some new ones.  Check it out!!!!
#REVIEW#Excellent service and great food.  The appetizers and whiskey tasting was a hit with our group.  They accommodate all tastes and diets.  There were GF and Veg choices, as well as delectable meat and poultry dishes.  The bourbon fried chicken was awesome and my vegetarian gumbo was very good.  The jazz was well done and not so loud that we couldn't hear. I'm going here every time we're in NYC!
#REVIEW#This is by far my favorite lounge in all of NYC, it's got the ambiance, top notch alcohol offerings and live jazz every night! I was also introduced to Japanese whiskey here, boy they have a wide selection of alcohol! Try the whiskey flight if you want to try a variety, the waiters are extremely knowledgeable - they'll give you a mini lesson on how to taste!
#REVIEW#Why is this venue not more well-known for its food? Came here for a friend's birthday. Was looking for live jazz as entertainment and hoping venue was conveniently located and food was decent. Flatiron Room absolutely surpasses all the requirements. Had to tell the manager how impressed I was with the food. She mentioned the menu was recently revamped with the intention to bring more attention to the quality of the food. I think you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. We ordered so many different types of dishes and all were excellent. Saw two different bands perform and they were so talented and entertaining. Space is fun and classy ; service was attentive and professional
#REVIEW#Nice place for some jazz multiple groups played while we were there.We got some drinks and some small plates (I'd recommend making a reservation)Nice ambiance and nice to sit at, great customer service. But I'd say if I came again it would mostly be for the drinks. One of us got a whiskey sampler which was explained by the waiter, and then ordered a whiskey which came with a water dropper and ice kit .. the attention to detail!Steak bites were great  Clean and quality place
#REVIEW#The flatiron room is a classy performance bar. They serve an array of well crafted drinks while bands play on stage. During happy hour, there are 10 dollar drinks at standing tables. The interior resembles a library with booths and tables scattered throughout as well as a standing table. Service is attentive. OrderedLovely Kyoto - whiskey lychee in a bowl. Fun drink with a citrus kickForever young - Hendricks and cucumber citrus. Fresh
#REVIEW#Have been coming to this place for years now and it is still one of my favorite jazz venues. It has a classy vibe and an elaborate drinks menu - good cocktails and a terrific collection of whiskeys. This is also one of the few places in NYC with a bottle keep program. (Buy a bottle of what you enjoy and they will save it with your name for the next time you come in).The servers here are friendly and very accommodating. Would highly recommend this place!!
#REVIEW#Beautiful cocktail bar with a huuuuge selection of whiskey. Tons of options for everything! Really wonderful service; cozy decor. Food also gorgeous (but completely OK imo...)
#REVIEW#Great liquor program, completeWith flights is bourbons, scotches, etc.  Excellent live, jazzy entertainment. I have not yet tried the food, but I look forward to returning to this beautiful venue.
#REVIEW#This place is a NY classic. My wife and I recently walked in and were warmly greeted by a smartly dressed man wearing a suit. Despite it being really crowded (the place was booked and it was a Saturday night) he got us a great table and actually moved us closer to the stage when there was an opening and it began to clear out.  They have a nice area in the front lobby, but the inside is beautiful. The lighting is warm and there are live music performances every night.The drinks were great, though a bit pricey and the food was above average. However, it is the overall atmosphere of service from the warm welcome to the consistent service by waiters and bar staff, and managers, that know their stuff and make this place a solid 5-Stars.My wife and I would highly recommend this place and look forward to coming back again soon.
#REVIEW#Taken here by my fiancee for my birthday. Twas a nice surprise to come and enjoy live music along with some nice cocktails and dinner (she gets me y'all!). They had a plethora of whiskey selections and even offered flights for those who want to sample -- impressed they even had Japanese whiskey flights.Food was just alright. We planned to share some apps and nibble but somehow (always) ended up ordering way too much. The Mac and cheese was just awesome and highly recommend you try the sweet and crunchy cheesy goodness. You could probably skip the shrimp and scallop meatballs that were cooked in uni butter...didn't taste any of the uni butter and the dish itself was just underwhelming. Fiancee and I also shared the bacon and buffalo meatloaf entree with a side order or sauteed mushrooms. Guess who took two bites and gave up....Anyways, good size portions of food and the music was on point. I love to see musicians and their craft live and enjoy it more when you can see the connection everyone has when performing. The prices are up there and you should make reservations if you plan on sitting at a table and eating... but treat yo'self!
