#NAME#Westville East
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/westville-east-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tradamerican,beerbar,bakeries#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#YUM!!!! Such fresh, healthy, and tasty food. Definitely on the expensive side; but what do you expect in NYC..? This location is pretty small so I would come early if you have a party larger than 4 because they don't have many larger tables. The only strange thing is the bathroom is located behind the kitchen and I almost got ran over by a few servers rushing food out trying to get back to my table. I would 100% return here or order out from here if I want a healthy and satisfying meal.
#REVIEW#I went here on a Saturday afternoon with a friend. We both ordered the Greek salad; my friend got it with tofu and I ordered mine with grilled chicken. We also got a tea and a coffee. Quite honestly, the food was decent, but it wasn't mind blowing. I was expecting the salad to possibly have more vegetables and be a little more savory, but it was pretty much just s decent tasting salad. The service was standard and the environment was a bit granola-y. Our total bill was $50; which for two salads and tea is a little pricey.Did I have a good meal? Yes. Would I return? No. Too plain and too pricey for what we got.
#REVIEW#Food is usually good. But yesterday i ordeered lunch at 1:40 and by 3.00 i had to call to see where the food was bn that i live 2mins awayTurns out my order was cancelledThey sent me a new order but didnt even offer anything for the in-convince i guess waiting for ur lunch is funny.
#REVIEW#The best thing about Westville may be its consistency. You always know what you are gonna get. Fresh, tasty (maybe healthy?) food for lunch, brunch, or dinner alike. It's always the perfect amount of food, great service, and the price is fine as well. Have had more than my share of the menu, and it's delish! Tried the salmon salad recently, and it did the job. All the veggies are also top notch; try the Brussels, broccoli, and sweet potatoes.
#REVIEW#I wish I can eat here everyday all day. I've been to multiple Westville locations and the quality and service is consistently awesome. This is just the perfect place to dine with your friends of all dietary backgrounds as well as ones who don't really care what they eat as long as it's delicious. Healthy food! Great tasting food! Delicious vegetables! Feel good food good for your body! Say yes to Westville! everybody wins!
#REVIEW#Love, love, love westville! Everything is so good, and the service is fast. I've been a few times and I've tried something different every time, and honestly everything is good and not terrible for you. Definitely a plus! I had the health tea one visit this winter and I'm obsessed with it. I went Friday night and I had a mango Prosecco lemonade which was delicious. The corn appetizer was okay, it was a little underwhelming compared to everything else. I also had the Farro mango salad which was delicious.  My friend had the Greek salad which she also liked. On another trip my boyfriend had the salmon plate, and we split the arugula salad. The Brussels sprouts were so good, I've also liked the cauliflower, the kale, the Mac and cheese, the truffle fries, Cobb salad and the turkey chili! Can't wait to go back to try more of their awesome veggies and sides!
#REVIEW#I enjoy Westville as a go to for "semi-healthier" options or just at least fresh ingredients and vegetables if I want them. I've been several times usually for brunch. This location can get pretty crowded, so I recommend getting here earlier if you don't want to wait as long for a table. They do move quickly and pack in as many people as they can. Service is friendly and efficient. I've had issues with missing ingredients to my dish (no cheese or avocado like was expected), but the waiter always rectifies immediately when I tell them. The Caesar salad is very good as is the Mac and cheese. I've also really enjoyed the California eggs Benedict. Their fries are super crispy and I also love their iced chai lattes with soy milk. I would recommend for a casual and moderately priced meal and a semi healthier spin on dishes that are still filling due to the good portion sizes. You can also go full out healthy if you want to, I just usually tend to not choose those dishes.
#REVIEW#Still trying to figure out why I've been here over 6 times and have not yet written a review. 5 stars for being always consistent with the bomb full of flavor food! I've been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and it's never been a miss, always a hit. The employees are super friendly and have a "chill vibe" which I love. There's always two menus, a seasonal one and the regular menu. Any meal from both menus have been delightful. Today I went for brunch, and I finally tried the Westville waffles. Delishhhh with a side of their to die for pork sausage! I shouldve asked what brand their pork sausage is... it's always bursting with flavor after the first bite! I've also tried the 'California benedict' - definitely worth a try! Avocado, corn, poached eggs, Hollandaise sauce? YES!If you love coffee, I always get the iced mocha (so good even if it's to-go) definitely worth the $5! One time I got this frozen Prosecco drink, it was mixed with something else but it was extremely refreshing during the summer time! NEVER BEEN TO WESTVILLE? YOU GOTTA COME!
#REVIEW#If you are looking for a healthy spot to eat, westville is the place for you! Everything on the menu is very fresh, quickly made, and a nice coozy atmosphere. This is my go to place when I'm looking for something equally delicious, and on the healthier side. This time I went for brunch and had the southwestern breakfast bowl which had poached egg, avocado, beans, corn, cilantro, pico de gio, guacamole, and cilantro rice. It was delicious! They also always have the freshest vegetables, changed by season
#REVIEW#A group of 3 of us came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning, and it's not a very big place so we had a 45 minute wait. There was a farmers market and park nearby so we just wandered until we got the text that our table was ready. The tables were all very close and I felt like I was in the way BUT a very cute restaurant overall. It's decorated nicely, has a great menu (love all the veggie options) and the service was FANTASTIC. I'm doing the Whole30 so I had to ask a bunch of annoying questions about how the things were cooked to make sure if would be compliant and he was happy to accommodate. My scramble with zucchini & chicken and a side salad were simple but tasty, and it was great that the dressing was only made out of just lemon and olive oil (very refreshing) so that I could actually eat it. My friend also loved her avocado toast and couldn't even finish it because it was a lot of food. She also got the Bloody Mary that was made with sake and came with celery & olives - definitely unique.
#REVIEW#Came for Saturday brunch with a group of 4, I got the California Benedict, which is a hash brown, avocado, poached egg, and an AMAZING sriracha  hollandaise sauce. The sauce was kind of like chipotle mayo, it worked so well with the dish! Service was fast and friendly, they sat us outside which was nice. Highly recommend a visit!
#REVIEW#The place is a cool concept- simple healthy food prepared well. I've tried different locations a few times, this is my least favorite. Last time I went all the food was cold & the hostess was very rude. Not worth $20+ for vegetables & rude waitstaff. Won't be coming back.
#REVIEW#Good brunch menu and dietary options in a cute setting. I was disappointed with the eggs benedict: no English muffins and the smallest portion of smoked salmon ever (for $3 more!!!). That's $18 I won't be spending on that in the future.
#REVIEW#Neighborhood institution but really wish they'd try to be wasteful. Thick petrol plastic containers for salads and every.single.part of an order gets it's own container. Posting a single piece of cheese that was delivered in it's own container. Biodegradable materials and packaging things smartly would make a huge difference.  Village livers care about the planet.
#REVIEW#Healthy options, cute spot, service is speedier than a mustang. Came here for mimosas and brunch. I got a burrito wrap with scrambled eggs, salsa and avocado with mashed potatoes on the side. My friend got a southwestern brunch bowl with poached eggs, cilantro rice, avocado, beans, bacon, corn pico de gallo and salsa verde. She loved it! This place is good for a healthy bite and quick service.
#REVIEW#Great service, lovely atmosphere, casual dining, and some great food options! I got their special, a coconut curry vegetable bowl ($14). It was so much better than I expected! My friend also got their special, California chopped salad ($14). It was kale, avocado, and some other great bits. She personally loved it! I'd say their prices are fair and the portions are reasonable. I like trying new places since there's so many in nyc, but I already want to return!
#REVIEW#It's always a pleasure and positive experience everytime I come here for dinner. Made a reservation for 2 for 6 PM and was seated right when I arrived, 10 minutes early, before both of us were present. The staff is very friendly and always checked up on me to see if I needed anything while waiting. Of course, the food was delicious and the healthier options they have here were perfect for me and my friend's eating preferences. Had the plate of market vegetables, a side of grilled chicken, and an order of truffle fries (so good). Definitely check this place out if you're interested in vegetarian options or just wanted to have a healthier meal when eating out.
#REVIEW#Great place, despite being completely full we have been served fast and the service was great. food was very good, for a very moderate price. Will definitely visit many more times and recommend. might be too hustle if you are looking for quiet and private place to eat.
#REVIEW#Westville is the perfect place to go to dinner with a friend when you want to be healthy, not spend a lot of money, and make it quick. My go-to orders is the market plate. It let you choose a protein as well as two sides (which are usually seasonal, but it's an extensive list) for under $15! They don't take reservations and this location is kind of small. I've never had to wait but it's usually close quarters. I've also been to the FiDi location which has the same menu but is bigger and has a bar.
#REVIEW#Had a great dinner here on Halloween! The entire staff was dressed up, which was fun. My boyfriend and I split a special avocado chicken vegetable bowl thing, a side of sweet potato tater tots and a slice of the pumpkin tart. Everything was delicious, though the tots were a little cold and bland and therefore a letdown. Otherwise, no complaints!
