#NAME#The Spotted Pig
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spotted-pig-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers,bars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Came for lunch with a friend and enjoyed an eclectic mix of comfort food. Comfy bar hits you when you walk in and then dining area s that aren't the most comfortable ... it's quaint and a little small.Food is delicious. Yes, have the simple burger that is tasty and shareable on a brioche bun with a good slab ofmelted blue cheese. Shoe string fries are always fun to nibble at.My favorites are the liver toast (chopped liver) with really bold flavor ( pairs well with a tall cold drink from the bar) and the smooth deviled eggs.Deep in the heart of the West Village, a fun treat!
#REVIEW#Worst MeaLDisappointingSlimy liver.Tons of flat leaf parsley on top to cover the liquid liquid liver slop.  Burger is $28 dollars now.Used to be $17z.Aloha ssd to be much much better and bigger.Bun was stale tastingBurger overcooked. French fries are way to crisp and they changed the potato. No garlic chips in fries.Ive been coming here for 12 years .A lot.Something is wrong, gone and its sad.100  different and not in a good way.Service was abominable.
#REVIEW#Supposed to be an NYC experience serving up a great hamburger .... I wouldn't know because we've currently been sitting for over 70 minutes waiting for that burger... come check it out if you've got nothing to do .  Tim Hegarty
#REVIEW#I came here for brunch with friends sat at noon. It wasn't crowded and the service was prompt. It has a very low key kitchy vibe and super friendly staff. The burgers here are known to be amazing and after trying it I can confirm they are the best! So are the French fries.
#REVIEW#I came here to try their famously NYC ranked charbroiled burger & was definitely not disappointed. It wasnt the best burger I have tasted but definitely ranked on my top 3. The quality of meat is the definitely what makes it so darn delicious. I could have done without the cheese as sometimes it empowered the burger. The fries were also noteworthy & definitely enjoyed my meal. The drinks are also quite strong and the bar was full most of the night. Do make reservations if possible as our wait was about 45 min wo one.
#REVIEW#Disclaimer- Yes, this is for the burger. Yes, I gave it 4 stars versus the 3 stars I feel most people would lean towards because l I love salt (blame genetics)? and blue cheese but if you're not a fan of either of those, you're going to literally hate this burger. Also, the shoestring fries definitely aren't for everyone but since I manage to eat about 20 per bite and love rosemary/garlic, they were A-ok with me.My friend and I stopped by on a Tuesday a little after 5:30 and were seated immediately downstairs, both of us getting the "booth seats" (what I like to call the comfy seats). The decor is super cute and follows the theme so to speak with a lot of porcelain spotted pigs on walls' shelves. Of course, we ordered the burger medium rare. It took an unexpectedly long time but then again, we weren't starving and sometimes good things require patience! I also noted that it took roughly 20-25 minutes for everyone but again, I'm not a chef so I can't complain.Now, the burger. As mentioned before, it's definitely not for everyone. Blue cheese is a lot more pungent than most cheeses like mozzarella and provolone to start. This burger is also much saltier than most but not because of the actual party itself and instead more so the blue cheese and the fries. However, me being me, I enjoyed it but I can easily see the burger "throwing people off" so to speak- it's a love or hate thing and you won't know till you try it.
#REVIEW#Loved this place! Didn't come here on purpose but sat at the bar. Daniel the bartender was awesome. He was super friendly and we had fun chatting with him. The burger was unrealllll just make sure you like the cheese bc it's strong.  so juicy and delicious. Love the British style and the music. Can't wait to come back. Great service too!!
#REVIEW#Of course we came for the burger as almost every patron does. Stopped by around 530pm on a weeknight and we were seated immediately. We ordered a burger (medium rare) for each of us and it took a while for it to come out. Luckily we weren't super hungry and it gave us time to catch up. Burger is super tender and topped off with blue cheese. That's it. I'm a lover of all cheeses so it worked for me. I also love my salt, but this burger definitely went a tiny bit overboard on my standards. Just be warned if you have high blood pressure. The shoestring fries are also great. They give you a mountain of it. Wasn't quite sure if I should eat it a few strands at a time or shovel it in my mouth with a fork. Seating is a bit tight so come early to enjoy the space before it fills up.
#REVIEW#This is clearly an iconic NYC restaurant. I remember  coming here about a decade ago sitting upstairs and eating delicious soup. I ventured in last Sunday afternoon. It was a limited brunch menu with a very small selection. Probably because it was limited brunch, we got a seat right away downstairs by the bar. The server was friendly and helpful. The other diners to my dismay were mostly twenty something's chowing down on burgers and curly fries. The food is solid but the price point is still too high for what you get. The worst part about it is how cramped the seats are. You truly feel like you are on top of strangers. But A plus for ambiance and pig theme throughout.
#REVIEW#Not bad but way overrated and way overpriced. Not sure why this place gets so much hype and was Michelin starred for a bunch of years in a row. Apparently a lot of celebrities love to eat here too.The menu is relatively small (though it does offer some pretty unique dishes) and honestly the food just didn't do it for me my first time here. I ordered the Jungle Bird cocktail to drink and for food I tried the chicken liver toast as a starter and got their famous constantly buzzed about medium-rare burger with shoestring fries for my entree. The chicken liver toast was different and something unique to try but not really my cup of tea. The burger was nothing special aside from the roquefort cheese it was topped with and the fries it came with though plenty were so incredibly thin and crispy it was like eating unseasoned "Hot Fries" out of the bag. The Jungle Bird cocktail was strong and well mixed.The staff is friendly and welcoming enough and the service was good. I liked the atmosphere. With how popular and famous this place is I knew to stay away around dinner time as I've heard the waits can be quite long and I've heard they don't take reservations. I showed up on a Thursday at noon right when then opened for their 12 to 3 PM lunch time session and I was the first one there. First time here was definitely underwhelming but I will come back one more time at some point to try some of the other menu offerings.
#REVIEW#Spot me at the spotted pig often! The duck breast: crispy, well-seasoned, delicious. The Brussels sprouts: perfectly acidic, lightly salted, flakey crispy skin. Loved the wooden decor, the low-light vibe, and the beers all-around. We walked in on a Saturday night and there was only about a 30 minute wait.
#REVIEW#We were in the city for all of an hour, and the hotel for 10 minutes when we were begged by a friend to check this out. It's quaint and there isn't a lot of room; however, the ambiance was everything it needed to be, the people were awesome both server and customers, and the deviled eggs and apps were a YES! The drinks were pretty awesome too. This became our CHEERS bar for the week  and a place to return every time I am back.
#REVIEW#It's not all hype, just some Long waitsPacked houseUncomfortable stools at the bar and small tablesGood service that's not pushy to turn a tableRespectable price pointsMediocre wine options Burger is fine. The meat was perfectly cooked, medium rare with not too much cheese. The bun was boring, I guess not to take away from the other flavors. Nothing out of this world. Fries are a novelty that are difficult to eat while trying to look sexy on a date. Fun Fact: each huge pile of fries is one potato. Brussels Sprouts are ok. Found myself dipping them in mustard. And I love sprouts but these were, like the burger, plain. Ordinary. With all the talk of the Spotted Pig, and after a few visits, I'm not sold. Probably better that way to make more room for you. Enjoy.
#REVIEW#Maybe I should have tried the burger, despite the super cramped seating/space that barely fits a couple plates on the table? Maybe next time. We went in just a bit before 7PM and were seated in about 5 mins. We got a very small table, but it looked as if all tables/stools were like that. Not great for the claustrophobic. We got some drinks- a glass of white wine and their gin cucumber drink. Both were just ok. Nothing was special, considering the price point. The food we got (all shared) were- Rillette- comes with 2 slices of toasted bread so that you can assemble the product. Pork with duck fat, which you mix up (take out the bay leaf first). Spread that and some mustard on the bread and add some pickled veggies. Was an interesting dish. Other than the pickled veggies, it was rather bland (unfortunately). Was the bay leaf supposed to have add flavor, or was it a gimmick? Sheep's Milk Ricotta Gnudi with Basil Pesto- this was one of the more non-bland things we got. The ricotta with the pesto tasted like an actual pasta dish (flavor and texture gnocchi-like), which was neat. Yum! A special of the day- sausage with grits, fruit spread, greens. This was one of the prettier dishes, but the sausage (which I thought was to be the star of the dish) was very bland and dry. The other parts were ok, but was very disappointed with the sausage. Duck Fat Fried Potatoes- these were good. Fried potatoes. No dip or anything, but we're good on their own. Limited space, mediocre food (maybe I should have gotten the burger, as approximately 85% of the dishes we saw brought out was the burger), kinda pricey for what it was.
#REVIEW#Great burger, great service, great space.  Also enjoyed the deviled eggs and a seasonal app that involved shaved peaches, ham and balsamic. Ah-maze-ing. I get that it may not be as "popular" as it once was, but it was a solid meal in one of the best neighborhoods in the world.
#REVIEW#This is a popular place for their burger with garlic string fries. I was here with my son, who lives in Manhattan, and he encouraged me to stick with the burger. Good recommendation! It is cooked to order and comes with blue cheese on top in a grilled bun. I found the heap of skinny garlic fries tasty but more difficult to eat than I would have liked. They are also a bit salty, which is great for me, but may be challenging for low sodium palates. It is very busy here and the orders take a while. But, they do have a full bar and wine list to pass the time. Service was prompt enough and always friendly. Not a lot more to say - it's burger time!
#REVIEW#Here I am again at the Spotted Pig!  We arrived at around mightnight on a Monday and so did not have to wait for a table.  The deviled eggs were delicious and so was the nudee pasta.  Melt in your mouth perfection. The green beans, good too. What I really came here for was the famous burger.  It was good, but not so impressive as my first experience of it. I remembered a huge medium rare patty supported by melted cheese and the softest of buns.  Something you wouldn't need to use your teeth to devour! This time, the burger seemed a little bland, a tougher patty and more bready in texture.  Still, a good experience overall, however I'm glad I didn't have to wait for a table. The Camden Cab Sav was a disappointment and seemingly overpriced given its drinkability.
#REVIEW#Whether it's 90 degrees or 20 degrees, do yourself and pop into The Spotted Pig for a pint and a bite to eat. And by bite to eat I mean do yourself a favor and order the Deviled Eggs! This tiny little pub is like slipping on those old faithful pair of slippers after a long day in heels. It's refreshing, relaxing and downright delicious (more so than slippers). I had the Burger, shoestring fries and the Deviled Eggs. The burger was cooked perfectly, the cheese was melty and funky, and the toasted bun was slightly sweet but also savory. The fries were impressive to look at, but difficult to eat. They kept breaking off in the ketchup which was frustrating. Who knew a whole potato could make so many fries?!?My counterpart at the bar was in town from Iowa and mid meal he told me he never travels to NYC without getting an order of the Deviled Eggs. So I immediately ordered some. They were angelic (ironic, I know). They were rich and tangy and had chili oil and crispy chili flakes that did wonders to the pallet. I could have eaten two more orders. Get them please!
#REVIEW#I gave 2 stars because of the excellent service and for the good Cuban Sandwich my Wife had. We had waited so long to try this place. Luckily, we got there before they opened and were seated immediately. I had to try the "best burger in the U.S." 7 years running. I am a serious burger connoisseur and I've had some very, very seriously memorable burgers. The burger I had at The Spotted Pig was memorable all right. I have to say it was probably one of the most disgusting things I have ever put in my mouth. It's just meat and cheese, that's it. No seasoning to speak of, no mayo or sauce. I ordered it the way a true burger fan is supposed to, which is medium/well and it came out nearly raw. No flavor, dry, overpowering with the rokfort. $22? How did this place get the accolades that it has? Won't be going back.
#REVIEW#Went here for a team dinner after work and they got in a party of eight with no reservation, which was nice. That's kind of where the service stopped for me. If you wanted to order anything a little differently from how it showed on the menu, they basically told you they just wouldn't as it would ruin the dish and they didn't have any sides of sauces besides ketchup and mustard which was kind of a buzzkill. The Don Felipe drink was pretty legit. The burger was also very tasty. The bleu cheese was just right, but I ordered the burger medium well and it came out more like medium.
