#NAME#Mamoun's Falafel
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/mamouns-falafel-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mideastern,falafel#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Absolutely awesome! When you're craving shawarma, this has to be your destination. Lives up to the reputation and actually shattered expectations. I went with the West 4th street and my only complaint was not getting a 2nd sandwich. Warning, their hot sauce is not to be taken lightly. It's absurdly hot, delicious, but HOT!
#REVIEW#This is a cleaner, more spacious and slightly pricier sibling of the original in Greenwich village. They take credit cards here, and seem to have some more "combo" sandwiches on the menu.The sandwiches here are great - the same light pita, the thinly sliced shawarma and crispy falafel, the same zesty white sauce and the hotter-than-fire hot sauce. Absolutely tasty but somehow not as delicious as the ones served up at the original location. Perhaps not eating on the street makes the food taste a bit different?A good option in the diverse east village food scene. Make sure to drop in for a quick sandwich that you can eat standing at the counter, or take a seat at one of their tables and hang around for a bit.
#REVIEW#Mamoun's is an East Village staple, and is one of the best places to grab a late night meal that's somewhat healthy. Mamoun's has a a small and reasonable menu with pita sandwiches, and platters that come with rice. They have legendary falafel which is made the OG way with fava beans. They also have Fool Medames, which is a popular breakfast/street food in Egypt. I enjoy getting the Kefta pita sandwich, which is basically a ground lamb patty inside the pocket with all the same veggies. One of my pet peeves is messy sandwiches that fall apart (this will happen with the shawarma) but I'm safe with the kefta.Definitely keep Mamouns in mind for some tasty late night eats while you're popping around EV!
#REVIEW#When I pull my pants down, everyone gets to see Mamoun's.Yet another location of Mamoun's and they're turning out good food which is a little bit better standard than MacDougal Street's packed-all-the-time location, and way better than the ones in New Haven and the like. But not as good as the gold standard over in Hoboken as far as I can tell.Get the shawarma falafel combo pita with all the extras inside it.Now would you like all my extras inside it?
#REVIEW#Every time I come, the food is great.  The only one time it was not "great" was when they did not have any more rice.  It was at like 2:00AM though, so that was understood.  That rice is seasoned so well and makes the plate.  Had to come back just to get some the following weekend.  Lol.  Definitely recommend.
#REVIEW#I am a falafel lover. There are only so many places that make falafel savory and mouth watering. If you are on the lower east side or on Saint Marks, Mamoun's Falafel is the place to go. You can get rice or pita and it will fill you up for sure. It can get pretty busy and you can get your order to go. When there's not a line out the door, you can enjoy your experience inside or on the outdoor tables.
#REVIEW#Fast and tasty St. Marks staple, recommend it for an inexpensive grab-n-go. I heard the late night scene is crowded so I recommend this for a late lunch early dinner.
#REVIEW#Today I tried the "West Village" sandwich which had falafel and baba ganoush ($6.50 ish with tax). Previously I had tried one of their sandwiches with meat (I believe the shawarma). I think the vegetarian sandwiches are a better deal. With tax, a lot of the meat sandwiches are around $9-10 something, which isn't bad either and they do give a lot of meat so it's more filling than it looks, but I just still think I'm considering a quick, cheap eat so vegetarian could be the way to go on this. They put too much Tahiti sauce on the West Village sandwich but everything else was pretty delicious. One quick tip is- there's a menu up front but if you turn to your right, there is also a menu on the right wall with "signature sandwiches". If you just look at the main menu at the front you may miss the sign on the side!
#REVIEW#Probably one of the tastiest, if not thee tastiest falafel sandwich I've ever had. Most times that I have had falafel sandwiches there is some combination of the following issues:1. Falafel is dryer than the Sahara dessert2. Falafel is bland3. Veggies are not fresh4. Too much or not enough sauce5. Soggy pita bread6. Dry pita bread7. White sauce too heavy or wateryThis sandwich blew my mind. Firstly the falafel was piping hot, not dry and had lots of flavor. They pack it full of crunchy lettuce, soft but not mushy tomatoes and lots of pickled bits plus onion bits. Then..then comes the white sauce. Just the right viscosity not too heavy/creamy and not watery/bland. It really tied all the bits together. For those who love spice. Please heed my warning ------ that sh!t is so spicy. Start small and work up. I love spice and I made the mistake of drizzling a lot all up in there. It's so tasty but hot dang...... its out of this world spicy! So a little goes a long way. Since the sandwich was so good, I just endured the pain and powered through. It hurt so good. Protip: EASY on the hot sauce.
#REVIEW#I hadn't been to Mamoun's Falafels in about 2 years. I used to frequent the McDougall Street location, which is super tiny, but always reliable for a quick, tasty, inexpensive meal. Last night after going to a show nearby, I stopped in to the newly renovated St. Marks location. I immediately thought, good for them, they have more room to accommodate more people and it looks great in here! I noticed the prices were a bit higher than I recall, but still very reasonable. I ordered the "West Village" which is your traditional falafel but instead of hummus, it comes with baba ganoush and my fiancé ordered the traditional Falafel sandwich.When I got home, I ended up with a falafel sandwich without any hummus or baba ganoush. I understand they were busy and these things happen so I won't write them off, but I was pretty disappointed. Still, my fiancé and I both ate our sandwiches pretty quickly and agreed that while they look small, they are quite filling. At $5 for a traditional falafel sandwich and $6 for the "West Village" (hopefully next time the baba ganoush makes it into my sandwich!), it's a deal you can't beat.
#REVIEW#I have been coming here since college. The tastehas never deviated from amazing. I highly recommend the garlic fries. You will not be disappointed.
#REVIEW#It was a bit overrated now. I remember it years ago as more of a hole in the wall place. The original location seems a lot more busy and crowded but the Mcdougal sandwich was THE BEST ever, it included Shawarma and Falafel and it was on the money. The sandwich was stacked and it laid claim to be first meal of 2019. Normally hours are probably later open but since it was New Years Eve into New Years Day, I believe they closed a bit early. Still this is a spot worth a look. Suggestion is order the sandwich Falafel or Shawarma over the actual meal plate with the rice and veggies or fries overall. Will be back soon. Probability of returning: 89%, that is true.
#REVIEW#Very quiet time of day. I ordered immediately, no questions, said hi. Did fumble a bit with counting out my cash. The woman behind the register held out her hand for the money to rush me. No thank you, not a word as she handed me my change. My sandwich was up quickly, handed to me by another worker. I said, "thank you." Just a blank stare at me. What is wrong with people anymore? Where has any sense of politeness and customer service gone.  So demoralizing.
#REVIEW#I gave Mamoun's a 3 based on prior experiences. I've been to Mamoun's plenty of times. I can count on 5 hands on how many times I've been there. Today I came for lunch and the service was extremely fast. Too fast actually. With that beat said the lamb Swharma wasn't as fresh and tasted a bit cold. I felt as they pre made the sandwiches and just had itn ready. There wasn't enough meat on the sandwich as well. Usually the meat is stuffed to the top. It seemed like they were trying to charge more and give less as the prices went up in the last 7-8 years. I will still come back because the sandwiches are addicting but just don't have high expectations. The falafel balls are always a great addition because the sandwich is not filling (the prices on they went up as well) . The place is over all clean and beware of their hot sauce it is super spicy!
#REVIEW#I've been putting off trying Mamoun's for a while since there are so many Mediterranean places in NYC and how different could this one be. Big mistake, I should have come here a lot earlier. To be honest, their falafel are pretty comparable to all the other falafels I've had, but for the price I think it's great!I usually get the $5.75 vegetable pita sandwich combo with falafel and hummus and tabbouleh for lunch. It's only half a pita, but they pack it until overflowing. If you want pickles, turnips, and olives you have to specifically ask for it, but it's free. Really filling meal for only $5.75. I think the plates are a less of a good deal. I got a takeout $12.75 meat combo once and it didn't seem like a lot of food for $12.75 compared to the sandwiches.One thing you should definitely get is their fries. They are incredibly good, so crispy on the outside, but lots of potato on the inside. It's especially good with the toum. I read somewhere that this particular location of Mamoun's is owned by the same people who owned Circle, that Korean nightclub that closed down and Kang Ho Dong Baekjong. I was super surprised by that and not sure if it's true or not. Definitely would not have been able to tell if it is. Overall, delicious food and the service is quick. The only downside is that sometimes the seating area has a slight smell of urine, but maybe it's coming from outside. I usually take the food to go so doesn't affect me too much.
#REVIEW#Mamoun's Falafel is a great option for a quick, healthy, and affordable bite. Would opt for anything falafel on the menu. The portions are great and service is super efficient. TIP: Spicy sauce is a great touch, but is truly fire spicy - don't underestimate.Food: 4/5Service: 3.8/5Service Speed: 5/5Price (college student budget): $ Would return & recommend? 4/5instagram.com/grubgalz*follow @grubgalz on Instagram for more reviews & content!*
#REVIEW#Delicious and fast service. I think I ordered a veggie combo.. don't quite remember but I picked 3 veg options and a side of fries. Portion was big and I got 2 meals and a snack out of it.
#REVIEW#I'd heard all the hype about Mamoun's and was intrigued by it. I ordered the veggie combo plate with falafel, hummus, and baba ganoush (eggplant spread) on salad.I enjoy falafel, but I've never been a true FAN 'til I tried it here. While I often thought of falafel as very dry, it was far from dry here--it had such great flavor. It was the perfect size, allowing for a great consistency.The hummus was yummy and smooth--lives up to the hype. However, the real winner for me was the baba ganoush. It was so creamy and it had a deep smoky flavor that is so so worth trying. I wish I could buy it in a jar and put it on everything. The only thing that was just okay was the salad, it was romaine lettuce with a creamy dressing. Not a show stopper, but also it's salad. Everything else was on point!Mamoun's has reasonable pricing, the food was ready promptly and the service was kind! Worth trying!
#REVIEW#Great falafel pita at an awesome price ($5.44 post-tax to be exact). One day I'll branch out and try the hummus, tabbouleh, or sides (which include rice, fries, and pita chips). They also serve shawarma, kebabs, and desserts (baklava, knafe, etc.). Overall, a cheap quick spot for a delicious Mediterranean snack or meal when in the East Village at any hour.
#REVIEW#This is an amazing place for cheap and tasty falafel. My local friend brought me here and recommended the falafel sandwich. The portion was generous given the price. The pita was quite stuffed with falafel and vegetables. I had trouble eating it as it can get really messy. The restaurant was quite packed but we managed to get a table outside.I highly recommend!
