#NAME#Bar Bacon
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bar-bacon-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#gastropubs,tradamerican,tacos#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Was looking for dinner options before seeing My Fair Lady at the Lincoln Center and remembering positive reviews of fellow Yelpers about a different BarBacon location, thought I'd give this one a shot.A super casual place. Simple, all-American wooden décor. A huge bar takes up a third of the whole inside seating area. Once you come in, a bartender greets you and tells you to choose any available table. Then, a waiter will come by and serve water and take your order. Our waitress was super sweet and helpful, bringing beer samples so we could choose the one we preferred.The prices are a bit steep, but we're in the heart of Manhattan, so a $23 burger is not out of the realm of extraordinary. We got $23 lamb burger and $21 barbacon burger. The lamb (with arugula on top and too little ranch dressing) was delicious & juicy, although we didn't taste any bacon in the patty at all. Unexpected combo with a big slab feta cheese (yuuum) and canned, whole tomatoes (surprisingly flavorful & great substitute for a sauce, making this burger juicier than the barbacon burger). The barbacon burger was drier, and the patty was twice the size of the lamb burger. Definitely a heavier option for those who are hungry. Three pieces of bacon for $5, to go along with the beer, was a bit steep a price. But the mapple smoked bacon was delicious.The bacon dusted fries which were served with the burgers were light and not oily, which was a plus. Wish they were more heavily covered in bacon dusting. Surprisingly, didn't feel bloated after such heavy and oily meal. That's a big one for me!Didn't have space for dessert, so I'd return to try the famous chocolate cover bacon.
#REVIEW#My bacon loving heart was so happy with my experience at Bar Bacon! I went on a Sunday night and we got a table right away. We ordered the bacon tasting which was worth it for any bacon lover- 8 pieces of bacon/4 flavors, all were unique and delicious. I ordered the pork belly tacos, the pork belly was cooked perfectly and the crisp red cabbage slaw was a great addition. The fried pickle chips were batter fried and the dipping sauce was great. My boyfriend got the French onion soup and he wasn't a huge fan (tasted more like tomato soup than anything) but  from my experience if you stick with the bacon items they were delicious. I'd definitely go back!
#REVIEW#Wow, this place is truly a bacon lovers heaven. My best friend loves bacon and the Bacon flights were perfect for him. He also had the rib plater that came with coleslaw (pineapple slaw), pickles and fries. The fries were excellent.Elmira, had a pea arugula salad. This had two nice size slabs of pork belly or pork pastrami. The grilled veggies in the salad was cooked to perfection. Very very tasty.I had the buffalo chicken wings and chiccirone (probably got the spelling all wrong. My wings were delicious. Finger lickin good. The sides of celery and carrots with ranch sauce was amazing. I loved how fresh the veggies were.  Moving onto the fried pork skin was perfectly friend. It had some lime slices and sprinkle of powdered bbq flavor ontop. Best I have had so far.We almost missed this place. Saw it, in our taxi back to the car. Had the driver pull over and wham... Bacon heaven. Lol. (I am not even a bacon lover).Service was great. My friend had a bottle rootbeer (ice cold), Elmira had ginger ale and it was flat. I just had water.
#REVIEW#What a fun place!  Came here on a Saturday afternoon for snacks. Wings - good but the buffalo wings are not spicy.Brussel sprouts- good but too sweet.Bacon tasting- very good that jalapeño bacon was very yummy. But have to say the bacon was a little over cooked.Tacos - pork belly tacos are goodGood bar eating.
#REVIEW#Really like the ambiance here. Large bar and lots of tables. The menu is clearly geared towards bacon lol! But if you're not a huge bacon fan there are still options to try. Drinks are reasonably priced for NYC. The food was a little overpriced. $14 for an appetizer that was basically tater tots and cheese sauce. The tacos however were a lot of food and good quality. The website says they closed at 2am on Sunday's but we were given last call around 9-930 and they were getting people out before 10 so that was weird but if you're looking for a roomy place to grab a drink and a bite to eat in Hell's Kitchen area I'd recommend trying.
#REVIEW#***I'm a kind of a big deal***When it comes to burger reviews...Bar Bacon had me hooked with the name. Bacon, Burgers & Beer equal good times in my book.  Atmosphere is great, it's a busy bar with TVs located in just enough places. This does seem like a social place to come with a group to talk, eat and drink. I sat at the bar and was greeted quickly and had a beer in no time. Ordered the Bar Bacon Burger- this signature burger comes on a pretzel bun with bacon (of coarse) lettuce, tomato and lettuce, pickles on the side and I went with Tots instead of fries. First of all, I did order it medium and got medium well/well done. Second, I must say I usually love pretzel buns but this one was a bit dry and overwhelming to the bite. The burger was seasoned well and the bacon was damn good. Overall, I'll come back and try something else. Cool place with maybe a off night in the kitchen.
#REVIEW#I hate to say it but TOO. MUCH. BACON.I went for dinner with a friend. Definitely more of a bar than a restaurant (hence the name) so the atmosphere for eating was lacking. My friend and I shared 2 weak bacon bloody mary's. We had the bacon sampler which was just a ton of bacon with different seasonings. I was hoping for at least a thick cut bacon. We also got the lamb rueben, which would have been good if not for the weird cinnamon/sweet flavor. The saving grace was the bacon mac and cheese which again, was good but easily replicated at home.In the end, I couldn't even look at another piece of bacon.
#REVIEW#Keto friendly in NYC - and also very tasty!  Bun less sliders and pork belly tacos for our keto tastebuds - so delicious- and much more... Our server was excellent and offered suggestions for keto and low carb meals. Don't let the "healthy keto" deter you - extensive list of fabulous drinks and foods for anyone to enjoy - all so delicious and tasty- but such a welcoming relief to find keto friendly in NYC!!  Great place. Fun atmosphere. Wonderful service.
#REVIEW#Who doesn't love bacon, I mean come on!!! (Actually I do know of one person...who shall remain anonymous) so when our friends told us about this place, we jumped at the opportunity to try it out. First of all...we don't really venture past 8th Ave (nothing against the west side...its just so far from our train) so coming here was sort of an trek on its own but for the love of bacon, we go. Didn't seem too busy as we got there around 6pm on a Monday with plenty of seats still available. We started off with the Bacon tasting and the sausage platter for appetizers. The Bacon tasting included jalapeno, black pepper, maple and pecan flavored bacon strips. Each with it's unique and distinct flavor that lingers in your mouthMain course, I ordered the BLT and my husband ordered the burnt ends. The burnt ends was mothered in their barbecue sauce and served on a hot sizzling plate. It was actually pretty good...the thick cuts of pork were so tender and juicy, salty and fatty that it really does need the barbecue sauce to cut through the richness. My BLT was good but nothing special...having avocado in it was a great addition and it also came with chips and coleslaw on the side. Honestly will probably order something else if we came back. (My husband who is on a keto diet finds this restaurant perfect for his diet needs)For drinks, I ordered the bacon bloody Mary and my friends ordered the red sangria. They said the sangria is pretty tasty (not a wine fan [I honestly really tried to be but it's just not for me] so don't look for any specific descriptions from me). The bloody Mary was also very tasty, the bacon complements it very well although I could have it a smidge less spicy. If you're in to really spicy bloody Mary then this one's for you!Final verdict: like it... although not a place I would frequent (even though they do have a location in union square)...I would recommend bacon lovers to definitely come and give this place a try.
#REVIEW#I went here with a group for a bachelorette. I don't know what they did to the frose, but oh boy, it knocked us on our butts! Soooo strong haha. They even gave us a free round for the occasion. We shared a tater tot app for the table, it was a little small for the price, but very yummy. I can't say much about food, because all we had was the tater tots, but like I said those were good! And the frose did exactly what it was supposed to do!
#REVIEW#I really really don't like bacon. But my bf is obsessed so when I found this place, I knew we had to give it a go. So I mentally prepared myself for 3 weeks to sit through a dinner with the smell of bacon all around me and bacon on everything. I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in, the restaurant did not smell of bacon at all! Then we started to order. The the thick cut fried bacon was pretty delicious, actually tasted more like brisket than bacon. We also ordered the Buffalo wings, these were ok, cooked well but lightly flavored. Not enough sauce for my liking. We ordered the bacon Mac and Cheese, which was really well seasoned, the cheese was of higher quality and the the bacon was cooked perfectly. I like that they used spiral rotini for the pasta. Added a significant difference to the taste. He ordered the breakfast sandwich, served on a pretzel bun with bacon and a ginger and sage(not extra at all) sausage patty, and cheddar , over easy egg. And it was pretty delicious. Flavors balances out quite nice. I had the open face chicken sandwich. And might I say wow! It was pretty ginormous! Layers of grilled chicken and bacon and lettuce and tomatoes, and more chicken and more bacon!! With lots of chipotle mayo. The chicken was great and the bacon was so fitting to the sandwich. Just order it, it's freaking awesome and sooooooo filling. the tater tots were a little too salty for my taste, but they're tater tots, still good! The margaritas were superb! I had the habanero margarita, perfect amount of kick and the tequila was a+. The waiter was a little grumpy but still helpful with the menu, but the bus boys and other servers were extra nice. We'll be back!
#REVIEW#It is exactly what you think it is.  its a bar...it specializes in bacon.This review really writes itself.  Do you love those two things???  You will love this place.I love everything here except the prices.  Not out-raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaage-ous but high enough to make you rethink going for lunch and staying for dinner.Worth it to pop in have a succulent pork app and then head on to the rest of the night
#REVIEW#There is a lot of things I like about Bar Bacon. Let me start with BACON!!!!! I love bacon. This restaurant is located in the Hell's Kitchen section of Manhattan. But, there are a couple things I wasn't so thrilled about. I think it deserves better than three stars but I can't get to four.First what I do like. It's in one of my favorite city's on the planet, New York. Great location, Hell's Kitchen and I love Bacon. The place is inviting and was nicely decorated with Christmas. I really liked the atmosphere of the place.We went there on December 30th and of course New York was packed with people ready for New Years. It was crowded, we decided to sit at the bar. This is where we may have went wrong. Sitting at the bar can be the kiss of death for customer service for eating a meal. Sitting at the bar should be for drinks and not eating. But I was hungry as crap and didn't want to wait 40 minutes for a table. Bartenders are good at mixing drinks not so much at being food servers. So the wife ordered a a bacon Bloody Mary and she liked it a lot, I ordered a flight of beer and a flight of bacon. This bacon was absolutely incredible. I LOVED the bacon several different flavor and they were cooked just right and had very distinct tasty flavors.  The different craft beers were nice too. We then ordered wings and sliders. The food came out fairly quickly and like the bacon the food was great, I enjoyed the sliders. I had a PBR with the meal and it's was nice and cold. Now the customer service, lackluster. In their defense the bartenders were extremely busy. But no question it could have been better service. I felt a little bit of an attitude too. Also, the bang for the buck. I think it was to expensive for what we got. The food here was really good and so were the craft beers. We shouldn't have sat at the bar. Next time, I'll wait for a table.
#REVIEW#Every time I've been here the portions, prices, and food have always been on point. We got the Kentucky Fried Bacon Bites and Pulled Pork Mac n Cheese to share. First, thank god we didn't order more than two items because if so there would've inevitably been leftovers. Now, on the food, the KFB Bites are coated in Thai chili honey with a side of pickles. Take notes that this is thick cut bacon which I prefer because it's juicier but there's definitely a wide variety of thin bacon here as well. Soak the bacon bites in the sauce, add a pickle, and you get something wonderful. It's not too sweet and is really flavorful, definitely a nice contrast to the heavy Pulled Pork Mac n Cheese (as if the KFB Bites weren't deep fried to perfection but that's besides the point)!The Pulled Pork Mac n Cheese was also amazing. Don't be fooled by the picture, it's actually quite large and I didn't manage to finish it which says something. I'm glad that not only was there an adequate amount of pulled pork but there also was a more than adequate amount of BBQ sauce as well. Oh and the chicharrones? Quite a nice touch. You can't go wrong with anything at Bar Bacon and the service is also super friendly, I'm glad to see that they have more locations in NYC.
#REVIEW#Visiting the area from out of town I was enamored with the idea of a bacon based restaurant when trying to choose a place out of the many highly rated restaurants in the area. Two of us showed up around 6pm on a Saturday and got a table with no problem, despite how crowded it seemed.  There were TVs to watch the Final Four and a solid beer list with several local offerings.The menu certainly delivered the promise of bacon!  We shared the 50/50 sliders appetizer.  The burgers were sooo good.  I've had bacon/beef blends before, but this may be the best I've had.  Only downside?  The cost.  You got 2 sliders for $20.  So, $10 per slider.  We got the BarBacon Grilled Cheese and the KENTUCKY FRIED BACON BANH MI. Both were good, but I liked the grilled cheese better.  The fried bacon was thick and some of it was just a large chunk of fried fat.  Not my thing.  I would love to try more items on the menu, I love the theme and the execution of what we had.The only drawback were the prices.  Ouch!  Now maybe it's due to the area, I'm not from New York.  Still . . . a $16 grilled cheese?  But damn, it was good though.
#REVIEW#Food was good and filling. The highlights were the Brussels sprouts and the desserts. I found the KFB bites to be pretty greasy but tasty. Service was incredibly slow and it took several minutes for us to be seated even with an existing reservation.
#REVIEW#How have I not been here sooner?? This place has amazing bacon meals and drinks but nothing can touch their Bloody Mary's!! The mix is spicy yet smooth! Of course they come with a crunchy piece of bacon only making you want to order your next one ASAP! I can't wait to come back and try out their full menu! In my brief visit, we tried the bacon sampler. Each sample had a distinct taste and were cooked to perfection!! I hope the NYU crowd will support this establishment!!
#REVIEW#BarBacon is a place that does Bacon in basically everything.Went for dinner around 8 on a Thursday.  Had the pork belly and the chicken tacos.Crowd was lively and expectedly douchey, thats fine.  Welcome to Hells Kitchen circa 40 years after it's helliest.Pork belly melted in my mouth.Chicken tacos we're spicy and adequate, but the bacon did nothing for them.  The bacon bits were burnt and crunchy.My suggestion (if you care): keep the bacon in strips and run them across the tortilla.
#REVIEW#Had a pretty bad afternoon the day I went to Bar Bacon and I didn't even know this place existed until I discovered it nearby while I was on my phone. I was looking for something to lighten my mood and since it had a lot of reviews I decided to try it out. Boy what a treat this place turned out to be!If you haven't guessed already, Bar Bacon is a gastropub where Bacon is the theme (gimmick) here. What you might not know though (as I did not know) is that they serve a selection of bacon based cocktails with bacon served in them! It's a really cool experience eating bacon with bourbon or rum in your mouth and its honestly a tasty contrast. I was so enthralled with the bacon cocktails I did not try any other drinks but I really enjoyed what I got. They also give you a good portion size for the price they sell them (at least compared to other more touristy bars I have been too recently.)The food here was pretty good as well, though maybe the portions were a less generous. Entree food ranges from 13-20 dollars in range, from what I remember, and I wasn't particular impressed by the sandwich size I got. Regardless though I did really enjoy the BLTs here and the plentiful amount of chips was enough to fill me up so I still had a positive experience foodwise.Not only were the drinks and food good but I really enjoyed the environment and service here. As I usually travel and eat at restaurants solo I was able to instantly get a bar seat here and I was quite happy the bar area had full service. The bartenders were really friendly, very attentive to everyone around the bar and were fairly quick to respond. The vibe I got from the music and aesthetic here was upbeat... the exact vibe I was looking for that day.Overall Bar Bacon is fantastic. I know bacon lovers will really get a kick out of this place like I did. If you don't enjoy bacon, then don't worry because even if you remove that gimmick Bar Bacon is really enjoyable gastropub in its own right.
#REVIEW#Loved this place! Such a great concept for lovers of bacon. The loaded tots were great and so were the tacos. Everything on the menu looked great, I would definitely go back and order completely new food. The service was fast from the bar and our waiter was very attentive. Limited seating for large groups but it's fun for a small group or casual date hangout.
