#NAME#Ippudo NY
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ippudo-ny-new-york-7?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#If you're visiting New York, you absolutely MUST brave the long wait and grab a nice hearty bowl of ramen. Ippudo ruins Ramen for you with their strong flavor and amazing meat. The service is impeccable and the bar at the front door makes up for the agonizing wait.Highly recommend the *very spicy* ramen and the pork buns. The pork literally melts in your mouth and is out of this planet.Don't forget to add a poached egg to your ramen for that additional flavor! :D
#REVIEW#After much research on some of the best ramen in the city, I was lead here. When we walked in to this establishment the wait was short, and we were greeted kindly by the personnel. Ippudo is modern and has a cozy and authentic feel to it. After much deliberation and discussion with out waiter, I decided on the AKAMARU MODERN. This is not the traditional tonkatsu, and was clearly a poor decision on my part. Our food arrived quick enough for us to comment on it aloud, which was great, but in the end I didn't feel that Ippudo was worth all the hype. The broth was flavorful and the pieces of pork in my ramen were lean with light marbling, which was nice. The noodles were also thinner than most ramen noodles I've had, but I still throughly enjoyed them. I am planning on possibly returning to try the traditional tonkatsu ramen to see if maybe that's a more memorable dish!
#REVIEW#I recently dined at Ippudo on a girls trip. The wait time was very annoying but we just decided to get dessert before dinner :) Once we were seated the service was exceptional! I ordered the Akamaru NY with nitamago and croquettes.First the croquettes came out... We had ordered 3 Thai​ ones and 3 Indian​ ones. The Thai ones were sweet and delicate, truly a favorite and the Indian ones were more curry based and rich. The ramen. Let me tell you about this ramen... Easily one of the best I​ have ever had. The garlic oil complimented the broth perfectly. The noodles arrived al dente but softened as they marinated in the broth. I think it was the first time I have ever finished the entire bowl of ramen and if there was any msg, I couldn't​ feel it at all!Needless to say if I am ever back in NY, Ippudo will be my first stop!
#REVIEW#Hella crowded, and the ramen was expensive. I think I had to wait 2-3 hours or something just to get in here.The taste was unmemorable, since I couldn't recollect anything special about their ramen bowl. I wonder why this place was so popular. They (Ippudo Ramen) just opened a location in Santa Monica, California, and the people in Santa Monica didn't really frequent this location due to mediocre ramen.
#REVIEW#Best ramen in the city... and honestly the best ramen I've had on the east coast. I ordered the modern and it was rich, full of so many great flavors, and complemented by perfectly cooked noodles and fresh, tasty ingredients. The ultimate comfort food and not a weird health food--It's how ramen is supposed to be. Oh and GET THE EGG. Just lay down the $2, it's SO worth it. And that applies to the whole experience. This was probably the best 20 bucks I've spent on food in years. I'll be back as soon as I can. Until then, I'll be dreaming of this ramen. For real.
#REVIEW#This place has been on my bucket list for a while. Coming here during lunchtime on a weekday is the best decision a diner should consider. I was seated right away but fitted on a table with other group of people . The service is quick. I tried their basic ramen-shiromaru chashu . Glad that  I did not order any sides, the serving size is huge especially for people  that has small appetite.  I just found out from the other diners that the place doesn't pack up the leftovers( for the sides or other solid food)  so make sure you just order what you could finish. Complimentary water and hand wipes are served automatically. The place is pretty cool - nothing can beat a Japanese ambiance. Price is standard. Some are staying longer , some are just really to get a bite . A good spot for meet ups.
#REVIEW#Ira-shy-me-say to my review. It means welcome! Expect an energetic greeting.  It's definitely not spelled correctly but it's what I think the staff said to me as I entered. Let's start with the vibes. They've got a tight waiting area with hostesses that are borderline unfriendly but not rude. I'd expect a wait if you come here anytime after 4-5pm without reservaciones. When walking in you're briefly greeted with shouts of welcome in another language by the floor staff. I couldn't understand what they were saying over the cacophony of conversation and rave music setting the atmosphere. If you're hard of seeing or over 45 I'd bring a flashlight because the lighting in this place is dungeon dank. Service is polite and efficient. Nothing to complain about. The wait is a little longer than your average ramen spot but that's because of its popularity and club vibe. Expect the price to match the boujee music. We started with pork Ippudo buns. A small aside, I haven't had the best experience with pork buns so I was apprehensive but a friend gave them a good rec so I said what the hell and ordered them. Boy oh boy am I glad I did. The buns were soft, like biting into cotton candy except (gratefully) not too sweet. With two slabs of pork in between dipped in a sweet mustard sauce and a lick of lettuce. I was in heaven. Get the pork Ippudo buns. They don't disappoint. Now for the main course. Thankfully, the sauce of this ramen is indicative of the money signs ($$$). I got the haratana classic and the broth warmed my belly with its taste and weight. Yummy for my tummy. Let's break it down:Broth 8/10- I'm a broth connoisseur so act accordingly. It's got some weight to it but I wouldn't consider it heavy nor light. The consistency is lightly tepid. Noodles 7/10- thin but plentiful. Enough to finish the bowl or get some more. OOTD- 7/10- this is purely cosmetic but I like a show stopper.  the bowl was lackluster in appearance. With a medium broth and a tall bowl my ramens contents were shrouded with mystery until I dug in. It's worth not having a pretty dress when the quality makes up for it. All in all a good experience. They've got the taste but not the average ramen shops home made vibe and to be frank I didn't know what the waiters were saying I just knew that they were yelling a lot. It was fun, the energy was great but not my favorite. Alas judge a man not by his dress but by his noodles and these are noodles that everyone should try at least ONCE. If you get there tell them I sent you, they'll have no idea who you're talking about. Holla.
#REVIEW#This is a super hyped place that serves good, but perhaps not amazing, ramen. The traditional style is a thick pork broth that is very good but perhaps not super distinct. I'm a fan of the second style they have, which the traditional with a some miso paste and soy sauce added in. It's gives a quite interesting flavor.Finally, the noodles are thin. I usually prefer thicker noodles, but thin noodles do carry the flavor more. Would need to ask for seconds to get the fill of carbohydrates, though!
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite ramen restaurants in Greenwich Village. The location is amazing, super close to Union square and Washington square park, accessible by the 6 train or NRW, and walking distance from both parks! I pretty much get the same few items on the menu every time I go:Hot TeaShishito Peppers Pork BunsKarakamen Spicy Ramen And I also tried the Classic Ramen, which was delicious! The flavor of the Ippudo broth as well as the texture of the noodles was perfect.Service was also fantastic as our waiters were very attentive, helpful, and friendly. Our food came out quickly and we were satisfied at the end of the meal.
#REVIEW#Absolutely incredible ramen, with great atmosphere! The Akamaru Modern + egg is absolutely worth the nearly $20 it costs!I do have to take off one star for being totally inaccessible to wheelchair users though.
#REVIEW#It's been awhile since I visited this place, and this place is still packed. I came in around 8:30pm on Saturday and had to wait 1 hour before seated. It's a solid ramen place that everyone loves, a must try ramen joint in NYC.I've had ramen recently and wanted to try something new. I had a tan tan men and I didn't really like it. There was too much cilantro, all I could taste was cilantro and the broth was okay. It said it was extremely spicy but it wasn't that spicy but it had numbing spice.My fiancé ordered an OG ramen and it was great like always. Feel like their pork bun is getting smaller and smaller but tasted good. Not sure if I would come back with all this wait and its price point, but def recommend if you try ramen for the first time or looking for some good broth with typical infamous NYC vibes!
#REVIEW#This place is awesome.. i love the soup broth, it's so tasty and flavorful. They use the thin legit ramen noodle, not the usually egg wavy noodle.The appetizers here super delicious.. even if you don't feel like ramen, just the appetizers should be enough to make you want to come here to eat. For larger parties, they have special tables/seatings so the wait is usually much less!
#REVIEW#Worth slurping in public! Definitely one of the best places I've been for ramen. I lucked out while traveling for work and was able to get a table for a late lunch with some colleagues. The pork belly buns are a must. The meat will melt in your mouth and the buns are worth the carbs for those of you who go bunless. :-)The ramen was simple but complex if that makes sense. The pork broth was perfect in flavor and the noodles were cooked just right. I ordered the traditional ramen and added shigureni (pulled pork). I can't wait to return for more and next time I'll "kae-dama".
#REVIEW#I came at around 7:20pm on a Sunday evening and it was packed. There were a ton of people waiting but I got seated in the communal tables right away since it was just me. There's nothing outside that has the restaurant's name but if you're in the area and there are Japanese letters it's probably the right place.I ordered the Karaka-men ($16) which was SO GOOD. The noodles are really good, the pork is tender and really soft. The broth is as good as I've ever had. The spice level was on point and added great flavor. It was delicious and definitely one of the best ramen I've ever had.If I ever come back to New York this is one of the places I have to visit again. Oh boy was this a delicious bowl of ramen.
#REVIEW#There's a lot of hype around Ippudo, especially this being the first spot to open in NYC. I had to try since all of my friends kept on raving about the place.As soon as you walk in, you're greeted by the entire staff including the kitchen, which was a warm and welcoming experience. I came during lunch, so it wasn't too packed, but the restaurant was pretty spacious.It's definitely a cool and modern vibe to it, so a +1 on the atmosphere. I ordered one of their specials, which was a wasabi shoyu ramen. I thought the wasabi was going to overpower the ramen broth, but I was completely wrong! There was a nice flavor of wasabi that complemented the ramen broth and made the ramen taste even better. The broth was rich and full of body, which is essential for ramen.I'll be back soon for lunch and need to try the pork buns!
#REVIEW#This is my favorite ramen spot in the city. They have 2 locations with this being the busiest, so I would recommend coming at off hours or at least before 7 for dinner. I have been quoted up to a 3 hour wait on a weekend, so be prepared. They do have a bar area where they have a few beers with one from Brooklyn brewery which was developed for them and delicious. They developed a couple different sakes in collaboration with Brooklyn Brewery as well. And plenty of other sakes to choose from if you prefer other styles. They also have apps you can order at the bar so that's what we usually do when we have to wait. The edamame with citrus salt is our favorite. Anyway, the ramen here is amazing! They are also good about having several veggie options. I usually order the Akamaru New York, though, because it's my favorite with an excellent miso broth with tofu and seaweed. It's perfect if you add on a soft boiled egg and the spicy paste as well. My boyfriend orders a variety of the pork ramens which he loves. And I have brought so many friends and family here for dinner, and everyone has loved it. The servers are nice and quick, but they also aren't pushy with trying to turn over the tables.
#REVIEW#Best pork bun I have ever had. Got the Shiromaru hakata classic with added naruto (fish cake). Was disappointing that it was 5 small and thin slices for $2 extra, but live and learn. My friend was disappointed that her ramen that was supposed to come with a soft boiled egg was actually only half an egg, not a whole.  Overall, it was good, and not terribly expensive considering you are on NYC, I have had some beamed broths make me sick and I was fine with this. Would go back.
#REVIEW#I like when guys are RAMENtic. Because UDON know how tired I am of the countless guys that are all about the NOODz. .:: Send NOODz ::.Shiromaru Hakata Classic $16: The original Tonkatsu pork broth with Ippudo's signature Dashi. Thin noodles topped with pork chasiu, sesame kikurage mushrooms, menma, red pickled ginger, and scallions. A bowl of heaven. The broth was SO flavorful and the noodles were bouncy and cooked to perfection. The chasiu melted in my mouth with every bite (wish I had ordered more).  Had the one in Berkeley and let me tell you the NY location beat them by a mile. .:: Ambiance/ Service ::.The place was dimly lit, very sophisticated decors that tipped their hats off to the Japanese culture. Food came out SO quick. I'm talking like less than 5 minutes. The host announced my arrival with many following "IRASSHAIMASE" in unison and very loud. I wish my old work place had this great team effort. I came on a Monday around 12pm and was seated immediately. Much easier since I was a party of 1.
#REVIEW#Excellent Japanese Ramen in a wonderful atmosphere. The staff was so accommodating to my son who can be a picky eater. The servers gave us an excellent suggestion for the pork ramen with vegetables on the side for him to eat. He thought the dish was amazing! That is huge, considering his usual eating habits. It was also the first time he used chopsticks. Ippudo's menu delivers a variety of ramen with many options for add ins. The appetizers are very traditional Japanese with a western flare added. The location is wonderfully intimate and would be excellent for a date night. We did hear that the wait on weekends can be over 2 hours. We went on a Thursday and it was about 30 min. It is well worth the wait. Prices are also very reasonable. Lastly, they had Orion lager on draft, which is from Okinawa and can be very hard to find. It is excellent especially with a spicy bowl of ramen.
#REVIEW#I think the more I try ramen places, the more they all taste the same...Came here on a Sunday afternoon (around 2pm) and was seated immediately at a fun round communal table. Spacious enough where you're not elbow to elbow and the table itself is wide enough for all the items in your pockets/purses to be put on the table ( people care about that right)? Anyway, service was great..got drinks right away because why not? It really shouldn't take more than 2 minutes to pour two glasses of water and a glass of beer. We ordered almost immediately and our waitress was really friendly. Going to a new place for the first time, my husband always has to order their signature appetizer buns...whatever it may be. In our case, it was the chicken Ippudo bun which was just crispy chicken with a piece of lettuce on a white bun that you'd normally eat Peking duck with. Again, after eating at so many ramen places, all of the food taste the same- except this chicken bun. The chicken was cooked to perfection...literally. It was the right amount of crispy dipped with this spicy sauce and mayo for a creamy finish. I could've probably just eaten that and be done with. No joke, legit the best buns I've had! On to the ramen! I ordered the classic without all the bells and whistles for my first time and it didn't disappoint. Like any other ramen place, it comes with pork belly, bamboo shoots, ginger pickles, etc. Other toppings such as char shu or eggs are additional, which is kinda silly if you ask me...considering the bowl of ramen was already $16. Anything distinctive that I enjoyed about the ramen? Not really. The noodles used was a different type of noodle compared to the typical fat and soft ones that are generally in ramen. This type of noodle were thinner and a lot more firmer, which is fine, but I didn't feel like it absorbs the flavor as much as it would have. The broth itself was ok. Wasn't too salty or too bland, but nothing too special about it. My husband ordered the same thing but a spicy version which was actually much better..his broth was the perfect amount of spicy..not to the point where it overpowers every other flavor in your bowl, but enough to kick start your insides and still allow you to enjoy the items in your bowl. Would I wait to eat at a place like this? Probably not. Am I glad I tried it? Absolutely. I think the atmosphere and the staff were amazing and it really is good food, especially on cold New York nights (in our case, a warm spring afternoon).I recommend this place to those around the area looking for good ramen and a great atmosphere!
