#NAME#Margon
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/margon-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban,sandwiches,dominican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#The hole in the wall gem I've been looking for in NY.  Authentic Cuban food, no frills.  Got the roast chicken with rice and plantains.  Can't wait to go back and try all the other items, but the hours are a little challenging.  Friendly service as well, clientele obviously love this place.
#REVIEW#Margon is a hole-in-the-wall Cuban spot in Times Square. One of my coworkers was raving about the food (and portions) so we decided to go for lunch. We went on a weekday at lunch and the place was definitely busy! A bit chaotic but definitely an experience.In terms of the food, the portions are definitely very generous!! I ordered the ceviche, which I personally didn't really care for but I got the combo which for a dollar or 2 more comes with a HUGE serving of rice, black beans and few plantains. I could barely finish half and I was stuffed. My coworkers all got the Cuban sandwiches, which looked delicious and came with the same massive sides. Overall, I recommend checking out Margon if you're in the area (and hungry). Ill definitely be back to try the Cuban sandwich
#REVIEW#I changed jobs and hadn't been to Margon's in YEARS! Then one day about a week and a half ago, I just decided to take a walk over and o sure am glad I did that!Decor: Straight up, Margon's is a tiny, Spanish spot in one of the side blocks of Times Square, that reminds me of the hole in wall spots you might bump into in Harlem or the Bronx. Mirrors everywhere like you're in some abuellas living room. The aroma of garlic and pork filling the air. It just takes me back! Nostalgia aside, Margon's is a small and very popular venue so it can get pretty tight in there. You may be shoulder to shoulder with the person next to you. Just a heads up. Service: pleasant and so homely. Everyone behind the counter is all smiles like they couldn't be happier that you were there.Food: I can't remember a single time that I went there and was disappointed in the food I received. Chicken...BOMB. Rice...BOMB. Oxtails...BOMB. Cuban sandwich...ATOMIC BOMB! I don't think it's a stretch to say that their Cuban sandwich might be the best I've ever had! Ham, salami, pork, pickle, mustard (pretty sure I'm forgetting an ingredient or 2) all between 2 perfectly toasted pieces of bread! Easily in my top 5 sandwiches in the city. Misc: if you get there and it's crowded don't feel discouraged. The line moves quick but make sure you're ready when you're called to give your order. That's all I have to say about that.
#REVIEW#Ok so this is your hood spanish restaurant in the city. I don't mean this is a bad way but it's definitely home cooked and great portions. I purchased a large soup and white rice, black beans and fried chicken chunks and paid $22!!! Now that's a great deal for the amazing of food given over here. So far the soup is decent, flavorful and jam packed with stewed chicken. Big pieces sonifnyour looking for just broth this isn't the best option. The rice and beans is delicious and the chicken is fried crisp. If your a big eater this place is definitely for you!!
#REVIEW#Stopped by for a Cuban sandwich during my lunch break. I loved that I was able to order in advance on seamless for pick up. When I headed into the store, the place was packed! I've always heard about the sandwiches, but there were a bunch of delicious looking stews and meata in the hot buffet section. I can't wait to back and try those.The sandwich was really delicious. My coworkers were definitely eyeing me jealously and asked where I got the sandwich. Well it's really as good as it looks!
#REVIEW#This place is awesome.As a local, you won't find much to like in the Times Square area, but 46th Street has a lot going for itself. You'll find great Brazilian food, Cuban food, countless discount diamond stores one block away (if that's your thing), and this here Margon. It's a lunch counter that gets packed with businessmen and women on their midday break looking for fantastic food at a great price. I think it's only open from 11:30-4:00pm each day, and they really pack this place for the short time they're open.They have an array of daily lunch specials during the week, but several items you can order anytime you want. One of those is the #7 (Cubano), and you should probably make that your go-to. It's such a popular sandwich, you'll see one gentleman stationed at the plancha grill pumping out ten at a time anticipating the onslaught of orders. It's comes out hot, pressed, and dripping with sauces. It's incredible. Get the combo that comes with yellow rice, black beans, platanos, and a hunk of roast pork on top for the full experience.If you're dining solo, snag a seat at the counter and take in all the hustle and bustle of this operation. There are a row of tables along the wall on the right for larger parties, but by "larger" I mean maybe four people max. Of course you can always take your food to go, but where's the fun in that? Sit down and watch the magic happen with a front row view.
#REVIEW#Was in the area earlier today and stumbled upon Margon's. This was exactly the kind of hole-in-the wall, home-cooking type of place I was in the mood for so Im glad discovered it. Friendly and playful staff and looks like they have daily specials. I got there around 11am so the food looked really fresh and while prices were pretty good for the specials, I found it a little steep for their Cuban sandwich ($9.80). Sandwich was delicious so I'm not mad at it. Might be back soon to try their specials!
#REVIEW#yum yum yum!a few months ago my husband was staying in Time Square area for work...he travels a LOTMy job from home is to find the best places for him to eat...nearby his hotels...this was my number one pick ...he came back to me with rave reviews about it.so when I visited him in NY a month later we HAD to have a meal here...in fact it was our first meal together in NY.we shared a cubano sandwich and had some coffee...i had the strong Cuban coffee and he had an American (regular) coffee. both were delicious! the Sandwich was perfect!they staff were so super friendly...i regret that I didn't eat here a second time ...but I really wanted to explore other options...plus Margon closes kinda early.  They definitely are a locals spot...construction workers and cops were the main patrons.  if they were open late...i imagine all our late night munchie meals would have been here.  I'll be back
#REVIEW#It's great to see a non franchise, overpriced, exaggerated restaurant in Midtown. It's a hidden gem in the heart of the city. If you didn't know you would think you're in the middle of Washington Heights. The crew that works there are a delightful - always playful, engaging and charming. They have an entree bar and they make Cubans (though I have a feeling they're Dominican). I always get their Cuban and sit at the counter, there's usually room to sit there. The sandwich is everything that is right in this world. You have to try it for yourself.I watched the cook make a mass amount. Its cooked pork smothered in their secret cilantro sauce, layer of salami and ham, swiss cheese and pickles. Halt! Before you chose the TGIFridays or Arbys to grub on find your way here.Also everything is super affordable!
#REVIEW#A great hole in the wall right off of Times Square! The food is fresh and hot. I got the Cuban sandwich as per what everyone said and it was great. Everything on the sandwich complimented well and had the perfect portions. I can't wait to return for the hot bar food. They have weekly rotating specials so things don't get boring. They have places to sit for a short lunch!
#REVIEW#Margon is a classic Cuban joint that's held on despite the Disneyfication of Times Square. Blink and you'll miss the unassuming store front, but inside is an old-school lunch counter with reasonably priced beans-and-rice plates and, of course, Cuban sandwiches.I came for my fix about a month ago. For under $10 and after somewhat gruff customer service, I received a pig-filled sandwich roughly the size of my head. They even tossed in a few (pretty tough and salty) fried chicken bits.Although a solid sandwich, their Cubano has some key divergences:- Though toasty and with slightly melted cheese, this isn't truly a pressed sandwich- There's salami instead of the typical ham- There's very little mustard, and in fact more mayoIt still has that nice play of crusty bread, roasted pork, and pickle going on, but the elements are off enough that it registers as a different kind of sandwich to me. There's more salt and fat on this, somehow, and I like a more assertive squirt of mustard.I've enjoyed the chicken here in the past, and I do like coming here because of the divey, off-the-beaten-path vibe. It's a greasy spoon for sure, but in a charming way.Word to international soda explorers: the Coco Rico, charming as it may be with its retro logo, is basically liquid sugar and far more bubblegum-flavored than coconut.
#REVIEW#We dropped into Margon Restaurant (really a lunch counter) for lunch. We had the daily special, Ox Tail ($11.00, with two sides, 1/4 potato and a green salad), and a Cuban Sandwich. The food was good, not great, the limited seating is comfortable, and the staff cheerful, friendly and helpful. We would certainly return, if we are in the area again.Four Stars.
#REVIEW#Popped into Margon for lunch on a weekday after having this bookmarked for a while. It's the standard cuban take out spot in that you'll find many of the staple dishes being served (black beans, baked chicken, Rice, etc...) There was a line almost out the door, but luckily it moved fairly quickly.I had their chicken lunch special which came with black beans and plantains. The chicken, while tasting good, was actually a bit dry. The black beans and plantain were good, but I've had better. All is all, I was a little disappointed with the food given the great reviews and overall good things I heard about the place. In my opinion, Sophie's is much better.The place is very small and narrow, which makes for it being packed almost all the time, so best to order from their already cooked options if you want to be in and out as fast as possible.
#REVIEW#Um, I guess if you're looking for something quick, cheap, filling then this is the right spot for it. You'll stand in a cafeteria-style serving line to order your main + 2 sides or you can opt for the daily specials. A small hole-in-the-wall, nothing fancy establishment. There are a few tables and a counter to eat at, or you can take your food to go.Pollo w/ rice, beans, tostones $11- Good, idk if it's my pregnancy hormones these days that make everything taste extremely salty, which I found the chicken, rice and beans to be. It was enough for two meals for me. Idk, I've had better.Cubano: $11 The Husband ordered the cubano which is pressed in this foil-covered contraption and yes, it is good. I'd say, The Cubano is the winner here.Good service but more like 3.5 stars
#REVIEW#Was looking for an inexpensive lunch that wasn't a $14 salad in Tines Sq and stumbled upon this place while searching on Yelp. I went around 1pm and there maybe 5 people in line. It's quite narrow inside the store so it's not the best place for groups. I ordered the Cuban sandwich ($9 plus tax). Theres no wait at all for the sandwich so great for those on the go.Sandwich itself was delicious and I love the portion size - just enough to satisfy your lunch craving but won't make you feel like you need a nap afterwards.Only downside was because they pre-made the sandwich, it wasn't as warm as I would have preferred. Overall great lunch spot for those in the area!
#REVIEW#I was craving Cuban food for lunch and was pretty hungry so I headed over to Margon. They have large portions and flavorful food. Ordered:Baked chicken ($12)- it comes with your choice of white or yellow rice and black or red beans. I got white rice and black beans. I found the beans to be well seasoned overall but a little too salty. They also throw in a few sweet plantains. The chicken is a very generous sized piece- 1/2 chicken. It was very tender! The lady behind the counter spooned some sauce (with fat in it) that the chicken was cooked in on top of the rice-- this was the best part! Not the healthiest, but delicious. Margon received a B rating from the NYC Health Department. I only realized this after I ordered but hopefully they will improve and get an A.
#REVIEW#They've got some legit Cuban sandwiches here. The spanish coffee is good too. This is one of those NYC establishments selling good food since the 70s.
#REVIEW#Great spot for lunch. Line is super long but the ladies work really fast so the line goes really fast. Probably it can take 10 minutes to order, get your food and pay. Portions are good size and everything is delicious. What can I say? Come, try and find out how good is it.There are seating areas and usually you can find a table or share with other people. It is hard to find reasonable lunch spot in midtown as there are so many people specially tourist. This spot is not bad for the portion of your order and specially the price is reasonable for midtown area. I been in this place few time. The only dish I didn't like was the fried chicken. They were dry. Besides that, every is good.
#REVIEW#My friend and I happened to be in this area, so we decided to come in around 11am on a Saturday. It was quite empty when we first got there (it got busier towards noon). Since we were just standing around looking at the food, one of the employees explained everything well and even offered samples of their food, which was super nice. In the end, we decided to go with roasted chicken option with a side of rice, beans & plantains. Again, the nice employee gave us a bit extra food because we were sharing. After our meal, we were both satisfied and full. I don't know if they are usually this generous or they were just generous because it was emptier in the store, but I was pleasantly surprised by the service. And the food is definitely filling and good, so no complaints for my first visit.
#REVIEW#My mouth had the BEST experience at Margon. I've been to a very popular tourist-y Cuban place in Time Square a few times and it doesn't compare to Margon. So the set up is basically like a cafeteria line in a small hole in the wall restaurant. There is plenty of seating though - we came at 1PM on a Saturday and had no issues finding a table. There was a constant stream of people coming in during our entire time there as well. All the food is already cooked and in heated dishes, and you order and they scoop it all into a plate or two and hand it over. I ended up having the peppered steak with rice, beans and plantains. It was all SOO GOOD and it was extremely reasonably priced for the portion size and it's location so close to Times Square. Of note, my friend really wanted tostones which they only make during the week and i think on specific days. My meal was only $12 and kept me full for HOURS of walking around NYC. They take credit card - so Discover Card was okay :)
