#NAME#Blue Hill
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-hill-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Went back to Blue Hill and it was just as amazing as I remembered and just as affordable for the quality you're getting. Unlike a lot of other Michelin restaurants, Blue Hill really highlights the ingredients without trying so hard to razzle and dazzle you with gimmicks. It's just the best quality ingredients, cooked perfectly.Drinks will run anywhere between $10 for a beer to $15-$20 for wine and cocktails. They have two menus: the Farmer's Feast ($108) and the standard tasting menu ($95). You can choose a different menu from your dining partners, which was very appreciated.
#REVIEW#Blue Hill:Tasting Menu:1. Free bites(among them, foie gras is great)2. Asparagus3. Soft Shell Crab4. Free Bread5. Pastured Duck6. Pea Crepes(duck thigh)7. Rhubarb(goat cheese, yogurt)8. Strawberries(white chocolate)9. Free bites strawberryA feast of strawberry and basil! The bread and butter is great, as well as the duck!
#REVIEW#Blue Hill is the most memorable and amicable dining experience I have ever had. My wife arrived on time for our 5PM reservation. The maitre D'hotel was cordial, inviting, adorable. She gave us her name and offered the utmost sincerity with our travels. We were sat in several minutes and greeted by our server. There were no other tables in the dining room when we arrived. We followed our server's every suggestion and what followed was a full array of some of the most interesting, fully immersive dishes. Amazing. Service was excellent. Drinks were perfectly paired. Management was likewise engaging and genuine in approaching our table to see how our dinner was.This place is so real that they actually sent us a postcard thanking us for joining them for dinner. 1000 stars. Go to this place.
#REVIEW#Everything tasted so good, I ate stuff that I would never eat else where like raw radish and liver. I didn't give it to my husband this time around. All of their food tasted fresh, especially their vegetables. I think it's worth every penny, my husband think they taste better than Eleven Madison Park (we went there last year for our anniversary). They also gave us a post card that says happy anniversary and a piece of cake with candles, so sweet of them.
#REVIEW#Not the place to go if you're looking for a reasonably-priced dinner.  But if you're looking for a place that changes its menu almost daily using the freshest available ingredients, and plates and flavor combinations that will impress even the most picky foodie, then this place is for you.  We had the extended tasting menu, which included 3 different amuse bouche, and each course was better than the next.  One of the duck dishes had some sinew, so was a little tough, but the rest was a home run!
#REVIEW#We had a late seating Saturday night and stuffed our faces with the extended farmers feast tasting for 3 hours. We paired all dishes with a 2017 Pinot Noir by Nathan K from the finger lakes. It was a light bodied Pinot so I felt it went well for the majority of the meal. For this review, I'm going to focus on the stand out items, both good and bad.The good: their crudo, with the white strawberries, nettle, and rhubarb was fantastic. We also really enjoyed the grass fed lamb and grass fed beef dishes. They were both really delish. The starter vegetables were also delicious with a lard based side to dip them in.The bad: we did not care for the parsnip. I don't think it had a lot of flavor and it came later in the meal so I didn't have a lot of incentive to force myself to eat it. Also, the first of the asparagus was too salty for our tastes. The first bite made me feel like I was smoking a cigarette. That's the first time good has made me think of smoking...Overall, I rate it 5-stars. The meal and wine were excellent. I didn't get egg in a pan so I'll have to come back a third time and try again...
#REVIEW#Good but not great, for the food at least. The service here is what makes this place special, however I don't think the location in West Village does it justice for what we perceive on Chef's Table. It's a low lit, intimate and special type of ambiance where they mark on the menu asking politely not to use your phone. Also I went here in Feb 2019 - the menu rotates. I mentioned that we were celebrating a birthday and a card was waiting on the table after being greeted and handing our jackets to coat check.When we started our course, we did the pre fix where we'd have chefs complimentary, two starters, an entree and dessert. 1. Two baby carrots (although the carrots tasted different than regular carrots, I'm not going to lie, being served a carrot that was smaller than supermarket regular carrots made me question my decision to come here). 2. Chicken Liver between chocolate - surprisingly very flavorful and delicious. Best of the night3. Hake - the hake was alright, nothing special4. Squid ink & celery risotto - honestly too salty, the squid ink although interesting was too overpowering to enjoy it fully5. Lamb - two different cuts. Really strong in lamb taste, not in a good way. I think this might have just not been for me. I normally eat a good amount of Lamb6. Rolled oats and some vanilla mixture, relatively deliciousFor the price that I paid, I don't think I would return $230 for two people, which includes tip.Also as a side note, they brought in food from the farm which was covered in black garbage bags but clearly animal carcasses, through the main dining room, which I thought was a little odd.
#REVIEW#First, I've wanted to eat here since I first saw Dan on Chefs Table. It's been in my list for years. But I live in Seattle, so getting here has taken patience and determination. I'm so glad I was able to get in. I got a seat at the bar, and Mary, who was tending bar, introduced me to the menu. "I want everything on the menu" I said. She laughed and told me about the 8 course tasting meal with wine pairings. "YES!" I said. The first few bites arrived and were as yummy as you might imagine perfectly seasonable farm fresh veggies raised for flavor might taste. The radish was more radishy and the turnip more turnipy! And the pig lard with honey and black sesame made it 1000x better. Mary had told the manager about my interest in cookery and he kindly invited me into the kitchen to see the amazing chefs at work. A real treat for a foodie like me. And bonus, while there they gave me a bite of liver and chocolate! Wow! (Perhaps a contender for the bite of the night!)The courses kept coming. A stinging nettle tart, a sugar snap pea with spec, seasonal asparagus with a cured hen yolk grated over it and a broccoli pea stew to dip them in. The next dish literally took my breath away. Halibut with celtuce, pine nuts and asparagus. The fish was cooked perfectly. But the sauce was singularly the best sauce I have ever tasted. I seriously wanted to lick the plate. One of the advantages of enjoying the wine pairing is that the Chef selected wines complement the dishes to perfection. What makes Blue Hills different is that the wines they select are also thoughtfully selected for their farming practices beyond their flavor. Mary knew the wines intimately and shared the winery stories of each bottle to make each sip more meaningful. I found the wines paired favorably with each dish although I prefer a flat wine to a sparkling wine for dessert, but that me. In the 8 course meal, the kitchen includes two off menu dishes. The first of these was mesmeric. Monk fish liver and fava beans with braised strawberries. Truly magical. Foie Gras of the sea! The wheat bread was more wheaty, the butter enhanced with kinwa sesame and faro. That was followed by duck with morels and fiddle heads - superb, grass fed cow with crushed potato and escarole - superb, abd the second off menu dish - Parsnip schnitzel with sourkraut spritzer creamed ramps and juju beans. This was at first, my least favorite dish, I say "at first" because my last bite included all the elements in perfect proportion so that true umami was created. Yum. Dessert was a Rhubarb, yogurt sorbet buckwheat and goat cheese treat followed by strawberries, white chocolate and cocoa nibs to finish.I was thrilled to have had a chance to experience the thoughtful cookery, the elegant plating, the personable service and entire experience from start to finish in an atmosphere of happiness. I met a couple of fellow diners at the bar where I was seated, and all were also true fans of Blue Hill. Thank you Dan for creating a truly memorable experience for your diners! Great food, tastefully presented by an amazing knowledgeable generous and friendly staff. Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#We went to blue hill for a ten year anniversary. We made reservations online, held with $50. They had a note waiting for ya! We did the extended farmers menu cause why not? Got some cocktails prior to the meal, but did wine throughout the meal courses. There were 8 main dishes and a bunch of starters that were super cool; mini radishes, carrots, fried butternut squash, meats and cheese. For the mains, the scallops were amazing. I've never had anything like it - I don't usually like scallops and the waitress said it must be because they catch the scallops hours before serving. My favorite dessert was the popcorn ice cream with chocolate chunks. So amazing.The bread was superb with the nuts/seeds butter. Get a second serving!The staff was very kind and informative. The meal was well paced, not too rushed and not too long. We ate every single morsel and were so full for the rest of the evening. So indulgent and fun and the perfect way to celebrate.
#REVIEW#I have nothing but good things to say about my experience dining here. Upon entering, the staff was quick to wish me a happy birthday and when we were seated, on our table was already a note card for me (a cute little memorabilia to remember the occasion by). The service was top-notch and the farm-to-table courses were delicious.My boyfriend and I both went for the Farmer's Feast menu which was an ample amount of amazing plates one after the other.I was surprised at how much I enjoyed even the simplest bread and butter which was served midway through the meal. The butter contained nuts/seeds and tasted so fresh and creamy. Very impressed. Special thanks to our wine curator, Jason, for making the experience even more memorable.I definitely recommend Blue Hill to anyone looking for a place to dine. You won't be disappointed!
#REVIEW#What is left to say about this place?They serve up some of the freshest food in the city and have it coursed out in such a free flowing way. My friend and I opted for the wine pairing, which added a nice component to the meal as we took in all the info about each dish and each wine pour.The hostess in the FOH was absolutely fantastic and super charming and informative--also didn't hurt that she was from my hometown.Our waiter was also great and very attentive and friendly.Though the food didn't totally blow me away like I was hoping--the ambiance and professionalism here is unmatched.Definitely not a cheap dinner, but is an awesome experience worth checking out if you get the opportunity.
#REVIEW#Great but not amazing. Im a big foodie and perhaps I was expecting courses to be much more satisfying but I didn't love every dish. Yes the food is spectacular and unlike anything else you'll have in New York but I left with a void. Particularly in my stomach. If you want a fulfilling dining experience this place is not for you. Upon entering you are instantly greeted by a super attentive staff. Attention to detail is their specialty. Check your coat and enter the small and initiate dining room. Once seated you are almost immediately offered tap water or sparkling water. The menu is simple. Choose from a small selection of entrees and pairings or have the farmers feast which is basically chefs choices. There is also an additional option to add onto the farmers feast which includes two additional dishes. Prices start around $100. Once you've looked at the menu the waiter comes around to take beverages, choose a unique craft cocktails or some rare wines and beers. Everything on the menu is unique and has a story which is quite engaging. Once your meals are ordered the food begins to pour out. Small dishes leave the kitchens and find their way onto your table. The presentation and offering is unlike any other place I've ever dined in. The staff has a wonderful way of placing these dishes so delicately and methodically in front of you. Ever dish is framed in a way that creates an instant interest in it. Although the dishes are plenty and wildly different I did feel I waited an unusual amount of time between my courses. Personally it felt at least 10-15 minutes before each dish was delivered (I had about 8 different dishes). The food was deliciously and savory. The flavors brought together on the plate are so exquisite and perfectly paired. I particularly enjoyed their famous in home squash that has a wonderful natural sweetness to it. Almost every dish was an experience in itself, I thoroughly enjoyed learning their nuances. Overall my dining experience was remarkable for the exception of the me waiting a lot and the feeling of not having enough. I would assume this type of dining is just not fit for someone such as myself that is used to larger plates but  bravo to the wonderful staff who had the dining room ceremonies down to a science. Would I come back? YES, will I ask for an additional plate of bread? I THINK so!
#REVIEW#How do you review an experience like Blue Hill NYC? It took me months to finally make a reservation when I would be in town, and the meal totally lived up to my expectations ... I think?I ordered the Farmer's Feast ($108) while my companion ordered the Daily Menu ($95), and in the end the daily menu looked like much more food and arguably a better choice.Every dish was bold and meticulous. Standouts to me were the carrot steak, or basically the Most Perfect Carrot You'll Ever Eat, and the koginut squash with Maine crab. Some were a bit too loud for me, such as the diver scallop with a very pungent sauerkraut/Borscht-style sauce, while felt like a slight antithesis to the "ingredients-first" approach when I could barely taste the scallop under the vinegar.It's hard to argue though, that the overall experience was top notch, and frankly very reasonably priced for the city. If tasked to spend ~$100 somewhere in the city for dinner, I would probably pick Blue Hill time and time again. Unfortunately it seems like everyone else has the same idea, so for now I'll just daydream about the next time. And the next ... and the next.
#REVIEW#5/5 ambiance, 5/5 service, 5/5 foodPersonally one of my favorite restaurants in NYC and deserving of another Michelin star.I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and was blown away by the treatment. From the moment we stepped into the restaurant all the way until the end, they made her special day ever more special. One of the staff even drew her a personalized birthday card, it was super crafty and a unexpected gesture.For dinner we had the farmers feast which is the restaurants take on the traditional prix fixe. It includes 6 or so dishes, ranging from pheasant to diver scallops, raw veggies, cooked veggies, etc. Most importantly every dish really captured and exposed the essence of the fresh ingredient, and really embellished the philosophy of farm to table. Must tries: diver scallops - very fresh scallop, fat and juicy, simple as it gets.dessert oats - love the texture, once again very simple and text bookbread and butter - laughable but one of my favorite dishes, the butter tasted like it was churned on the spotWas okays: beet steak - not very amusing Shout out the wine curator jason taking our experience to the next level!
#REVIEW#Five years taking the NYC dining scene and 450 venues later, I am reporting on January 22nd 2019, that I officially have a new Favorite Restaurant. Things may change, but as of this date, we have groundbreaking news. Somehow, my soaring high expectations were met and surpassed. I have been a huge Dan Barber fan since his feature on the first season of Chef's Table a few years ago. Farm-to-table is my preferred style of dining and it's not a stretch to say that Chef Barber is the king said genre. In addition to his wildly prestigious West Village spot, he has two farms--one in the Hudson Valley and one in the Berkshires--that he manages meticulously. This is a guy who cares deeply about agriculture and sustainability, and it shines through in his cooking. He prizes quality ingredients over any sort of whimsical cooking technique, and my god does he do a knockout job of it. Every last ingredient on the menu is fresh, seasonal and highlighted to reach its utmost potential. Your palette will sing in ways that you never thought possible. And for fine dining, the price is comically fair. At least as far as NYC is concerned. This is your pick for a special occasion dinner, still magical some eight or nine years after its opening. Blue Hill is a fairly small, intimate powerhouse that's not playing any tricks on you. You're not going to see cutting edge techniques or fanfare, but you will see picture perfect execution, across the board. Simply put, this is how food should taste. And by dining here, you're supporting ethical farming practices and an overall philosophy that more people should live by.You have three choices when you dine here: the Daily Menu (three courses with some degree of choice within each category), the Farmer's Feast (six courses) and the Extended Farmer's Feast (eight courses, two are surprises). Unlike many tasting menus, each diner can choose what they'd like (only with the Extended Farmer's Feast does the whole party need to opt in). To get the most bang for your buck, I'd recommend one person choosing the Daily and one person choosing the Farmer's Feast and SHARING all. That's what we did, and it worked out well. It gets a tad confusing if you both opt for wine pairings, but we just committed to sharing and it all worked out. Wine pairings are a fun addition here but not necessary. It just depends what you're in the mood for. Blue Hill offers traditional (wine only) and non-traditional (wine/beer/sake/etc.) to go with all of their menu options. We chose traditional and got a wonderful variety with our meal. Not all were winners, but most were outstanding. We got to try a forty year old Riesling and a rare Madeira, so it was worth it for us. The amuse bouche and little bits at the start of our meal blew our minds and set the bar impossibly high. We began with radishes and carrots--fresh and on-brand. The we were greeted with two small bites of liver coated with a thin chocolate flake, we found ourselves immediately transported to a dizzying wonderland where flavor turns to music and synesthesia makes a culinary splash. We already knew we were in for it. Below, I'll list each unique course we tried, but due the number, I'll give an overall synopsis instead of speaking to each dish. And really, there are only so many ways to convey this dinner was mind-blowing:Maine Lobster w/ carrot, kohlrabi and gingerMontauk Bycatch Skate w/ fennel, pine nuts and pickled grapesMushroom Tartare w/ currants, egg yolk and einkorn toastDiver Sea Scallop w/ koginut squash and dehydrated limeBlue Hill Farm Grass-Fed Veal w/ jerusalem artichoke and hazelnutsBeet Steak w/ NY 150 potato, fighter spinach and cabbage ketchupGrass-Fed Lamb w/ radicchio, cranberry and pistachioBlue Hill Farm Milk w/ granny smith apple, fennel and toasted meringueEight Row Flint Corn w/ popcorn and chocolateThe execution was flawless throughout and the flavors were just sublime. Presentation was beautiful in its simplicity. Nothing was unfamiliar yet everything felt enhanced, reborn. If I had to choose favorites (and this is all relative here), I'd say my top dishes were the Mushroom Tartare, the Scallop, the Veal and the Lamb. Just unbelievably delicious, powerful flavors, thoughtfully constructed. I tend not to like scallops and the bf is usually morally opposed to veal (Chef's Table convinced him to lock this stance away for the night), but we both found ourselves in total ecstasy consuming our oft-taboo proteins. Food comes to life here in a way quite unlike what I've experienced in prior meals. I found myself eating more mindfully than I ever have, intrigued while progressing through the different notes of each bite.I'd be remiss if I didn't give an extra shoutout to our waitress, who was as friendly and knowledgable as servers come. She helped us make informed choices and though not a somm, she knew an impressive amount about each our wines. A classy dining experience, yet wholly down-to-earth.
#REVIEW#When my husband wanted to try Blue Hill for his birthday, I couldn't have been more excited. A month ahead of time, I made a reservation. When the day came, we were stuck in several hours of insane traffic (our 3 hour drive from RI turned into a 7 hour drive into the city-- and we've made this drive many times!!) I continued to call that day to update the restaurant on our delay, and they very courteously held our table. Finally when we were stuck in bumper to bumper traffic on our way, I called the restaurant again to let them know that we were going to be even later (an hour at this point). The hostess was incredibly honest and told me that we would be rushed out at that point to make room for a later reservation.What held Blue Hill apart from the other high end restaurants we have been to, was the way that they reacted. Rather than telling me that we were SOL, the hostess told me that she could hold 2 seats at the bar for us an hour out from when we talked-- and she assured us that the bar was small and intimate. Hesitantly, I accepted this offer. We were dropped off shortly after our phone call, and grabbed a quick drink and appetizer at Babbo on the other side of the block (a fabulous way to kill time if you need to!!). When we got to Blue Hill, our experience was nothing short of superb. The service, even at the bar, was impeccable, and every course was timed perfectly to arrive after the last. I was so thrilled that we were able to attend this spot after the headache is took us to get there, and every dish that we had made the wait even more worth it. I recommend this spot to the everyone I know, and we can't wait to get back!
#REVIEW#Sooooo delicious. Lucked out and got a last minute reservation at the bar. They are super flexible with the menu so we got one of the seasonal tasting menus and regular tasting menu to share which allowed us to try everything we wanted. The amuse bouche, bread, corn, duck, pork, and dessert were amazing. And a lot of the dishes were vegetarian and really brought out the fresh simple ingredients. Just an overall great experience.
#REVIEW#I really wanted to love Blue Hill @ Washington Place.After watching Dan Barber on Chef's Table (a Netflix documentary about exemplary chefs) and reading the yelp reviews about this restaurant, I was very excited. With ingredients picked from their own garden, each dish was meant to "wow" the taste buds. The vegetables were meant to be out of this world.We opted for the farmers feast tasting menu, and started off with a cucumber lightly drizzled in sauce. It was delicious, but it was just a cucumber - it didn't wow me in any way. The remaining courses were very similar: good, but nothing spectacular. The crab & baby corn dish was incredible, yet extremely salty. Some cocktails were great while others (like the bourbon Walnut) tasted like medicine.For it's price range, I expected better from this restaurant. Again, the food was very good, but it was not the Blue Hill experience I had imagined. Maybe the OG Blue Hill at Stone Barns (where the farm is) will be better.However, I will admit, the service was phenomenal.
#REVIEW#Relaxed vibe. Knowledgeable servers. Excellent veg dishes, breads, desserts. Good drinks. Passable beef. Fish meh. A few excellent wines. Overuse of foam perhaps :) Everything beautifully plated. Generally pleasant with some wow moments. We had both the left and right side menus. Both worth trying.
#REVIEW#Amazing vegetables. I'd never thought I'd say that but yeah. There you go.Great decor and simple but well prepared dishes. Overall one of the best American dining options in NYC.
