#NAME#The Mermaid Inn
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-mermaid-inn-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Amazing happy hour!!!! Even on weekend they had happy hour from 4-7. We came here on Sunday afternoon and it wasn't crowded since we came right after they open at 4. I LOVE they pour your wine to the edge, it's not like all other places where don't give you a quarter of the glass. I like their cocktail but I would suggest to order wines because i feel it's more value.  I also love they have happy hour foods and they are all so tasty, plus I love they are all small portion so you get to try different menus.We had oysters/clams, salmon tartar, fish tacos, shrimp slider and lobster rolls. My favorite was fish tacos, they are so good I can eat ton of those. Also their oysters are soooooo good and fresh for $1.I loved our waiter too, he was friendly and charming but not overwhelming. I've been here only for happy hour so don't know what's like for outside of happy hour but their happy hour is solid and one of the best options for weekend happy hour. We had so much food and drinks but our bill wasn't too bad(60 per person without tip). Will definitely come back!!
#REVIEW#Awesome seafood place !! We tried to make it back here for happy hour but always failed. But on our 4 day trip we really wanted to eat here at least twice, because that's how good it was. We came here because we saw the menu paired with good reviews, we thought we had to try it out and there was no regrets!We had the shibumi oyster and Chunu oyster but the shibumi was the best with the flavors and after taste! We had a tiny table for 4 but the service was pretty fast, so despite ordering a lot of good, the plates were always being cleared quickly. There was no dessert menu so they give us a chocolate pudding and it was a tasty little treat that was light and not too sweet. Finally, they give each person a fortune telling fish, like a fortune cookie but the fish will tell your fortune based on its movement. This was so adorable! Overall: 10/10 would recommend
#REVIEW#Decent place for happy hour! Went on a date on a Saturday afternoon at 430pm. Already had a reservation down for two so we were immediately seated. We got half dozen of oyster and clams each, with a hot and dirty for her and an aerol spritz for myself. Total bill came to $33 tax and tip not included. Not bad for a happy hour deal!Happy hours are 4 -7 on weekends. Oysters were $1.25 each , clams $1.00 each, and cocktails were $8 for happy hour pricing. Definitely try to take advantage of that deal!Disclaimer: this review is just for the happy hour experienceAMBIANCE:I really dig the vibes here at the Mermaid Inn! There are two sections of the restaurant, where the front faces second avenue and a back portion that has indoor and a outdoor patio seating. I like the crowd, which tended to be a 20s and 30s crowd. Ambiance was great for a date since it wasn't loud or too packed.PROS:Oysters and clams were very fresh! Not sure where they were from since they were chef curated. Oysters were briny, and had a little bitter aftertaste to it. They were decently sized. I liked the clams better since personally I thought they tasted better. CONS:Aerol spritz wasn't my favorite drink, since it tasted more like tonic water than anything else. Hot and Dirty was a little too spicy for both my and her tastes, so we didn't end up finishing that drink. Oh well.OVERALL:Great shellfish here, and would come back just for that. As for the drinks I think they could use a little bit of tweaking to improve.
#REVIEW#Great example of how to enjoy seafood! Solid choice for crudes or fish, but not the best we have tried.The Crab Cake appetizer was spot on with a slight kick. The Special was half a lobster, clamps & corn, 4/5 points there. It included roasted potatoes.The Lobster Roll was tasty and the texture was good - lots of french fries, slightly salty in my opinion - great crunchiness though.A complimentary chocolate pudding was included and unexpected in a nice small cup, that is always welcome!Service was slightly slow (Sunday evening with good weather), however our waiter was very polite and explained everything clearly with a smile.Prices are according to the area.Would repeat!
#REVIEW#I love coming here for happy hour - oysters are only $1.25 each (fyi they're all "chef's choice" which usually means they're the first oyster listed in the oyster section), clams are even cheaper at $1 each, and there's a nice selection of appetizers which are actually smaller versions of their entrees! I like being able to sample a lot of smaller things instead of dedicating myself to one larger entree that I may or may not like, so this is perfect for me. You also get some crunchy breadsticks and Mermaid Inn-logoed butter to start.The cocktails are just ok, even for $8.50 during happy hour. We tried the Hacienda, Dark and Stormy, and Mermaid Mary, and none of them were up my alley so I just stuck to wine the rest of the time (which is the same price). Out of the food we ordered, the lobster roll was AWESOME and chock full of lobster, smoked gouda mac and cheese was good, and the mini fish taco was the only drawback. I've never seen taco shells fried like that before...it wasn't your typical flat hard shell at all, but puffier and way greasier. Didn't make me feel good about eating it so I ditched the entire thing altogether after a bite (thankfully it was only $3).
#REVIEW#What can I say? A bunch of things that could go wrong, sort of went wrong. I had high expectations for The Mermaid Inn as it is a sister location to the Mermaid Oyster Bar in Greenwich Village. I recommend going there instead.I arrived for my 6 PM reservation late, which was my fault. However, coincidentally, the restaurant's reservation system was crashing so the hostesses could not locate our table anyway. It soon became known that the power was also out in the back and the chefs were continuing to cook in the dark, which I'm sure is a safety hazard.They were willing to keep guests waiting, most of the guests unbeknownst to the problem, even when they themselves had little idea of when the power would come back. Eventually, some of the people with reservations left before the power came back.After willing to stick around for Happy Hour, which was ending as we were being finally seated in the back, we were finally able to put in our order after having to wave down a server. The server to table ratio was pitiful in the back, including the back patio, with what appeared to be two servers only and a handful of bussers.During the dinning, I also overheard what sounded like one of the bussers explaining that he had accidentally charged the wrong person's credit card. I'm not sure what happened there exactly, but I felt like it deserved a mention.The food was actually pretty decent, a bit pricy, and small portioned but I still enjoyed it. However, we were presented with the calamari, which I did not order. The linguine with clams also took forever to arrive, nearly half an hour after all the other items were finished. Wrapping up the check also took some time, and again we had to wave down the server. We were also informed that they were out of the chocolate pudding at the end which was very disappointing.
#REVIEW#the place is crowded; a typical hot spot for seafood and beer. i placed a reservation and i was seated about 20 mins late. the waitress was nice but she didn't go out of her way to make sure we were seated promptly. so meh. the happy hour deals are okay -- the oysters are the best part. everything else was extremely small. i got the salmon dish. while the salmon was crispy and delicious; i got NOOOO veggies to balance it out. it was just one large protein with hardly any side veggies. this place is expensive and boujee and for what? nothing. only go here for the happy hour oyster deal.
#REVIEW#The Mermaid Inn has great happy hour deals on food and drinks until 7pm daily. It's a great place for value, particularly given that it is located in Manhattan in a happening location with a nice interior. I ordered two fried oyster dishes at $5 each. Each dish comes with two oysters, so it was four in total. They weren't bad. The sauce maybe could have used more spice, but still a good deal. I also ordered fried calamari at $7.50. It was a decent sized basket, plenty for one person. I like how they don't just serve rings. There are the funny looking bits too, which are good. It came out kind of lukewarm and a bit drier than I expected, but certainly not the worst I've had.On offer during happy hour is also a miniature lobster roll at $9. It's pretty small, but again, a good deal if you're not that hungry but still want to satiate a lobster fix. It's not as seasoned or as tender as the lobster at Luke's, but still pretty good.Lastly, I tried one of the oyster specials. This one was a Smith Island Bay, Virginia-based oyster called Chunu. Oyster Rater says these are "The same oysters as Misty Point, tumbled frequently so they stay small and form deep cups. The closest thing you'll find on the East Coast to a Kumamoto (which was the idea)." I am a big fan of Kumamotos and mostly all West Coast oysters, so I gave them a shot. They were actually a bit bigger than Kumamotos, almost like Totten Inlets. They did have deep cups, but they present very much like East Coast oysters on the palate, with salt and brine flavors and none of the creamy texture of West Coasts.I washed all this down with a tequila citrus cocktail for $9. Very refreshing to cut through all the richness.The Mermaid Inn is a pleasant experience if you can get there early enough without having to wait for a table and to be able to take advantage of the happy hour offerings. I can see why people like it.
#REVIEW#Ultimately a great happy hour choice in soho. You can get some decent oysters at alittle over a buck a pop and wine at a good price as wellWhile I didn't taste any of the entrees- the happy hour apps were solid, in my opinion best to pocket this as a happy hour destination
#REVIEW#I came here on Saturday around 6pm and it was fairly busy. Make sure you have reservations because they will always be "full" We ordered from the happy hour menu which sounds decent at first but it's actually kind of pricey. Oysters were $1.25 and just okay. The calamari was very greasy and bland. It had too much batter for my liking. The cup of clam chowder was a joke. You get one spoon full serving! The best part of our meal was the complimentary chocolate pudding at the end. The ambiance was dim, warm and romantic. Service was good. I don't really have a reason to return.
#REVIEW#If you are trying to find a place to eat seafood, you will find what you're looking for here. My cousin and I came here for dinner. She made a reservation online. Once we walked in, the place was filled with people. The decor is absolutely beautiful. The candles, the artwork on the walls, the outdoor seating. It's quite pretty. The service was excellent. The waiter provided great suggestions and the employees were very accommodating. We ordered the "Nearly famous" lobster roll. The chef actually decided to split the meal in two because they realized we were sharing it. Our two appetizers were Smoked Long Island Bluefish Dip (recommended by the waiter) and the Pan Roasted Sea Scallops (huge scallops fan here!). The dip had an interesting blend of flavors. The scallops are average here. What I particularly like about this restaurant is the blend of flavors that they have for each dish. I feel as though the food could get better. Everything else is perfect. After your dinner, you get dessert on the house. The chocolate pudding with a fortune telling fish is adorable. We actually plan on coming here for happy hour next time. It's quite affordable. Honestly, a really great date spot if you ask me.
#REVIEW#If you are in the mood for seafood, I highly suggest you swim on over to Mermaid Inn in the East Village. You will not be disappointed.After reading the reviews on here and hearing great things about this spot from friends and coworkers alike, a friend and I decided to visit for HH and dinner. We had 5:45 reservations and I showed up about 10 minutes late (because of the lovely NYC after-work traffic). I was happy to see that my friend was already seated at an outside table. Some places make you wait until your entire party has arrived before allowing you to sit so this was much appreciated! On that note, be sure to take advantage of the nice weather in NYC and sit outside at one of their tables if you can (but the inside of the restaurant has a nice atmosphere as well). Onto the drinks and food...We both were in the mood for something refreshing to beat the NYC humidity and each ordered an Aperol Spritz. All of the HH cocktails were $8.50 - a pretty good deal considering the quality of the drinks made here and the view that we were able to take in. I do love some good NYC people watching. We ordered another round of these shortly after. Now let's get to the food...To start, we ordered a dozen of the raw oysters from the HH menu. We thought these were $1 as advertised on the menu, but just an FYI, these are now $1.25 - and well worth it. We asked our waitress about the oysters prior to ordering (my friend and I prefer our oysters on the tinier side) and she told us that the HH special featured East Coast oysters. When they arrived to the table, I was excited. These oysters were perfect in size, cleanly shucked, and served up with your choice of lemon, hot sauce, or the traditional vinegar mignonette. These were so good that we ordered another round while we waited for our other apps.The HH menu features a ton of other small dishes so we couldn't skip out on these. We also ordered 2 of each of the following - the mermaid fish taco ($3) served in a crispy shell (this was one of my favorites), the shrimp & avo slider ($7.50) which was perfectly seasoned and more filling than I initially thought it would be, and the shrimp corndog ($3) which was deep-fried goodness served on top of a spicy mustard (another fave of mine). I will admit that we definitely had more fried food than we thought we would have, but every bite was on point. So, so good.After all of this, we were stuffed and asked for the check. Our waitress brought us each a complimentary chocolate pudding. Could the night get any sweeter? Oh yes it could. We were also each given a fortune teller fish - take the paper fish out, place in your hand, and the way the tail moves will tell you your 'fortune.' Very cute!Overall, I think Mermaid Inn is an awesome catch (okay, sorry about all the ocean-related jokes). Come here if you are looking for top-notch service, food, and experience.
#REVIEW#I was blown away by my (and my friend's) first time experience at The Mermaid Inn.Why can't all restaurants be like The Mermaid Inn? As far as I'm concerned, they have done everything right to warrant the rating I'm giving. Top notch all around.I arrived at 5:35 pm and informed the host that I made an Open Table reservation for 5:45. No problem as I was immediately shown to a table even though my friend had not yet arrived. Huge bonus points for that.As I looked over the menu, sitting Al fresco on this lovely summer-like evening,  I was warmly welcomed by waitresses Lisa and then Julie. A small basket of flatbread with butter was placed on the table and I got a head start by ordering the Aperol Spritz from the happy hour food & drink menu. Happy hour runs until 7 PM. Cocktails were $8 while select wine was $7.Once my friend arrived, she joined in by also ordering the Aperol Spritz. This cocktail was slightly carbonated, bitter, citrusy and very refreshing. It also proved to be a great accompaniment to our meal. Very delicious, light and was being served to many patrons around us. Did not clash with food.The main reason for visiting Mermaid Inn was to try their happy hour $1 raw oysters on the half shell, which once you arrive to the restaurant, turn out to be $1.25. No biggie. Guess a website update is in the works.Talk about a Mariner's delight. We were informed that the chef's selection of the oysters would be East Coast from Nantucket. We ordered one dozen which was accompanied by hot sauce, lemon wedges, cocktail sauce and mignonette (a delicious vinegar based sauce). It wasn't too long before the dozen were devoured and we ordered a second dozen. Very fresh and delicious--as though they were just caught from the ocean and shucked.I've read that East Coast oysters are more briny (salty) than West but these contained a nice balance of briny with a hint of sweetness.  The oysters were a starter for us because we continued to order from the happy hour food special section. (Do not be deceived with the prices because the tab can run up pretty quickly). We decided on the shrimp corn dog ($3 for one dog), Pollack fish taco ($3 for one taco) and the shrimp/avo slider on a soft, delicious bun (this was $7.50 for one slider). Aside from ooh-ing and ahh-ing over the raw oysters, our secondary selections met our expectations as well. Personally, I really enjoyed the shrimp corn dog (served on a small bed of cole slaw & grainy mustard) and the shrimp/avo slider. Extremely good.We were finally full and satisfied to the point of not ordering any more food. The lovely waitress presented us with a complimentary small chocolate pudding and a fortune teller fish. Still can't figure out my "fortune", but it was cute and novel.The total for the entire meal with drinks was $120 including tip. But the first rate service, amazing food, wonderful atmosphere was well worth it.I'm eager to return and order from their main menu next time. This restaurant is a winner and crowd pleaser. Highly recommend! Swim on over when you can.
#REVIEW#A friend of mine took me out a nice date here and I was blessed with a blessed with curled up fish after my dinner. Each fish has its own meaning and I believe my was something about patience. Anyways, Mermaid is beautiful restaurant with out door seating in the summer months. Inside there is a lot of seating with a main dinning area and back dining area. I have only sat in the outdoor and in the back dining which I think is amazing. The back dining area is dimly lit and intimate.As for food, we order the crab cakes and shared the pan roasted cod and the salmon which tasted good. We enjoyed our meal with Sauvignon Blanc.
#REVIEW#Everything I tried here was good... which were the linguine clams, all the oysters, mini clam chowder, yellow fin tuna crudo. However, my least favorite oysters were the kusshi and ziggy stardust. That's only because I like the more briney ones. All of them were fresh!! If you like horseradish, you'll have to ask for it. We came at 5pm on a Thursday evening and it was not busy yet... surprisingly. I would definitely come here again when we're back in town to visit!!
#REVIEW#Great service, arrived on a Wednesday at 7. However, we just missed the happy hour special sadly. We had two dozen oysters, a mixture of west and east coast oysters. I prefer the west coast oysters - they were amazing! They have a large selection of different types of oysters. We also had the grilled branzino and the pan roasted faroe island salmon. The grilled branzino had alot of bones but it was decent. The pan roasted faroe island salmon was cooked near perfection. The skin was cripsy and went very well with the soft salmon. The salad under the salmon gave it a great finishing touch. Would definitely recommend this place to my friends and would be coming back more often for happy hour specials! Their drinks were good - we ended up getting more than one!
#REVIEW#A favorite happy hour spot  downtown. We happened upon this place and like all mermaids, was curious and entered..such a fun time!  We tried the seafood dip and the lobster mac & cheese, and my fav the lobster roll  was outstanding.Food seems smaller portioned , but we were  well attended by servers and just enjoyed ! You can't go wrong with The Mermaid experience.  Happy Hour is everyday until 7, on Sunday's there is a lobster special which I recommend everyone tries out at least once.  It's a decent sized lobster served with roasted potatoes, corn on the cob, slaw, & butter.
#REVIEW#So I have to take them down a star after tonight, our second visit. We stopped in this afternoon because Jayson's been dying to go back, and he was craving scallops. It wasn't overly busy. We got a nice spot outside. Then, I don't know what happened. It took forever to have anyone come over. And when he did, we ordered a dozen oysters and a bottle of sparkling water. The oysters came. And I don't know if these were just the last of what they had for the week, or the ones slated to be thrown out, but they were just all kinds of wrong.  They were just thrown on the tray, they didn't look fresh. Actually, they looked kind of sickly. Jayson only got through three. And after 20 more minutes, we were still waiting for the sparking water and to place our order. We finally just got up, paid the check for the oysters and left. Very, very disappointed.
#REVIEW#I love the mermaid inn happy hour. This review is based on the HH. Make sure to make a reservation if you're coming for HH. Why do I love it here? Because the hh is actually about the food, not just the booze ($8.50 for a glass of wine is still not that amazing). Oysters at $1.25, mini clam chowders, delicious calamari, salmon tar tar , mini fish tacos (those I'm actually not crazy about), and fried oysters. Come order one of everything! The service is also always friendly.
#REVIEW#I came over for seafood and it was a delight. Reservations is preferred to be made prior to dining in. Food: Lobster roll: tasted so fresh and loved the thinly slit fries that came on the sideMac and cheese: came across as a bit dry but it was good. Maybe since I'm from the south I expect my Mac and cheese to be really cheesy Fish tacos: crispy and delicious.Crab sliders: crunchy and the acidity from the pickled cabbages paired well with the crab Enjoyed the complimentary dessert:chocolate pudding and everyone at my table got our fortune read by a red paper fish
