#NAME#Basta Pasta
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/basta-pasta-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#How have we never been here before?  This place is top quality, a great value and 30-years old!We stumbled in here looking for a meal after a day out and we're shocked to see this unique combo of Asian inspired Italian food. The kitchen is open, the atmosphere is friendly and the food is simply amazing. We had the Shrimp Risotto, the Papardelle with meat sauce and Spaghetti with Shitake Mushrooms in Tomato sauce. All were fantastic!We will definitely be back!!
#REVIEW#Basta Pasta is an intimate, dimly lit restaurant. While it's Italian food, the chef is Asian so there's a twist on some of the dishes. We got wine to start, of which they didn't have any Chardonnay. However the waiter recommended something similar and we both ended up getting glasses. We started off with the duck breast salad which was light and refreshing - perfect for before having some pasta. For pasta, you HAVE to get the spaghetti con prosciutto as it comes in the cheese wheel. We also tried the salmon which was cooked perfectly. Overall I would definitely come back to try more dishes.
#REVIEW#I liked Basta Pasta - I've heard so much about it and was excited to try the pasta (even if not in the cheese wheel).Came with a friend through a reservation right at 6 when they open and were seated right away. It was super empty (kind of sad seeming) when we sat, but it filled right up! They have nice tablecloths / etc, so the vibe was akin to old-school classy.We got the appetizer sweet potato gnocchi, crudo, and another full pasta dish and it was just enough to fill the two of us up. The fish in the crudo was super fresh tasting, and while I didn't think much of the gnocchi, the pastas tasted very fresh.Overall, glad I tried it but probably wouldn't go for a second time. Would recommend to come only if you're in the area and are craving pasta.
#REVIEW#A solid place for a get together--takes reservation, not too loud atmosphere, and good pasta.The uni pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente. I think it would be better with a little more uni, but it was still good.
#REVIEW#Busy and bustling, Basta Pasta is not where you want to go for a quiet, romantic dinner, but the hustle is part of the charm. I'd recommend a reservation, as it's a pretty small restaurant. The bread, especially the bread with the blue cheese spread, was very good, and nice to nosh on before your meal. If you're in the mood for cheesy pasta, then definitely go for the cheese wheel spaghetti! It comes with prosciutto, which provides the perfect amount of salt to this rich dish. I got the seafood pasta, which had tons of shrimp, scallops, clams, and octopus, but could have used a touch more salt.The tiramisu was a wonderful ending to our meal. It was not overly sweet and had great texture and flavor.Service was lovely, if a bit rushed, but I understand given the number of people waiting for tables.Thank you for a great meal, Basta Pasta!
#REVIEW#Great Italian place! I got here at 6 PM and the restaurant started to fill up shortly after on a Tuesday night. Get the FLAN!!!!I got the octopus, it was very soft. I don't eat octopus often so not sure how to rate it in comparison to other braised octopus. But it was good, kinda small for $15 though? But then again, don't know the usual price for such things. I also got the salmon bow tie pasta dish. This was very delicious. I usually don't like the pasta itself in pasta dishes but the bow ties were really good and so was the sauce it was dipped in. I proceeded to dip leftover bread in the sauce after I engulfed the entire plate because it was so good.The flan was also amazing. Best flan I've ever had. Really delicious. Please order it. You will not regret it. It topped the meal off perfectly and although I ate a three course meal I don't feel like I'm giving birth to a food baby anytime soon... The service was also very good. One of the waiters recommended the flan. I stand by her recommendation. Flan.
#REVIEW#Pasta. done. right. Plus, the wine selection is very good. My friend and I came for a catch-up session and were pleasantly surprised with how good everything was. The layout is very good for groups, so feel free to bring 4, 5, or even 6 people here (with a reservation, of course). The staff were all very nice as well. To start, we ordered the scallops - which were done to perfection (fluffy, not oily). Plus, the vegetables on the plate were all very crisp and fresh-tasting. I believe a huge part of what makes everything great is the open kitchen, which leaves no secrets. There is also a cheese wheel that's used with select dishes, but that didn't apply to my salmon pasta so I will have to figure out what does for next time. ;) The salmon pasta however, was extremely delicious. It was creamy with a good amount of buttery fish that melts in your mouth and crisp vegetables. They need to seriously pat their chefs on the back, because they are doing everything right! Note that dinner also comes with a variety of bread - two pieces are smeared with a blue cheese Brie that has a nice complexity to it. Perfect accompaniment. Plus, my wine didn't taste cheap at all and had a nice depth to it, even for being a white. Overall, two thumbs way up and I would love to return.
#REVIEW#I had pretty high expectations coming here which might be why my rating dropped a little. It's a very cute date spot, overall a good experience and got pretty full from all the dishes. But definitely didn't have much WOW moments.They started us off with bread but no butter (so had to ask for some). The sweet potato gnocchi appetizer came out pretty quickly after placing our order and was a big fan of it. Linguine Ai Ricci Di Mare - this wasn't my dish but I did take a few bites and would say it's fresh and the seafood taste is not overpowering from the sauch.Spagetti Con Prosciutto E Parmigiano - they place a layer of cheese on top and be sure to eat it while it's hot otherwise it'll harden once it cools down, making it difficult to break apart the pasta lying underneath. A little too salty but overall good.
#REVIEW#Gets crowded around dinner time so be sure to make a reservation! With a very in your face open kitchen and waiters wheeling around carts filled with cheese Basta Pasta will never bore you. My friend and I started with a tuna tartar special- presented beautifully and tasted fresh. For my main course I went with a very simple dish of grilled chicken and vegetables- not on the menu but due to my dietary restrictions the staff was more than happy to customize my dish. My friend had bolognese, rich ragu and perfectly al dente pasta as he described it. Price wise it seems average for flatiron. Will for sure be back.
#REVIEW#Totally glorious pasta here that's a mix of your favorite Japanese tastes and the comfort of Italian. An awesome tip: get appetizer portions (they offer them here) of a bunch of pastas so you can try them all. The tobiko and shiso pasta is off-the-charts good, while the eggplant and mozzarella tomato sauce pasta is exactly what you want in a traditional pasta dish, but lighter. The uni pasta and the cheese-wheel Parmesan pasta were also good, but came in second to these first two. 5 Stars!!!!!!
#REVIEW#My favorite place to eat. Never fails me. We go there a lot for special occasions and for no occasion just because you know it's good.
#REVIEW#So I stumbled across this place while in New York. I wanted Italian food and found them.  Although this is not your typical Italian restaurant it was very good.  The service was good even though she was not very friendly she was attentive!  The salad was was good but a bit small for the price.  My food was very delicious and it had amazing presentation it was served table side in a half wheel of parmigiana cheese. Definitely a must try if you are in the neighborhood. Salute
#REVIEW#Cheese wheel pasta. I'd say that's more or less all you need to know, but I'd be lying.  We originally came for the cheese wheel pasta, but we were more impressed with the rest of the menu.  They have perfected the fusion of Asian seasonings with Italian style pasta resulting in savory umami flavors that don't normally land as hard in Italian food.  Each bite was so satisfying, and we'll definitely come back whenever we are in New York!
#REVIEW#Delicious! I love Basta Pasta. Favorite dishes are the uni pasta and the cheese wheel pasta topped with prosciutto!IG: @twomorebites
#REVIEW#LOVED my experience at Basta Pasta!! I came with some of my family that live in the city and definitely want to come back. As a starter we got the octopus and let me tell you, it was OH SO TENDER I can't even explain!! It was my first time ever having octopus so it has set my standards very high for octopus. For my main course, I had to get the Parmesan pasta that's made in the cheese wheel and it did not disappoint. It was very cheesy but I love cheese so I was a big fan! Lastly, I have to talk about the sangria I had. It was AMAZING. It was not too sweet, and just tasted very clean and fresh. Normally I don't like sangria but I tried my cousins and it was delicious. Definitely recommend giving this place a try if you're in the city!!
#REVIEW#I used to come here more often when I used to work nearby. My to go dish was usually their uni pasta with pink sauce -- can be fishy though so don't order unless you normally like uni to begin with. I tried their squid/calamari appetizer recently and it was pretty good. I can tell it was detaily made as the squid was cooked to perfection (not overcooked and definitely tender but not mushy). Definitely check this place out for pasta if you're in the neighborhood as they have a large variety of pasta selections and fish options. Their seafood is cooked pretty well - never had overcooked seafood here by far.
#REVIEW#My review is because of the waiter we had. We stayed for a total of 20 minutes which was the quickest fine dining experience I've ever had. I found him to be rude and made my whole experience here feel rushed. I came in and was escorted by the host very smoothly. He was polite, courteous and patient. But when we sat down, we barely got the menus and bread when the waiter came to take our order. He didn't even look up. He was like, "What do you want?!?" Very loud and irritating compared to the aura of the restaurant. Broke the whole trance. Later, we finished the ricotta that came with the bread and asked if we could have a little more cause it tasted so good. He said, "one only for each customer" I've been to tons of restaurants where they were more then happy to give me more. It's like going into a restaurant and New York and getting denied tap water after the first glass. He made the cheese wheel pasta for us. But he seemed rushed and didn't really try to invite us in to watch. The pasta was not well made, undercooked  and tasted to tough. Every time we were done with something, he quickly hovered over and took everything away without asking us if we were finished which would've been common courtesy in a Italian restaurant. All he would say loudly and rudely was, "DESSERT?!" We felt obligated to order and every time we were done, we didn't even have time to breathe in between, make choices or dwindle and enjoy our meals. Definitely would not want to be served by this guy again. Ruined everything.
#REVIEW#I came specifically for the cheese wheel spaghetti (spaghetti con prosciutto e parmigiano) and left disappointed and thirsty. I wasn't even able to get a good shot or video out of it! If something wasn't posted on the 'gram, did it really happen?Ok so we walked into Basta Pasta, and I immediately saw a parmasan cheese wheel with two holes already dug in. I giggled and clapped my hands together in excitement like a giddy schoolgirl. We put our orders in. Fifteen minutes later, the chef wheeled over the cart with the cheese wheel and spaghetti. However, due to the cramped restaurant space, the cheese wheel action was not exactly tableside. It all happened behind my boyfriend, which meant I had to rely on him to get the shot. Never send a man to do a woman's work.As for the taste, it was bland and salty. The prosciutto and basil on top of the spaghetti seemed like mere afterthoughts to add color to the dish. The noodles were less al dente but more undercooked. Meh.I'm glad to have finally scratched my itch of eating cheese wheel pasta but wished the outcome had been better.
#REVIEW#Nice! I wasn't expecting too much given the shoddy reviews but my first experience was good! There was a steady group in and out for a Monday night which brings good ambience. Service was great and very attentive. Pasta was great texture and flavorful. They did run out of the duck entree however as that was my first choice. I got the ink pasta which was good. I was the first at my table to finish
#REVIEW#They did pasta in the cheese wheel with prosciutto and it's was delicious. Personally I prefer the Linguine, urchins is so so, but the pink source is amazing!
