#NAME#Raclette
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/raclette-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sandwiches,french#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Celebrated a birthday here in December 2017 - the service was attentive and the food was delicious! We even got a complimentary dessert with a candle to celebrate. Their burger is also great, but definitely get their signature dish with tableside service of melted cheese!
#REVIEW#Best Mac and Cheese. Alert: when you enter there will be a strong smell. It is coming from the cheese. Do yourself a favor do not choose to have traditional cheese with your raclette. I did have traditional cheese and wasn't able to eat it; cheese wasn't good.
#REVIEW#This has been on my list of restaurants to try for a while now. Like most people, I first heard of Raclette from the Insider video that shot them to fame. I was really excited to try because I mean, what's not to like about carbs, meats and oozing cheese! Plus you get a cool insta video out of it. Sad to say we were severely disappointed by the raclettes (Suisse and Parisienne). They had little to no flavor other than the pure saltiness of the cheese. It was boring and tasteless. Perhaps our expectations were too high? Anyway, the only redeeming factor of this meal was the fig tartine. If it wasn't for this, I would've probably given a 2 star rating. If you must come try this place for yourself, do not skip on the tartine. It was amazing and if I'm ever in the area, I would go in just to grab one to go!
#REVIEW#Great concept and food, but terribly overpriced. In that sense, it's like melting pot. It's a very simple concept and basic food but most don't have access to the cooking equipment unless you go out of your way to buy them. Had to wait a tad for a table but I've been waiting so long to try this place that I didn't mind. The high chairs were uncomfortable, not going to lie. The bf and I went for the swisse plate with the upgraded paprika Swiss. Took a little to come out but when it did, I was so excited I burned my mouth on the hot cheese. Note* make sure to allow the cheese to cool slightly lol. But it was great, the saltiness of the paprika cheese really came through. The plate consisted of baby potatoes (lyfe), jamon, prosciutto, baby pickles (super cute and very juicy). I'll probably try it once more just to get the tartines, the fig one looks pretty good. Other than that, will start making it at home. Considering the swisse plate ingredients and the simplicity of the cheese itself, it's pretty simple and cost friendly to make at home. Raclette is def a must try, at least once for the novelty.
#REVIEW#CHEESE OVERLOAD! Been dying to try this place out ever since I kept seeing it on Instagram. So this was our first stop for dinner when we were in NY, and we did not regret it at all. We had to make a reservation since the spot is really cramped and limited in seating. When I say cramped, I felt like I was having dinner with the table right next to us. The smell of cheese was also lingering in the air while you're walking towards the restaurant. This place was definitely a great recommendation from fellow foodies. I'd say worth all the hype. Location was decent, we only had to walk a couple of blocks after getting off the subway. Prices were also reasonable considering the quality of food plus the entertainment of watching them plaster your plate with melted cheese, delicious and very aesthetically pleasing. We walked in and instantly welcomed by our waitress, Marina, and she was so accommodating! She made sure we did not have any question regarding the menu and walked us through the alcohol selection as well. I got the steak, while my fiance got the burger: both raclette style. The cheese goes on the burger, while it went on my potatoes. A whole lot of cheese for sure, can't miss that! I mean the cheese can be really overwhelming, but that's why we were there. As for dessert, we were way too full to even put anything else in our mouth. They had great selection for desserts though. Overall, 5/5. Will come back here the next time we're in NY. Honestly one of the best foodie experience we've had, that we wish we could have shared with family and friends.
#REVIEW#The restaurant is really simple and good. We asked for Raclette truffle with prosciutto and was really nice. Without drink , we paid $35 each with Tips.The service was Ok.
#REVIEW#This was a pretty big hype back when I lived in NYC. Saw a video on FB and instantly wanted to come here. Restaurant is known to basically wipe melted cheese on top of whatever you order, which is pretty frikin' awesome. It's always busy, and we actually had to go elsewhere the first time we tried coming because of the long wait. It's not a big restaurant. The ambiance is very moody, and great for a date. Lots of tables for intimate parties. Service was great. The food was actually just okay and the portion wasn't huge, but the cheese was what made this awesome. I guess it's the experience that you are really aiming for.Recommendations: One time experience, probably with a date.
#REVIEW#Very good. Service was quick, waitress was friendly. I went here with a group for a bachelorette and got the burger with the traditional raclette. It was very tasty, cooked perfectly, and absolutely covered in cheese. There was something slightly off about the texture of the sweet potato fries (a little chewy?) but other than that, I really enjoyed my meal. I know my friend loved her mac and cheese as well.
#REVIEW#Honestly, one of the best experiences in my life. Not even joking. I ordered one of everything and it was all sensational. I love cheese and that's definitely a prerequisite to the visit, but wow is it worth tThe Mac and cheese is gold (just like a few reviews suggested)The Mediterranean Raclette is also incredible for a vegetarian option!The fig tartine was the table favorite, it's a MUST.The burger was phenomenal. Everyone needs to go to Raclette, I'm a firm believer of its magic.
#REVIEW#Now I love cheese, so this isn't an assault on that wonderful gift from God, nor the service - super pleasant and accommodating - but more of a commentary on the state of a medium burger. Medium does not mean well done. Tbh that just ruins the whole burger experience ...nonetheless, if someone really wanted to go to this place again, I'd go with them, just not sure if I will solo dine there myself again. Can't fxck with a burger like that. It's blasphemous :(
#REVIEW#Ra-ra-ooh-la-la!! Ra-ra-oh my gawd!! I love the melted cheese!You see the videos all over the internet. You have a lovely plate of food that gets smothered in fresh melted cheese scraped from a cheese wheel. It is as amazing as it looks and sounds. I should just stop right here.I tried the Parisienne (skirt steak w/ mushrooms, asparagus, and potatoes). My friend tried the mac and cheese. Your entrée comes with the traditional melted cheese for free. Of course I decided to be extra today and chose the black truffle ($3). The only thing that bummed me out was the black truffle cheese wheel was nearing its end. Therefore the melted cheese was a lot less (less surface area of the wheel) compared to other cheese wheels that were still had more than half left. Mac and cheese is hands down some of the best I've ever had. I would absolutely recommend you to order it, try it, because you will devour it.
#REVIEW#It was my first time there and the vibe is very relaxed and the food couldn't be better, my friends and I had an Amazon night there! Highly recommended.
#REVIEW#Every year my best friend comes out from California. And every year I bring him to Raclette. Let's begin. We started with MORNAY MAC & CHEESE. It's very nice. Not too much so it's perfect for an appetizer or even a main if you're not incredibly hungry. Exquisite flavors topped with panko breadcrumbs. Then we both got the PARISIENNE.7 oz pan-seared marinated skirt steak, sautéed mushrooms, roasted asparagus and potatoes. The steak is already cooked to medium rare (which to us is the perfect temperature) Topped with truffle cheese. Delicious!!We ordered two Desserts!! DECONSTRUCTED CREME BRULEELemon, Mixed Berry, Caramelized Cookie. It is a very interesting dessert. The lemon "brulee" is a delicate custard, that mixed with the mixed berry is amazing. BLACKBERRY - THYME CHEESECAKELemon Curd, Brulèed Sugar, Tuile SpiralI have ordered this every time we dine at Raclette. And every time it never disappoints. I will done at Raclette as often as I can as it's an amazing spot. Make sure you have reservations or you might have trouble getting in.
#REVIEW#Love this place food is so good -truffle cheese is the best -place is extremely small
#REVIEW#Oh my Cheese. My girlfriend I are both extensive cheese lovers, and had been hyped about going to this place for the longest time. Having tortured ourselves enough from watching all of the Raclette videos online, we were dying to try this place once and for all.We had made reservations prior for 2 people at 7PM. When we walked in, immediately the stench of cheese hit our nose. At first, we thought that one of us had farted, but we took back our accusations as we realized that the smell was actually coming from the copious amounts of Raclettes being poured onto people's plates. When we ordered, I ordered the steak and potatoes plate with a paprika Raclette, while my my girlfriend ordered a burger with fries topped with Raclette. However, it wasn't until we got our food and started eating that for once in our lives, cheese was going to defeat us.Parisienne Raclette plate: Came with 7oz steak, mushrooms, asparagus, and potatoes. The steak was perfectly cooked and the vegetables and potatoes proved to be delicious as well. The waiter brings out the torched block of cheese and slides it down onto your food - a truly magical moment. With the oozing cheese on my food, every bite I took was filled with cheese, some bites being smooth and others being crispy. The paprika cheese had a nice flavor punch to it, and ultimately tasted great with all the food on my plate. Raclette Burger: Came with caramelized onions on top and sweet potato fries. The burger itself was very good and extremely juicy. With the oozing cheese on top, it became a pleasurable mess. So much cheese was on the burger that it was oozing off onto the bun!Overall, our first experience here was to be as expected: mouth-watering and amazing. The amount of cheese consumed that nice was unparalleled to any other dining experience my girlfriend and I have had. That being said, it was after dining here at Raclette that I realized that there is such a thing as TOO MUCH cheese. After the meal, my girlfriend and I were completely stuffed - we could barely move! Because each dish has so much cheese, the food turns out to be super heavy. Other than that fact, the experience was one-of-a-kind and I can't wait to come back one day!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite food experiences in New York was coming here to get the melted cheese straight from the cheese wheel! A lot of cheese, but those first bites are SO GOOOD. There was a wait, but it was definitely worth it. As soon as we came in, service was very accommodating! Our waitress ensured that our first experience was a good one. It is a compact restaurant but were still comfortably seated as a group of 5.
#REVIEW#Racelette is a Swiss French concept, I never knew of. It is delicious. I went for parisienne. For racelette, I went with truffle racelette. It was delicious with the earthy truffle flavor. I highly recommend it. Skirt stake, mushroom, asparagus and potato were all delicious. But truffle racelette was the star. To me it felt like, whichever dish would have tasted equally good with truffle racelette. Generally I don't eat a lot of cheese, so this dish was good for two people. I alone couldn't have finished it. I also went for the fig tartine, which was also very delicious. I recommend that too. The bread had extra gluten which made the crust chewy though.
#REVIEW#If you love cheese this is the spot for you! A layer of cheese was poured on all our dishes from a warmed cheese wheel.  There was a list of cheeses to choose from, some tastier than others.  I ordered breaded chicken with a salad and truffle cheese.  . SOOO good! The smell of cheese is rather intense when you first walk into the restaurant.  NOTE; the restaurant is SMALL and narrow.  We had a group of about 12 people and they were able to accommodate but it was tight, close seating.
#REVIEW#If you have been to the holiday markets, and you have seen people with a baguette sandwich on their had with cheese inside? Or maybe smelled something that triggers your nostril to find this place then you have been gifted with the beauty of Raclette. And if you like me have spent many years at the holiday market, walked up to this little booth and seen the people at work, cutting the bread, putting the little pickles and prosciutto or salami and the delicious half wheels of cheese melting under a heat lamp and then scraping that bubbly delicious cheese into the bread, but never bought it cause it too expensive? Well YOU TOTALLY SHOULD GET IT!!!!!!!!! $13- $15 ish dollars but let's be real, you have a $20 and you can splurge it during the holiday to try it because you will never go buy that huge wheel of Raclette cheese to DIY it at home. Now if you like me, kind of crazy, you will do exactly that. But the sandwich on Saturday and then on Sunday bring you friends to the actual restaurant. Raclette NYC. If your friends like cheese, they will THANK YOU. Now this place is fairly small and very cozy feels, so you definitely will need a reservation. There are always a lot of people coming in and waiting and wanting to go eat in here. So either get there early or make a reservation. Now we didn't make a reservation cause the times were either at 9:45pm or pass 10pm. So we decided to wing it. We got to the place around 8:20pm and asked how long and put our name down. We were told maybe around 40 minute wait. So we went around the block to walk around. And they called us around 8:40 to tell us that a table will be ready in about 10 ish minutes. So we walked back and let them know we were back. We got seated around 9 pm so it was very accurate ( for us). So the menu in the holiday market is only around 3 variety of sandwiches butttttttttt in store you get so much more choices. There's plates of cold cuts with roasted potatoes and 2 slices of baguette and arugula salad and baby pickles, to Monsieur / madame sandwiches and America sandwich to burgers and after my food coma I don't seem to remember what else is in the menu.....  there is also a wine menu. Now the cheese, there is traditional Raclette but there are also many different flavors of Raclette. And I only remember there was the truffle favor ( cause that what we ordered).The cheese scrapping only happened on the burger or the plates ( bread, potato, cold cuts, salad). Now the plates have different varieties too.So that night we ordered 2 burgers ( medium well), American Sandwich and the Complete Plate. The burgers were both medium well and they were STILL juicy as hell!!!!!!!!!! And my friend had a brilliant idea of adding a slice of prosciutto from the Complete plate on to her burger and it was BANGING!!!!!!!! The American Sandwich was so crunchy and soooo fulll of flavor!!!!! Then the Complete. Now if you have questions in r regards to that, so did I. Complete basically mean you get all 4 choices of the cold cuts. You get to try everything. The 4 cold cuts, with roasted potato, arugula salad, little pickles, and bread. It's a good plate to share with your friends because if you were to finish it by yourself I'm sure your doctor will tell you to lay off the salt. Now if you don't really care go salty / savory food, you NEED to order the DECONSTRUCTED CREME BRÛLÉE!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a light and fluffy lemony cream filling in a ramekin, in the middle there is a berry jam or jelly or purée ( whatever it was it was delicious!) and then topped with the classic creme brûlée torches sugar sheet. Topped with a couple berries and powdered sugar. You have Noooooooo idea how much I dream about that dessert!!! It was just soooo LIGHT and not too sweet ( in my opinion- I do have a sweet tooth). If you have no interest in cheese, at least go there to get that dessert!!!!! But mind you the store smells like smelly cheese( but so good). At the end of the night it came out to be around $30 something a person. Which was decent. If you're in the area go and give it a try~~~~
#REVIEW#This was one of those restaurants I'd see on videos on my Facebook homepage and say to myself "I'm never gonna visit New York anyways," and quickly scroll past it. A few months ago, my bf and I decided to take a trip to New York since neither of us have been there. I was so desperate to find this restaurant online because I LOVE CHEESE. And if I'm going to be visiting New York, this was the top restaurant on my to do list! We easily made reservations online and were seated right away. I'm just going to state the obvious: New York is nothing like Los Angeles! The streets are overcrowded, homes are overcrowded, so it made sense there was barely room to maneuver around the restaurant. The seats and tables were all tightly packed together... it soon became too uncomfortable for me to enjoy my meal there. The staff is incredible here. How did they know we were from out of town?? Lol. They immediately gave us water and asked if we had any questions about the menu. Another disappointing moment: to find out they ran out of their garlic cheese (I was fixated on ordering this before I even stepped foot in here). We ordered the Chicken Paillard $20 and Black Truffle Cheese $3. So basically, if you want cheese to be scraped off the wheel, it's an additional $3 just for them to scrape it off, and $3 for the cheese itself. You only get one scrape (bummer). We wanted additional cheese on our plate so we ordered the traditional cheese (which was $0 for the cheese). I did research and found their prices went up from $18 to $20 for the Chicken Paillard within 5 months. That's ridiculous! This is a one time experience, if you're looking for the excitement of hot cheese being scraped off a wheel. Other than that, my boyfriend and I saved a lot of money by sharing a plate. I noticed that's what many other couples did as well. I don't understand how they are doing so well up to this point. Our whole dish was extremely salty, then the cheeses made it extra salty. We drank so much water during our meal! I am a little disappointed with my entire experience here.
