#NAME#Cha-An
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cha-an-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,tea#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I enjoyed a very peaceful dinner by myself. The food was much more filling than I remember.I ordered the Chakura Set for $25. It came with tofu and seaweed salad, smoked salmon, two side dishes, soup, seven-grain rice, and a dessert. Everything was delicious. The matcha jelly dessert was tiny but absolutely divine. What a refreshing way to end the meal. I Iove that they always change up the two side dishes and dessert. It gives me incentive to keep visiting.The customer service and ambience is always so lovely and romantic. I recommend the Chakura Set if you really want to get your money's worth.
#REVIEW#The stairs are there so you burn a few calories before eating all too many desserts!Cha-An really nailed the its environment to serve as a tranquil eating experience. I really recommend this place to have nice conversations over a sweet bite or some tea. My friends and I ordered three different desserts: the black sesame creme brûlée, hojicha anmitsu, and mochi mochi. All three tasted exactly how I expected it to. The jelly from the anmitsu was exceptionally good, as well as the custard from the creme brûlée. The mochi mochi is great if you're into traditional mochi texture, but I'm not particularly a fan of the bland taste.If you've never had Japanese dessert before, I recommend getting your taste buds suited here.
#REVIEW#A chillhop playing meal and dessert place, Cha-An is a great spot to stop by after a meal for some sweets. The interior is intimate and relaxing and the staff are quick and friendly. They have a decent selection of desserts, which aren't overwhelming sweet. It's suitable for a palate that enjoys subtle-flavored items. They also have a nice selection of teas.Recommended items:Mochi MochiJasmine BreezeJelly BlossomThe place is often busy so it can get noisy and crowded. It is also pricier than the average dessert shop. It is suitable for seeing friends, dates, or casual special occasions.
#REVIEW#I was very excited to try this out, since I love Japanese desserts and matcha. I also had two friends recommend it because they know my appreciation for the type of desserts they serve here. Upon the waitress' recommendation, however, I decided to forgo a matcha dessert and try the seasonal special which was the Hanami parfait (Sakura cookie, cherry blossom ice cream, shiratama mochi and basically rice cereal with strawberry syrup, lots of whipped cream and strawberry milk jelly.) I was extremely disappointed and unsatisfied with this dessert. The cookie was good, but everything else was underwhelming. It was mostly whipped cream and syrup and it was $15. Not even tasty, and overly sweet. However, my husband ordered the mochi mochi (hojicha ice cream with shiratama mochi and green tea mochi) which was spectacular! The hojicha is a roasted green tea which gives it a brownish color, but has a delightful flavor. This dessert was the saving grace of the day and gives me reason to return. Although all items are pricey here, I would want to come back and stick to what I like best- matcha desserts!!
#REVIEW#Matcha tea is bitter and mediocre. They either didn't use ceremonial level matcha or their matcha power was not well stored and was oxidized. (I kept my matcha powder in fridge and culinary level stays very well and fresh)Dessert is good (like good Asian dessert), but don't expect like, established-restaurant level. Would eat the dessert again but wouldn't recommend to my friends to go if you only have a few days in NYC
#REVIEW#Cha-An makes amazing Japanese desserts.This is quite possibly the best mochi on the east coast, if not the entire country. The handmade mochi came with three flavors. All are based on the same perfectly soft and chewy wrapper base. The earl chocolate definitely is more weighted towards the chocolate, with the earl grey being very subtle. The matcha is every bit as good as what you'd expect at a teahouse. The sesame was my favorite: rich and nutty.We also tried the spring special parfait. The Sakura ice cream could have used a tad more Sakura, but had a very nice texture. The strawberries are fresh, as is the cream. The highlight here is definitely the dango though, which are slightly harder than the handmade mochi but nice and chewy all the way through. The strawberry syrup at the bottom was disappointingly one-dimensional, but the dango more than makes up for it.Our friend's bento meals looked really good, but we'd already had lunch so that had ti be saved for next time.
#REVIEW#The first time I came here it was in 2015 for dinner during a small trip to NYC. After four years, I came back to NYC and this was a place I had to go back to. Last time I did not try out any of their parfaits, but I made sure to get it this time.This time I came for lunch and started off with a set meal. They bring out a small tofu dish in the beginning, then the main set meal, and finish it off with a small dessert. It was really filling, but I still needed to try out more desserts.The hanami parfait that I picked was a seasonal and limited item. It was really good! They definitely balanced out the sweetness by layering the inside of the cup with lightly sweetened corn flakes between the ice cream, strawberry sauce, and cream. I wish I had room to try the matcha parfait. I think the next time I come here, I'll try to RSVP for their afternoon tea set for the weekend so I can see what the third floor looks like. Definitely a perfect place to bring a date to. The next time I visit NYC, this will be on my lists of places to go to.
#REVIEW#After dinner down the street, my bf and I swung into Cha-An for dessert. And so glad we did, it really hit the spot!We ordered the Mochi Mochi and the Black Sesame Creme Brulee. Listen up, that mochi mochi had such amazing flavors and textures... Mmmm loved every bite! The black sesame was good but it just could not complete imo. The black sesame was smooth and creamy but the creme brulee wasn't quite right. It was a tad difficult to break because it was too thick and it tasted more like a sweet dessert cracker than a  caramelized sugar top. The place itself is super cute and very small. They have a small sign and the place is located upstairs. From there, staff will seat you when your party is both there.They have dinner options as well that look pretty good but with the massive amounts of dessert pics, we figured that's what they're good at. Overall it was a cute place to swing in for a bite.
#REVIEW#I love Cha-An! The desserts are always amazing and the rice bowls are delicious. The Hanami Parfait is really good and the toasts are a classic I try to get every time I come. 5 stars!
#REVIEW#Truth be told I never seemed to have the chance to eat the meals that they offer here, yet I do know and have tried from time and time again their desserts and tea. Now it really is what you get from a Japanese tea house. It is very intimate and probably a great date spot if you think about it. The one thing that you do have to keep in mind is the wait times, the place isn't that big and don't be surprised if its 30+~ (especially on weekend evenings). That being said, I really think it is worth the try and although it is on the pricier side, their desserts are just something out of this world. I love how so much thought has been put and given into each special plate. Also for those of you wondering about the price, it 300% is worth the money. They have a seasonal dessert that changes so it's nice to always check the place out and see what they have to offer~
#REVIEW#Bad value, mediocre tea, and a hint of Japanese food.Tea, this is why you're here? No, David's tea will actually steep your tea for the appropriate time. Or is jade oolong just a bad tea? For $10/tea it better be made right. The set is as far from Japan as American Chinese food is from China. Under pickled veggies, bland pork, dressing to save the mediocre smoked salmon, yam balls of no consequence... The value was too low for me to appreciate the effort.
#REVIEW#I've been here twice and each time has felt magical and decadent. The menu items feel expensive but they are quite a treat and come served with a diverse & delicate sensibility. This space has been the perfect solution for blustery winter blues... being here is like stepping into an autumnal or floral Japanese garden.  One major thing to note is that this place isn't accessible for clients with joint/leg troubles. Be prepared to climb stairs!
#REVIEW#This soft serve tastes very much like matcha, and not like an overly sweetened version of matcha. It had a good, almost slightly grainy mouthfeel, which added to texture. The other accompanying components were individually delicious, and certainly paired well with the flavor theme overall (wafer, mochi, fruits in clear jelly, red bean syrup). The price is not steep but also not cheap ($6); but for the quality, I think it's a good amount to spend
#REVIEW#Very pretty Japanese light food and tea house.  They have my favorite drop (bubble looking gelatin dessert.  Had the shiso drink - like lime with shiso.  Optional - no rum.My eel dish was very tender - good quality over rice sigh red bean and strips of egg served with seaweed salad and pickles.Very nice indeed!
#REVIEW#I visited Cha An for dessert after having a dinner across the street. The atmosphere inside was very quite with cozy ambiance. We ordered two desserts and each one of us got a tea. The both desserts - green tea parfait and mochi mochi were not so satisfying. It was just okay and looked pretty. (Maybe bcuz I am not a big fan of mochi) I had a Wood Dragon which is one kind of Oolong tea. It was great. It had a woody with a bit of fruity taste. While my two friends told me their green tea and matcha were not so special.
#REVIEW#Vibes: authentic Japanese teahouse with bar and table seating, good for afternoon snack as well as dinner or dessert date Tasting notes:Tofu ganmo donburi: love the light miso sauce with the multi-grain rice; tofu is sweet, dense, with firm edamame interspersed; would've liked a better tofu-to-rice ratio; served with pickles and mixed seaweed saladChakura set (my date's order, so from what I got to sample): cold, firm high-quality tofu with sweet-salty soy sauce and seaweed salad as a starter; love that the miso soup has fried tofu; finisher was a chilled matcha pudding with a spoonful of sweet red bean Other notes:-I waited for a half hour for a party of two for Saturday dinner-While most people probably come here for the dessert, the food items are not to be missed!
#REVIEW#This is a cute spot for tea and dessert! First thing first, this place seems busy so expect a wait when you come in on a weekend night. The interior design was super cute and it definitely was trying to bring some Japanese retro vibe to the tiny spot. The tea menu was huge, with lots of options for different tea: all that you can think of, green, black, oolong, white, etc. The dessert menu was alright, not as much variety but it had good option. We ordered the dong ding tea and the Tamaryokuchan. The tea was super satisfying! The dong ding tea came with a really impressive tea set and 'tea show' where the server used the first round of tea and poured it on the tea pot so that the pot absorbed that water. It tasted earthy and charming. The Tamaryokuchan didnt have that cool performance but it tasted light and has an leafy scent with it. We also ordered the souffle and the matcha chiffon. The souffle was really good; the chocolate was soft inside. For some reason I thought there was something missing but it may just be me; my friend said it was the best souffle he ever had. My matcha chiffon was pretty good as well. It was light and fluffy, not too sweet but perfect to pair with the tea. In general, it was a good experience and a great spot for a dessert break and a nice night break from the busy NYC night.
#REVIEW#Cute quaint cafe. The interior has that japanese bar vibe.Went there after lunch time with a friend. Got seated as soon as we came in.I ordered the matcha parfait. It was around $14. For the presentation, it was very much instagram-able. For the taste, it was pretty basic. For the quantity, pretty much midrange.Next time, I still want to try the other desserts. But they're pretty costly. It is a sit-down cafe, so there's only a limited about to take home. You're paying more for the experience. Would say that this would be a cute place for a date, but not as an everyday thing.
#REVIEW#If you're looking for an intimate, authentic Japanese Tea house experience, Cha-An is the place for you! I loved everything about the space, from the dimly lit interior to the cozy dark wooden booths and the fancy bidet in the restroom! We really wanted to snag a picture underneath the faux awning at one of the booths, but the place was so packed that the spot was never left empty! I would recommend going earlier in the afternoon rather than later. Cha-An is quite popular and lines often stretch out the door. Fortunately, the wait for our party of 6 was more than reasonable. They pushed a few tables together for us and were able to seat us in less than 10 minutes. All the desserts looked and sounded amazing, but ultimately, we narrowed it down to three: Matcha TiraMasu (5/5): I loved their green tea twist on a tiramisu. The matcha powder was definitely fragrant and sat atop generous layers of mascarpone, cake and sweetened read bean paste! The bottom-most layer of delicate sponge cake was thoroughly soaked in an almost alcoholic, but not indulgently sweet, syrup as well. Mochi Mochi (5/5): Hands down, this was my favorite dessert of the afternoon. There were two kinds of mochi featured here (warabimochi and shiratamamochi) all of which were artfully arranged the centerpiece--a scoop of hojicha ice cream. This ice cream is to die for. If you like nutty, you'll like hojicha. The scoop was simultaneously creamy and oh so roasty. It may have been below 30 outside, but I would make the trek on any winters' day for their hojicha ice cream! Tsukimi Parfait (4/5): While the Tsukimi parfait looked flashy and perfectly captured the flavors of fall, ultimately, it was too difficult to eat! I wanted a bite of all the components in my spoon, but had to dig deep into the glass to grab any of the herbal jelly at the bottom. Both the sweet potato cookie and the rice puffs atop the maple ice cream were nice autumn-esque touches, though. We also sampled a handful of their teas. I really liked my white peony, which was flowery but clean. The best part is that each of us were graced with a personal kettle for our teas. In all, it was a great place to gather my girlfriends for an afternoon. Considering their high(er) prices, it isn't a place I would go every day, but I would definitely recommend Cha-An for your next tea time treat!
#REVIEW#There is a reason that Cha-An has 4 stars on Yelp with over 1,400 reviews. To be honest, I think Cha-An deserves at least a 4.5 or 5 star rating on here!I came here after a friend HIGHLY recommended that I try this place out. She even got super hyped just talking about it. I was told that there would be a 30 minute wait, however I was able to go out to nearby shops during the wait since they took my phone number. They texted me when a table was about to be ready, asked me to respond if I would be returning (or giving up the reservation) and gave me 10 minutes to return to the restaurant.They prepare the food very carefully: my matcha parfait was too beautiful to eat (but I ate it anyways)! The matcha ice cream seemed to have some vanilla ice cream mixed into it: it was super delicious.The servers were also super polite and friendly. I didn't have any issues of getting ahold of a server when I wanted a water refill or when I wanted to ask for the check.The vibe of Cha-An is also really nice. The lights are dimmed and they restaurant has the nice aroma of various Japanese incense. The decoration is akso lovely and reminded me of my time in Japan. Even though the restaurant was busy and full of people, I felt at peace.This may sound strange, but even their bathroom is super nice. Even their bathroom fits with the whole ambience of the restaurant: that is truly amazing,  haha.Cha-An has everything one could hope for in the food industry. Amazingly delicious (and even beautiful) food, wonderful service, and amazing decor and ambience. Definitely try this place out if you like Japanese traditional sweets!
