#NAME#Boqueria Spanish Tapas - Upper East Side
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/boqueria-spanish-tapas-upper-east-side-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tapasmallplates,spanish,tapas#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#We went to the restaurant with a group of 7 for my birthday dinner. When you have more than 6 people, you can only do pre-fixed dinner. There are two different levels: $49 and $60. The staff is going to pick the dishes for you. It is actually more convenient for a group and the staff did have a good pick. She balances well between meet and vegetables. I like the clams, the octopus, the short ribs, and the seafood paella. There are a lot of food and they are delicious! The staff are also very sweet and they wrote a birthday card for me. Thank you! The restaurant is also great for group dinner and celebrations!
#REVIEW#The tapas and service is excellent. The only reason is not five stars is the tables and chairs We loved the croquetas and the octopus. They have a great wine selection as well as beers
#REVIEW#Omg amazing tapas! Casual place.Jeans tank top heels will be best option.Love the drink menu all of it is amazing I would definitely recommend this place:)
#REVIEW#I went for the 1st time and thought it was amazing! It was poppin on a Wed night! Felt like a Fri. Nice decor. Cozy booths. A little tight inside. Very busy but good service!The mojito was refreshing. All tapas were delicious! My favorites were the octopus and ribs! The potatoes were overcooked and hard. They sent another one out. Everything was seasoned well.I would've stayed longer, but it was a work night. Great experience!
#REVIEW#Wow. See, I thought I've tasted everything I could taste. Heck, I've been alive 26 years! Then I came to La Boqueria. And the thing is? Every tapas I got was like... POW! My brain literally had to do some rerouting to make room for these tastes. If you want to have an awesome experience in the Upper East Side, this is your spot. Abdul was our server and he was very sweet and friendly. Definitely get the brunch special with unlimited alcohol. As you can probably tell from this post, it's bangforyourbuck.
#REVIEW#Boqueria is definitely a solid spot for bottomless brunch! Here's how I works:For $42 you get 2 hours of bottomless drinks (they have white sangria, red sangria, rose sangria and mimosas) and a selections of food (for the table, you choose 4 tapas, either 2 brunch dishes or the brunch paella and a dessert). For 4 people it was a TON of food and we were all stuffed halfway through our meal, so definitely come hungry! The food comes out in courses and the server comes by to refill your drink glass pretty frequently. Drinks: We tried all 3 sangrias and they were all pretty good but not great. Can't complain though, it was bottomless! Food:Patas Bravas - pretty good! Suuuuuper crispy ang generous portionsEscalivada - eggplant dip with pita, pretty standard but nothing too specialPan Con Tomato Con Jamon - bread cheese and meat, you can't really go wrong!Croquetas De Setas - GET THIS!! The best thing we ordered by far. Creamy, Truffly balls of goodness. You won't regret itRevuelto de Gambas- scrambled eggs with shrimp, pretty generous amount of shrimp! The bread it comes with is tasty tooHuevos con Chorizo- I was absolutely stuffed by the time this came but it was still tasty! Huge portions tooChurros con Chocolate-we ordered this with dulce de Leche instead. Sooo yummyOverall, the bottomless brunch at Boqueria is a great deal but definitely come hungry (and thirsty) because it is A LOT of food. When they say it's a brunch feast, they aren't kidding!
#REVIEW#Delicious Spanish restaurant Some of the dishes reminded of my time in Spain Great friendly staff   Pretty decor Very savory dishes The dishes are great to share as tapas Clean and spacious My favorite dishes of the day were the mixed croquetas and the Shishito peppers I do definitely recommend having the bacalao croquetas as well to make the mixed dish even more excellent. The red wine sangria was fresh and tasty not too strong and not watery. The dessert options were tasty as well. We had the dulce de leche churros and they were a WIN for sure. Everyone at our table raved about them. For 5 people the bill came to $140 which is affordable for Manhattan. I will definitely recommend and will be returning with my husband who is from Spain.
#REVIEW#I've been looking forward to Brunch at Boqueria for about a month now. I scheduled a reservation for 5 people for my Galentines brunch. I know how busy brunch can be so Boqueria having a reservation system made me less nervous because the worst part of brunch is the hour long wait.I found out last minute that 1 other person was joining so, I had a friend come over 30 minutes early to tell them it would be 6 people instead of 5. The hostess rudely said "Oh, we were going to put you in a table meant for 4 so, you would already be cramped." Why would Boqueria choose to seat us at a table meant for 4? I saw the table meant for 4 and it really couldn't fit another person with all the food and drinks we would be ordering. There would have been food on top of each other. When we told her it was 6 people and this table wouldn't work she then moved us to a table meant for TWO PEOPLE. We are 6 people? How does that even make sense? Her judgment honestly baffles me. The hostess then said "Oh, the table next to you will move and you can sit there." The table she moved us to was even smaller than the original and it clearly was only meant for cocktails and apps. The table next to us was also clearly not leaving anytime soon because they still had full drinks and were still eating their food. We sat in the table meant for 2 people for about 30 minutes when the hostess came up to us and told us "look we don't have a table for you and you can leave...." Seriously? I made reservations so this whole thing wouldn't have happened! I can't believe the way my friends and I were treated and no one was there to rectify the situation. So, we all basically were at the restaurant for an hour upset. Also, while we were waiting we were never offered water, drinks, or even a menu. I honestly can't believe the service. There are so many brunch options you can choose from that will treat you with respect.
#REVIEW#My friend recommended this spot for brunch, which apparently is really good. I came for dinner instead, since that worked out better for my schedule, and had a great time!Reservations are easy to make via OpenTable. I checked even a couple days beforehand and there was still wide open availability. Just make sure you're making it at the right location, since there are a couple of Boquerias scattered throughout the city.My two friends and I came on a Saturday night at 7 pm. I had accidentally made the reservation for the next day, but we stood around awkwardly near the bar for 20-30 minutes until a table in the bar/lounge area opened up.They offer 4 types of sangria here, which you can order either by glass or pitcher. We got two pitchers of the blood orange sangria ($44 each) and it was delicious! Each pitcher was enough for ~6 glasses, so it was easy to split between the 3 of us.My friend's top rec for the food here was the ham and mushroom croquettes ($12). Both were creamy and delicious, but I especially liked the mushroom croquette as I think it's served with a truffle sauce. The ham coquette was served on top of a sweet sauce, which didn't mix well with the savory of the croquette in my mouth. Go light on the sauce for the ham croquette.None of us were super hungry so we ordered just a couple tapas dishes, but my other favorites were:Pan con tomate ($6) - comes with 4 pieces. The bread was super crispy and the tomato spread was quite garlicky and delicious. Highly recommend!Albondigas i.e. lamb meatballs ($16) - very tender and was served with plenty of tomato sauce to drizzle all over the meatballsThe servers were really nice and didn't pressure us at all. We were sitting around and drinking and chatting until the restaurant closed at 11:30 and had a great time!If we had been hungrier, I would've loved to try the paella here, but alas, we quickly ran out of stomach space. I'll have to try that next time if I'm ever in NYC again!
#REVIEW#If you are looking for a great NYC brunch deal, I recommend Boqueria (This is my second time enjoying their awesome brunch deal). I went with a group of 5 girlfriends; you pay about $40 per person before tip & tax. This includes unlimited mimosas and sangria for 2 hours (There are three types of sangria containing different alcohol bases). The red is gin-based, White is rum-based, and rose is tequila-based. My favorite was definitely the red, and it was really strong - Sunday funday anyone!?!?In terms of food, brunch is made to order to the number of people who participate. You get to pick 4 tapas, either 2 brunch dishes or 1 paella, and either churros with chocolate or the churros sundae. I recommend the croquettes, dates, warm bread with tomato spread, meats & cheeses, French toast, and churros with chocolate. You get sooo much food. We left with our bellies full and satisfied for sure! Such a great atmosphere, food, and deal!
#REVIEW#Boqueria has long been our fave tapas place but we never been to this location. This is our fave now followed by flat iron, soho and times square locations. This location is busy but quieter than the soho/flat iron ones.  We will never go back to Times Square one.  All the usual dishes were top notch but thought the imported prawns were good but not worth the $28 price.
#REVIEW#I've been here several times and it never disappoints. Recently went for dinner with a friend and got the medium paella and asparagus. It was the perfect amount of food, maybe even too much. Paella came out with crispy rice and plentiful seafood. Wish the scallops were bigger, you could barely tell what they were. The asparagus was delicious! Their cocktails are great, though we went with a bottle of wine instead. This is a safe spot when you don't know where to go! You could never get sick of this menu.
#REVIEW#This is some of the best Spanish food I've had in my life if not the best. Everything was prepared to perfection. Definitely need to go back!
#REVIEW#Came here for Valentine's day (not on Valentine's day, but a few days after). Been meaning to come here for happy hour on the patio, as that's what the reviews on Yelp recommend, but just haven't been able to make the timing happen. Anyways, we ordered 2 sangrias: blanca (peach) for me, and the regular tinta (classic) for him. We each really enjoyed our sangrias, and being that we are now older and have low alcohol tolerance compared to back in the days, got quite a bit of buzz from these drinks. I loved the fresh fruit inside. For food, we ordered: jamon serrano ham, patata bravas, some egg omelete thing that was a special, stuffed dates and croquettes. The serrano ham was fine, don't remember too much of that. The egg omelete was also fine, and nothing too memorable. The patata bravas, sadly, were just too much potatoes, and kinda starchy, kinda bland - we had better, so this was probably one of my less favorite items on the menu. Now, the stuffed dates... those were divine. I tried to ask them to substitute the blue cheese given that neither of us like blue cheese, but the waitress said no substitutions. Anyways, the blue cheese was not very strong, very mild, so it didn't bother us at all. I loved loved loved the mix of the sweet dates with the saltiness of the bacon - would definitely order this again. The croquettes came in two flavors - can't remember which flavors, but both were also divine. I would definitely order this again. The stuffing was so flavorful. I wish that I had written this review sooner, so I could be more descriptive, but sadly, life has gotten in the way, so these are all the details I could remember. Ended with dessert -  stuffed churros with dulce de leche, which were nice and sweet, very warm with gooey caramel center. We used the Amex deal, where we got I believe $20 off $100, so the price wasn't terrible. Left feeling a lot more stuffed than we anticipated, as we are big eaters, and didn't think that a few small tapas would be filling, but they were!
#REVIEW#My friends took me to this restaurant for my late birthday lunch. The restaurant looks very nice and modern. We got the round table in the corner and one of my friend has a problem getting into the seat because of too small space, lol. Food is very delicious and fantastic. We share all food together and they came in the right time.- Appetizer: We had Calamares, Gambas al Ajillo, Boquerones.- main: we had Paella de Mariscos (Takes 45 minutes to prepare) medium size.We had such a great lunch and full stomach.
#REVIEW#Definitely disappointed with our brunch experience at this Americanized Spanish tapas chain.  The service was slow, disjointed, and inattentive and the food was inconsistent.The table ordered the two rounds of Bloody Mary's, the Pimientos de Padron, two Huevos Benedictinos (with Salmon), and one Huevos con Chorizo.  Initially, the meal went off without a hitch.  Drink in hand, noshing on some solid shishito peppers!  However, it took 45 minutes for our brunch entrees to arrive despite the restaurant being at less than half capacity.  In addition, it took 10+ minutes for the second round of drinks to arrive after our meal had finally been plated due to our waiters forgetfulness and an incredibly slow bartender.The eggs were well prepared, but the mixed green salads served with our Huevos Benedictinos came with way too much salt!  In fact, salt is all you could taste.It's a double disappointment given that this restaurant charges premium prices for less than premium execution.  #NotARepeatCustomer
#REVIEW#Sucha fun spanish boozy brunch experience! Perfect for a foodie who likes to go beyond the basic eggs benedict and waffles ;) I had made reservations for one Saturday afternoon. Even though the place was busy, we didn't have to wait too long for our table. Fun atmosphere and never stopping choices of sangria and mimosas (they let you switch around). The brunch tapa portions were very filling and delish! The brunch paella comes after the 4 tapa dishes. By that time we were so full..had a ton of leftover paella to bring home.
#REVIEW#I studied abroad in Spain and one of the things that I miss is quality tapas. This place is super good and there were so many choices that it was hard to make a decision with my friend on what we should order. We split a bunch of different items on the menu. We sat at the bar and were able to see people preparing the food which was cool! I would most certainly come back to this restaurant
#REVIEW#Friends invited me here for my "birthday week" celebration! First time dining here and boy was it a treat. This place hits all the right notes from the wonderful greeting by the host to our knowledgeable server who guided us through the food offerings to the support staff that kept our table clean and water a flowing! The sangrias were made to perfection and all the food suggestions were right on point. Highlight for me was the dessert and genuine birthday wishes from the staff. Everyone at this place ensured we had an amazing time!! Will definitely return ... a tip , bring your appetite , the  food portions are huge !!
#REVIEW#Came here again craving some seafood paella--was not impressed! First off, the hostess was horrible. He had an attitude and was jittery, it was bizarre. But since we have dined here before, we decided to give it a chance. The paella turned out to be awful, as it was super dry and barely had any seafood on it (maybe five pieces of shrimp and clams). We also ordered the salad and lamb skewers--the former was bland and the latter was chewy and undercooked. I only give it a 2 star due to the excellent servers. Nonetheless, I will definitely not be returning here.
