#NAME#Tony's Di Napoli
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/tonys-di-napoli-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Tony's is good Italian food at an affordable price.This is my favorite location as it's superior to the others. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and the staff are very attentive and eager to please.I recommend this place for a pre or post theater meal. They close late and you can't beat the value!
#REVIEW#If you want old school New York family style Italian food you gotta check out Tony's Di Napoli. Yes, I also cosign on Carmines but this review is about Tony.The Times Square location brings along the hussle and bustle that is quentisential New York. So if you're not up for that then do  delivery...lol.I enjoy Italian food and large portions that can be shared is a plus. We shared the Penne al la Vodka my least fave of the dishes, the Chicken Alfredo (my fave) and Calamari for 4 - 6 people and still had a generous amount of left overs. The vegans in our family also found a way to indulge and the two of then had the Pene Primavera.In all, this is a no frills restaurant that delivered on the the flavor, service, (our server was friendly big guy from the BX whose name escapes me, was the truth! We loved him) and large portions.Note to establishment: Please update your restrooms and clean them more often. They need a lot of work. Their current state is a definite drawback.
#REVIEW#Great family style Italian food.  Probably more authentic than Carmine's of Times Square at this point.  Can be a bit on the noisy side though.
#REVIEW#Highly recommend this long time Times Square establishment especially for small groups and families. Outstanding Italian food with great service in a very good location just on the rim of Times Square. Tip: be sure to make reservations weeks or months in advance to secure your preferred date/time. This place is very popular, and it's smack dab in tourist central. Really loved the table-prepared Caesar salad, and the fish special of the day and baked ziti. Chicken marsala was just ok--chicken pieces were breasts cut-in-half and seemed a tad overcooked. The marsala sauce and mushrooms were flavorful and well done however. Great place to eat at when in Times Square.
#REVIEW#Bustling Italian restaurant in the theatre district.  Setting is dimly lit with overflowing food, wine, and laughter. Portions are huge and are meant to be shared. Excellent frozen Bellini! Their brownie sundae is worth it even if you're full from the main course :)
#REVIEW#I did my homework and needed to find something close-ish to Penn Station. It was approximately a 8 minute drive. The food was delicious but our server Brad was amazing. He was SO personable and made wonderful suggestions. We ordered a full plate of baked clams. They tasted so good and he told us to dip the bread in the leftover sauce. He was spot on with that suggestions. I ordered a half portion of salmon (one full filet) my husband got baked ziti (a huge portion) and my mother in law ordered the special of the day - lobster ravioli with mussels and maybe shrimp I think? We all cleaned our plates and pushed aside the fullness and each ordered a dessert with coffee. Coffee was delicious (wasn't expecting it to be so good but it really was). I ordered the mousse cake which was just what I wanted, my mother in law got ricotta cheesecake (a tiny bit too lemony for her) and my husband went with Brad's recommendation of Tartuffo Exotica. Wowwww I see why he recommended it. We weren't sure about the white chocolate but it was incredible. Mango, passion fruit, and raspberry sorbets encased in a white chocolate shell. Can't thank Brad enough for taking care of us during the lunch rush. He took photos of our mini reunion and was on point with refills. Couldn't have asked for better service!
#REVIEW#Reservation was taken on time. Service was exceptional! Food was fresh and absolutely delicious. The staff made our dining experience a true delight. Upon being seated, warm bread was brought to our table. We ordered the chicken parm and pasta bolognese. The wait staff was so attentive and on point. Our drinks were refilled without even asking. We finished it off with fantastic desserts. It was really hard to decide, but we got an ice cream brownie sundae and fresh berries with cannoli cream. This restaurant is about a 3 minute walk from the Lyric Theater and was perfect for our short break between Part 1 & Part 2 of Harry Potter.
#REVIEW#Loved our dinner here.  We were 5 women all happy to be seeing Beautiful across the street from this restaurant.  Food was delicious and service was superb!
#REVIEW#We weren't planning on stopping to eat here but I'm so thankful that we did. We got seated immediately and our server, Agron, was quick to get us drinks and take out order. He was funny and gave us recommendations on what to get and we ended up going with the Fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp and the Tri-Colored Tortellini Alfredo with chicken. I LOVE Fettuccine Alfredo and usually always get that when it's on the menu, so I would like to think that my tastebuds are experts on this type of pasta, and when I say this was one of the best plates of Fettuccine Alfredo I mean it. The pasta was cooked perfectly, the shrimp was in good portion, and the sauce was amazing. The Tortellini was amazing as well but the Fettuccine Alfredo blew it out of the water for me. We also ordered Prickly Pear mojitos and enjoyed them thoroughly. Taking the food, service, and atmosphere into account, this is probably one of the best meals I've had in a while. I need to do my research and see if they have restaurants in Los Angeles (I'm currently visiting NY) because I'm going to be so heartbroken if I can't become a regular here. Would definitely recommend to a friend.
#REVIEW#I read a lot of reviews, because I don't like being disappointed. My husbands mom made the best Italian food, so I am a tough critic. The service was extremely good. The server helped us make choices as everything is served family style. We had 2 of the appetizers that were specials. Both were incredible and full of flavor. We also ordered the Penne Primavera and the Chicken Parmesan. Wow, both were amazing. The Chicken Parm was perfectly flavored and probably the best I've ever had. The Penne was great.
#REVIEW#I came here to eat with my husband and his aunt, and it was pretty good.  The place is pretty big, so we didn't feel crowded, even though they were pretty busy, and our waiter did a great job checking in on us a bunch, even though he had a bunch of tables to take care of.We ordered the Mozzarella and Carrozza as an appetizer.  It was good. It definitely had a bunch of cheese and a good crisp.  This restaurant is family style, so we ordered two dishes to split between the three of us, and it was more than enough food (we took home leftovers that made for another 3 meals).  We ordered Shrimp Parmesan and Penne with Mozzarella and Eggplant.  Both were also good.  Their sauce in both dishes had nice flavor, there was a good cheese ratio, and the shrimp were cooked nicely.Overall, I'd say the food was good.  It's nothing phenomenal.  It didn't blow my socks off, but I did enjoy it.
#REVIEW#Buon Cibo! Good food! My mom and I were going to Radio City for a show and wanted to grab a meal before. She decided on Italian and so this was the perfect place. Had been here once before years ago and recalled the food was good but forgot it was family style eating. My were we shocked at the portions. We initially thought about ordering a couple things for the table but the waitress advised otherwise because we only had about an hour for dinner and didn't want to take doggy bags to the show. We settled on meatballs and spaghetti. So good. Both of us had Sangria. Me- red, her -white. The best I've ever had in and outside the country and I've been to a couple of Latin American countries. Overall great experience. Would go back with larger group and more time allowed to really enjoy the space and food.
#REVIEW#Had a great meal before a show. The "family style " menu means portions are large and meant to be shared. The waiter was very personable and helpful. The food was delicious and prompt.
#REVIEW#I planned a lunch with my coworkers and Tony's came out with unlimited family style for the pre fix menu I selected. All my coworkers agreed that they're coming back with their families. It was a successful lunch. Very delicious, great service, and good price for a large party. I definitely recommend this place to anyone but make a reservation before hand. It's very close to the broadway shows.
#REVIEW#Fantastic service!! We were a large group celebrating a couple of retirements. We made reservations a week ahead of time, although I think since it was a Wednesday night, they still would have been able to accommodate us without much wait. The food was good. Pasta was perfectly cooked. The stuffed shrimps were perfectly cooked.  The chicken parmigiana was cheese and hot. Overall this place is a great choice for a large group. Be aware that it may not be a spot for a quiet romantic dinner for 2 since the noise level is pretty jovial.
#REVIEW#Friendly serviceBig portions family styleAuthentic southern Italian fare.Definitely worth a stop if you're looking for good Italian in NYC.
#REVIEW#Tony's is the staple for lunch on my trading floor, so when reservations were impossible to get for a Christmas dinner with my family, a work friend who's in the in helped to source a coveted Saturday night table. In true holiday form of helping others! Great atmosphere in Times Square, with an old-school Italian charm and a main dining room bustling with energy. The space was nicely decorated for the holidays, with large groups gathered merrily around huge plates of food!For our party of 5, we ordered a few dishes that were Italian in portion (read: huge) and perfect for sharing. Black Linguini Seafood was the showstopper dish, packed with a bounty of the sea, including endless calamari, mussels, jumbo shrimp and clams, in a perfect garlicky tomato sauce. Flavors were bright and layered, and the squid ink linguini nicely coated in all the sauce. Rigatoni a la Vodka Sauce is another superb pasta dish, topped with plenty of mushrooms. It was perfectly al dente, in a rich creamy tomato sauce with great flavors. Chicken Francese is my favorite, but to switch it up, we got the Shrimp Francese in their delicious lemon butter sauce. Shrimp was so plump and succulent. I love a good lemon butter sauce, and Tony's is lip smackin' good. Chicken Parmesan is a family favorite, and it never disappoints here! Thinly breaded tender chicken nestled under layers of gooey mozz and marinara. Overall great vibes for a great holiday dinner! We'll be back soon, with reservations made well in advance this time!
#REVIEW#I was a little skeptical of this place because it's in the heart of midtown and I assume a lot of those places to be quite touristy. This really surprised me and was incredible. We came in with a group of 15 (made a reservation in advance) and it did take a moment to get seated because another group was wrapping up. The host was really kind about it though and kept us informed. The food was incredible. Get the chicken Parm, get the penne alla vodka.
#REVIEW#After watching a show at the Radio City Hall, my boyfriend and his family wanted some good Italian food. We were recommended by a local to try this restaurant out. We dined in on the day of the Rockefeller tree lighting ceremony day. All the restaurants were really busy. We were able to be seated within 30 minutes. I sat at the bar and sipped on a couple frozen peach bellinis, really good! At dinner we ordered a seafood dish for an appetizer, a couple pastas (not photographed), a seafood entree and we HAD to try the mile high tiramisu since I love tiramisu! The lady fingers on the tiramisu was really delicious. Our server was really nice but she had a lot of tables to serve which was hard for us to get her attention when we needed something. Aside from that, everything was great. Must check it out. Prices are reasonable since it is family style.
#REVIEW#Truly amazing. Our server was awesome, the food was piping hot and delicious. My favorite was the fettuccine Alfredo with green peas. I could not get enough of it. I did take notice how hard the other staff worked. They all seemed to know where they were supposed to be and know what they were supposed to be doing. I honestly can not think of a flaw. Maybe right seating? But, that I feel is a New York thing. We will definitely be going back. They also do a military discount
