#NAME#La Contenta
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/la-contenta-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mexican,bars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place was an unexpected gem in the LES. Around the corner from The Delancey, this tiny Mexican fonda prepares authentic Mexican food and other twists at pretty decent prices. I had a Hanger steak that was amazing; juicy and flavorful. It came with the most amazing cheese-loaded baked potato and baby spinach with a light and tangy dressing. I couldn't resist ordering the queso fundido. It was a dream. It comes with a lining of savory huitlacoche,  making it a type of QF that you just can't find anywhere else. Oh, and their red salsa that comes with totopos is amazing. I hope you check out this place and I hope Oscar helps you. He is amazing, knowledgeable about the restaurant's plates and a lot of fun.
#REVIEW#I had wanted to eat here for a while so when I finally got to go I was really exited. It's super small and narrow but that's not a negative. I love the intimacy. But it is not family/kid friendly nor good for groups. The drinks were good and strong (which is also good). The chicken was moist and the Brussel sprouts were awesome. They were a great side for $5. Priced accordingly with the area. Long waits if you don't have a reservation and it's super hard to snag a seat at the bar. If you come on an off time or maybe just for drinks it might be less crowded.
#REVIEW#Small cramped place (or cozy if you look at the bright side) right by the Williamsburg bridge and off the Essex St stop on the M line. We came on a Friday night around 10Pm and were seated right away. The wait staff was very friendly and very prompt - they get an A for that. We ordered fish tacos and pollo Poblano which we shared between ourselves. Before the dishes came out, they brought out a plate of chips and salsa (not the chunky kind) and tap water (they ask you if you are ok with tap). The batter on the fish tacos was pretty good and the chipotle aioli salsa on it was a great compliment to the taco. Overall good tacos, but probably not $14 kind of good.As for the pollo, the chicken was tender and the mole was bomb. The fish comes with a base of plantains and rice that reminds me of maduros and grains. No regrets about the food, some reservations about the price and disappointed by the space.
#REVIEW#If you have the time and patience to wait for happy hour or lunch, do it!! Their happy hour menu (ends at 7pm) has $10 drinks, tacos, and plates to share like quesadillas, nachos and queso. La Contenta has solid drinks that are well mixed - not too sweet like many other places offering mojitos and margaritas. I had the Mayan and the paloma and enjoyed both. But the happy hour food is even better. Get a big bowl of guacamole (they even stick in the chips for you) and it was more than enough to share for the four of us. The fried fish tacos were SO juicy and I was pretty full from the two big pieces. I wish it was a bit bigger - there's a row of 5-6 tables on the right and bar seats. Not a big space and the bathroom is petite too. Waiters are attentive and quick and didn't rush us to finish our drinks. Definitely coming back again next time we're in the LES!
#REVIEW#Bros pay attention, major key alert:  This one single city block will create the most painless, thoughtful, date options for you.  1. Thierry Goldberg Gallery (directly across the street) 2.  La Contenta (top Mexican with intimate chill vibes) 3.  The Back Room (sketchy but solid speakeasy next door).  The food here was really good with hearty helpings and the mezcal was delish according to my date.  Normal Mexican beer options which will put out any fires that might ignite on your palate.   I'll definitely be back.  Pro tip: they don't take reservations and make sure your at the right location in LES (they have another location in west village that does take reservations)
#REVIEW#Let me just start off by saying that La Contenta is a gem, but a very tiny gem. Even as a petite woman, I felt pretty uncomfortable throughout our meal, due to the fact that the tables are very tightly squeezed together and you are almost rubbing elbows with your neighbors. Avoid if you have claustrophobic tendencies or tend to gesture animatedly when you talk. The bathroom is also one of the most minuscule I have ever seen. I would recommend using the bathroom elsewhere if you can.Other than that, I had a good time at La Contenta. The menu items all sound delicious and I settled for the fish tacos. These are catfish tacos with avocado, cole slaw, and chipotle aioli. They came with some recooked beans and rice with veggies. It looked like quite the spread and I started off tackling the beans and rice. After a few minutes of eating, I went to pick up a taco and noticed a long, straggly, black hair wedged deep into the middle of my taco. I was horrified. It couldn't have been mine because it was so deeply embedded into the taco. I told the waitress and she apologized and offered to bring me a new dish. I chose to have another plate of fish tacos , which was hair free. The tacos were delicious and I was pleasantly surprised when I was offered a complimentary flan as an apology. That definitely soothed my disgust. I'm glad they were just as horrified as I was The food at La Contenta is delicious and worth a visit if you don't mind tight spacing!
#REVIEW#La Contenta is a casual, tiny Mexican spot on the Lower East Side popular for both dinner and brunch. Most offerings are familiar and well-executed-- think trusty margaritas, guac, and enchiladas-- but this is more authentic than your average New York Tex-Mex joint, with huitlacoche and Oaxacan cheese topping dishes alongside the usual shredded jack.I came with my boyfriend a couple months ago for Saturday brunch, and we were one of their first parties of the day around 11:30. Service was prompt and polite. Decor is simple, with the bold wall illustrations and a large bar dominating. No boozy brunch for us, despite the intriguing tequila-based cocktail list, though he had some hot and strong coffee.I went for camarones al ajillo ($15), plump shrimp doused with a slightly spicy and garlicky sauce. That sauce was definitely the highlight, rich with butter. The accompaniments were simple; a couple of tortillas, a little over-peppered salad, and Spanish rice.My boyfriend went for the huevos rancheros ($15), an impressive mountain of beans, tortilla chips, and salsa topped with two sunny side up eggs. Good stuff.This is some of the better Mexican I've had in New York, though I don't think it would stand out much in Houston (or anywhere else with a strong Mexican scene). If you're looking for a cute and reasonably priced spot to meet up with a friend or three, this will fit the bill.
#REVIEW#La Contenta is an anomaly to me. It reminds me of a Chiles, if Chiles Restaurant was good. It reminds of a hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant, if that restaurant were well decorated. Essentially, it is Mexican-American food upgraded. We put our name in at La Contenta around 630 and we were seated around 7:45. This restaurant probably only seats about 25 people maximum, so you feel like an elite person when you finally get a table. When eating here you can tell this is a small restaurant. There is a not a huge staff, but the staff is extremely attentive to its customers. We started with drinks, all of which were absolutely delicious. I got The Mayan, which has homemade corn puree in it. Don't let this intimidate you, if you like tequila and you like sweet and spicy, you'll like this drink. The food: we started with Guacamole which was wonderful. Another characteristic that makes La Contenta unlike most Mexican restaurants in NY is that they actually serve you a very generous portion of guacamole. On top of that, they also will give you chip refills. Either I'm eating at the wrong restaurants in NYC, or this is incredibly uncommon. For our mains we got Fish Tacos as well as the Chicken and the Shrimp enchiladas. My advice is to skip out on the chicken enchiladas, they are tasty but you could find comparable enchiladas elsewhere, much more creativity is involved in the shrimp. Overall, I would revisit and I would recommend to friends. I would not, however, return with a group any larger that 4.
#REVIEW#PLEASE READ - Management:This place is amazing - best mexican in the LES.One thing that sucks about this place is the wait. They really need to realize that the diner experience starts when someone looks at the Yelp page/(if not, then standing in line)Please invest in Yelp waitlist - it'll truly give your diners a real time view into the wait and help your staff. Food itself is amazing like i said - a trendy go to.
#REVIEW#Cute but tiny Mexican restaurant on the LES notable for its super affordable happy hour with both drinks and food on the menu. It's a little pricey not on happy hour - I didn't look at a food menu, but the cocktails are $15-$16 and the micheladas (which I had) are $9 during regular hours. Now...the happy hour is at wacky times. I thought it went from 4-7, so I rushed out of work a little early to make it there by 6:15 on a Thursday only to find out that the happy hour ends at 6 Thursday through Saturday. My fault, so not not penalizing La Contenta for not checking their hours closely enough, but probably wouldn't have gone if I had known because again, it's pricey during normal times. Had an al pastor michelada ($9) which was good but a little heavy. Part of why I like micheladas is because they're very refreshing and this was, I don't know, too sweet and syrupy for my taste? One was great, but I wasn't too keen on having another. They have a few on the menu though, so maybe I picked wrong. They also give you the full beer, which is awesome. Definitely planning on coming back during happy hour but would probably pass otherwise.
#REVIEW#Would give a 3.5 if I could.I called ahead to make a reservation for this place after seeing it on a Thrillist article for restaurants that are dog friendly. It was my dogs birthday on Saturday so we decided we'd bring him to brunch with us, and get him some food too. On this yelp page they have a photo of two dogs and say that they have food for their canine amigos too! I thought it was so cute and that my dog would have a good time. The hostess told us that she would need to put us on the patio because of the dog which is completely fine and it was a nice day so we were excited. When we arrived, the "patio" was the front entry way to the restaurant and was still closed in from the winter. It was boiling hot and the two tables that fit out there were so close together you could barely move. I felt bad for the people next to us because my dog was all up in their space and I couldn't tell if they were ok with it, or just tolerating the situation. There was barely any room for me to move my chair and there was also a movie shooting on a block nearby so all we could hear was the sound of running generators. So loud. Definitely not the restaurants fault though. My boyfriend and I ordered drinks that were REALLY good. I got the Pisco Punch and he got the Mojito (I liked his better. It was more refreshing, but both were excellent.)We then shared the chilaquiles after seeing a photo of it on the yelp page. The waitress warned us that they were a bit spicy (I'm not good at tolerating spice so we asked if they could make them mild and she said yes but that they'd still be moderately hot which I said ok to.) I liked that the waitress warned us about the heat and did her best to accommodate! The chips were okay, boyfriend loved them- they were too spicy for me and I didn't like that they were so soggy but that's to be expected from chips covered in stuff.We asked about a dog food menu that we had seen advertised on the yelp page (not on their website so I can't say they lied really.) But when we asked we were met with confusion. The waitress asked the kitchen and they specially made my dog some chicken and potatoes which was SO nice of them. I just wish they would take down the photo of the two dogs with special meals on the yelp page. It was posted by the owner and it's very misleading! I seemed like a freak when I asked for the pet menu!!!! Lol. And I felt bad for putting the employees in an awkward position. All in all, I wasn't exactly thrilled with this place because of the "patio" and how cramped and hot it was and because I personally didn't enjoy the food. HOWEVER, the employees were SO KIND. The hostess was very sweet, always had a smile on her face and was super attentive to my dog. The waiters and waitresses all loved my dog as well and were very helpful, accommodating, and fun to speak with. Really good service and such a good staff- this is how you interact with customers. This place right here. I would definitely come back here but maybe only when they take down the encasement covering the "patio" and without my dog lol. I'd come back for the drinks, and for the good service.
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite spots. Being Mexican it's hard to find a perfectly well balanced Mexican place. Great drinks , great servers , great food , great decoration. It's a very small place but you get use to it.The best micheladas in town. I like everything , the whole menu. The steak nachos. Torta ahogada ( very spicy )Fish and steak tacos Hanger steak Are some of my favorites. The brunch is very good too. They close kind of late  everyday. The staff is super friendly. Perfect comboGet ready to have some mezcal shots !
#REVIEW#Delicious food. Try the shrimp torta - it's incredible and a little different to your standard Mexican place. The Essex cocktail is nice and potent. The Mayan and beer cocktails also great. Bar tender was accommodating and lovely. We had the shrimp torta and queso - both delectable. Wasn't too busy 5.30 on a Friday. Cute atmosphere and a group celebrating a bday, all round good find and experience   Update: it's the second or third time visiting - we honestly come back for the food and drinks but the hostess really makes it hard. If you walk in without one of her precious reservations - be prepared to be screamed at and be told it's a 2.5 hour wait minimum for an empty restaurant. You'll likely get sat in the foyer if you really want to stay. We asked to be moved in (sadly, we went on a frosty winter evening) and we could hear her screaming at her assisted service: "if you don't have a reservation, sorry". Just unpleasant how these amazing finds can be tainted by pointless and rude service. I get it's New York, but it's also unnecessary. I don't want date night ruined by someone screaming at me when I've made the effort to travel, dress up and spend money at the establishment.
#REVIEW#After a night out in NYC, the brunch at La Contenta definitely hit the spot! The place is small, so definitely recommend a reservation, but we are still talking about how good our meal was hours later. We got the Mexican coffee for drinks, even though we weren't feeling like cocktails, and it was a great decision. Very delicious. We started with the guacamole, which is can't miss, so good. For entrees, we got the huevos rancheros and enchiladas suizas were amazing. We switched plates and then switched back because we both liked our first dish so much. Lots of options for pescatarians, which we appreciated. Very pleasant staff and fun, cozy atmosphere. Will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#My wife and I stumbled upon this place and so glad we did.  The atmosphere was super chill on a quiet side street.  Food was authentic! My wife who is Mexican is always looking for real Mexican food and this spot is the joint. Real deal! We order steak tacos and queso fundido and both were delicious.  Our server was great and bartender made an excellent Tamarindo Michelada for her.   Overall a great experience.  If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the spot!
#REVIEW#La Contenta me hace sentir contento.* I ate at La Contenta for a late lunch with some co-workers and we truly enjoyed our experience. The guacamole was perfectly seasoned, and the carne asada tacos were plentiful and delicious for the price point. The staff was pleasant, as was the very warm, quaint atmosphere. Wait times on the weekends can be very high (upwards of 2 hours) because the dining room is so small. La Contenta is perfect for a weeknight date or a happy hour with a small group, and I'd definitely recommend it if you're looking for flavorful Mexican food on the Lower East Side. *I translated that with Google so don't judge me.
#REVIEW#This place was a solid 4.5/5. My only complaint is that some stuff were a lil too spicy for me (due to my low spice tolerance) and my bf picked a dish I didn't love (huevos rancheros). I loved the drink and I'm a lightweight. It's slightly spicy and surprisingly refreshing. I loved my dish, the chiliquiles. Again also a bit spicy, but the chips had a ton of sauce and the egg on top were super yummy. The cheese wasn't too strong and really yummy (since I'm not a fan of strong cheeses like goat cheese). I'd come back and recommend to my friends!! The place is really small, about 12 seats for tables and 10 by the bar. My bf and I came around 2pm and the restaurant was at like 75% capacity but we had a reservation. The service is solid.
#REVIEW#We came here on a Sunday night and ordered off of their happy hour menu.  The cocktails were really good, as was the food.  We had the fish tacos, the steak tacos, the queso fundido, and the nachos.  The nachos were good, but they weren't the best of the things we had, and I've definitely had better nachos at other places.  The fish tacos were delicious, and the steak tacos were possibly the best I've ever had.  The queso fundido served with soft corn tortillas was really good; I personally think it would be better with some tortilla chips instead (I think the crispy texture of the tortilla chips would go well with the cheesy creaminess of the queso fundido).  The service was exceptional, too, and we had a great meal for a really good price.
#REVIEW#Great food and amazing service. We started off with complementary chips and salsa (not normal salsa, smokey but really good). We ordered the guacamole which was super flavorful and a hefty portion ($10 bucks during happy hour)! The food was good and drinks weren't too sweet - a great happy hour spot. It is just so small and cramped in there and I wish there was more room. Definitely want to go back.
#REVIEW#Truly an excellent experience. The tacos were fantastic, guac to die for, and the service was first class. 12/10 would recommend this place.
