#NAME#Pearl Oyster Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pearl-oyster-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,wine_bars,tapasmallplates#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#One of my dear friend has always wanted to come here and celebrate her birthday so we did. At first, my friends and I were a bit discouraged because when we looked at the menu it seems a bit over priced. We wanted to tell the birthday girl to choose another spot but we didn't wanted to hurt her feelings so we gave it a shot and glad we did.First make sure u know what time this place opens and try to be there 15 mins before to be the first people on line. This place is a bit small and very popular for seafood. People know this so be prepared to wait online. Also is limited seating so if u don't make it for the first round be prepared to wait a long time. Food and service was amazing.. I never had raw oysters and they were delicious..My main course was lobster roll with shoestrings fries and was also delicious . We were very please with the food and service so best believe we will come back again..
#REVIEW#Cuisine: 8Service: 7Decor: 6Value: 7Overall: 7Lobster Roll, lobster roll, lobster roll !!!!!!!!!!!That's why you come, never deviate. I've been coming here for that amazing sandwich for two decades now. Today was purely by chance, but boy am I glad.Big pieces of lobster cooked perfectly, tossed in a light mayo based sauce, placed on top of a sweet buttered roll toasted just right. Boston may be famous for creating this American classic, but I have not had a better version of a cold lobster roll anywhere else. For the best hot lobster roll, Neptune Oyster Bar in Boston can't be beat.It is a bit pricey but you are getting a truly quality product, so treat yourself. If you want some variety, get the steamers, mussels, scallops, and NE clam chowder. I would avoid the crab cakes, too dry and lack flavor. Honestly, this establishment is a NYC classic and I am happy to see it surviving after all these years.
#REVIEW#Well. I've been planning to try and get down here forever and finally found the time to do so. So glad I did, this is a must try in the the village, especially if you are a seafood lover. Made it down on a Friday night, which was a little crazy, but being that I am one weapon, was able to snag a seat at the bar. Upon arrival you will find a mini packet of oyster crackers, which, are my downfall. i just love these, so I'm already happy. I check out the menu, and order a lobster roll, more so because the piles of fries that come on this plate look too good to be ignored. I tried the shrimp appetizer, which was also totally delicious, and the homemade tartar sauce was outstanding. The green beans were perfectly crisp and so delicious. Did a glass of red wine, and the bartender, Maria,  was a delight in helping me find one I loved. She was super friendly, super chatty, and seemed to know everyone at the bar. If she didn't, she made friends quickly and every guest seemed happy and well taken care of. The ambiance was cozy, although the place is small, was comforting and not over crowded. The kitchen is open, which I loved as well, because it's nice to see staff interaction, and this was a well oiled machine. There are plenty of tables on the other side of the room, and as most NYC restaurants, they know how to maximize space. For dessert I had a sample of their ice cram with some kind of caramel and crushed pecans? I believe. Whatever it was was so delicious I just wanted to eat it forever. This place is DEFINITELY worth checking out, as it has been a staple in the village for over 20 years. And nowadays, when things come and go quicker than the subway, it's nice to know you can still find some long standing restaurants that provide excellent service and food.
#REVIEW#There was a time not so long ago when lobster rolls were menu items found only on Cape Cod, Nantucket or the Maine Coast in summertime. Vacationers would come back to the City and spend the Fall and Winter debating where to get the best lobster rolls and the Spring counting they days until the trek to New England. Then, about 22 years ago, Pearl Oyster Bar arrived in Greenwich Village and New Yorkers were liberated once and for all. Lobster rolls, steamers and fresh seafood of all kinds. Add great beers, good wines and desserts and you have an amazing combination. Service is great too.
#REVIEW#About to leave the city but had a craving for Oysters before we set off and found this place down a little side street off Bleaker.It's small, simple and friendly with a basic menu that allows them to do everything well. Kept it basic with a half dozen oysters, shrimp cocktail and clam chowder- the chowder was the best we had tasted ever!! The kids enjoyed the Caesar salad and shoestring fries - also so good. Oysters and shrimp were fresh and tasty.Love the fact that the menu also asks you put phones away - wish more places followed suit.Great little spot for seafood
#REVIEW#We've been coming here for over 10 years. This place is our favorite go to place for amazingly fresh and delicious seafood in the city. My all time favorite dishes are the Fried Oysters, bucket of steamers and fully loaded Lobster Roll. Perfect to finish the meal off with a Ice Cream Sunday. I am pretty certain that once you try this place out, you will definitely become a regular as well.
#REVIEW#Pearl is one of those places that's been on my list forever. My boyfriend and I finally visited on a frigid night and shared a bowl of clam chowder, a lobster roll and veggies. Everything was really good, and I loved the super skinny fries that come with the lobster roll. Butterscotch parfait for dessert was awesome, too, so definitely get that.
#REVIEW#Love this place.  Hadn't been for awhile, and was very excited to return with a friend for a joint-birthday meal.Although getting a little rough-around-the-edges, and it looks as though the decor could use some attention, it is still a great Greenwich Village spot, and perhaps the BEST seafood place in the neighborhood and surrounding area.My friend had Steamers and the Lobster Roll, I had fried oysters and the Lobster Roll.  Honestly:  we were there for the lobster rolls!  And why wouldn't we be?!?!?!?  Best lobster roll outside of New England - by far.The steamers were a generous portion, and can be ordered as an appetizer or an entree.  The fried oysters were cooked to perfection and the homemade tartar sauce was fantastic (remember to let them cool before you try to stuff your face).The lobster rolls were generously stuffed and most of it must be eaten with a fork until you can get to the "roll."  The chunks of lobster are perfectly cooked and there is not a lot of filler added: it's a lobster roll.The lobster could have used a touch of salt.  Many chefs have reduced salt in their cooking, for good reasons to which I subscribe; but, many dining rooms have also removed salt from the table (for what reason, I really have never known).  So, while I appreciate that my food is cooked with a reduced amount of salt, I don't appreciate the absence of salt from my dining experience.  Perhaps the front of the house and the back of the house are not in sync here.  My lobster roll could have used a touch of salt, whether administered by the cooks or by me - I have no preference for which of us does that job!  Yes, I could have asked for salt; but it could also already be part of the dining experience without me requesting something special.  It's only salt.And since that criticism is tiny and only about salt, it in no way alters my adoration of this wonderful restaurant. I encourage all of you to get there soon and enjoy some high-end seafood, lovingly prepared, in this cozy Cornelia Street spot.  You won't be sorry!
#REVIEW#You would think a place called Pearl Oyster Bar would offer more than just one type of oyster but sadly that's just not the case here. OK so the place is not actually an oyster bar. In fact, the big draw here is the lobster roll. We had it and for $37 we could not have been less impressed. Really, that could have been any protein slathered in mayonnaise. The French fries it came with were little more than thin chips. I had to give up trying to eat them with my fork for fear they might take someone's eye out the way they flew off the plate. Had the clam chowder as well - tasted like potato soup. Nothing we ate was bad but it wasn't particularly good either. It was, however, very pricey.  This is NYC where we have the best of everything. Choose a place that at least lives up to its name.
#REVIEW#I was pleasantly surprised by the simple yet delicious food here. I ordered the pan seared halibut for lunch and it blew me away. Perfectly cooked and on a bed of corn. Delicious and fresh. I sat at the bar and service was satisfactory, though not overly friendly. The bar area and seating areas are small so I can see how there would be a wait during peak times. Prices are rather reasonable. Would love to come back and try other seafood here like the lobster roll and oysters.
#REVIEW#I've come here time and time again for one item - the lobster roll!  It really is all that!  My second favorite lobster roll joint is up in the Hamptons.At Pearl's, they use a nice soft bun (not plain white bread) and mix in the perfect amount of mayo and bits of green onions. They must add something else to the mayo mixture because it has a subtle, but nice flavor.  The lobster is slightly chilled, and very chunky and fresh.  I've tried lobster rolls all over the Bay Area, and everywhere I spotted it on a menu, but no place ever came close to Pearl's! I recently stopped getting it altogether, because my comparator will always be Pearl's, and any other places always fail.I tried the fresh oysters (Long Island Blue Points) for the first time yesterday at lunch, and I was blown away with how fresh, meaty and tasty they were.  I was also impressed with how there were absolutely no bits of shells inside.  Even at the popular Hog Island in San Francisco, I inevitably find unwelcomed miniscule bits of shells and grittiness. Not here! Great attentive service, even with bar seating.The lobster rolls can also come with fries.  I got it with a side salad this time, but may return again, if time permits, to get my roll with their matchstick fries so I can share and post a pic.  Ok, that's an excuse I'm making for myself so I can go back for the fries.  Whatever works, right?!?
#REVIEW#Excellent place for a fantastic lobster roll.  Also tried their oysters which were really good too.  I have eaten here twice and both times were extremely good.  The lobster roll is fresh and they give you a generous portion
#REVIEW#We liked it so much , we actually came back a few weeks later. Service is friendly. Food is creative and well presented. Combination cocktail to start was a great concept  !!  Don't pass on the fried oysters  !! Halibut was perfect and buollabaise was interesting. Great value in food and wine.
#REVIEW#Great food very nice and fast service! It was our first time at this place. We arrived at 7pm on Saturday it was super busy, however we got table for 2 very fast. We ordered lobster raw oysters and Bouillabaisse. All food was very good! Definitely would recommend this restaurant wine bar!
#REVIEW#I would have given a higher rating based on their spectacular fried oysters . They were plump with a delicately battered coating ,served in a shell lined by a pickle infused tartar sauce . Totally excellent! The disappointment was their highly touted lobster roll. So much mayonnaise! It overwhelmed the lobster pieces , which  were mostly small pieces . While some moderate size pieces were present, no large chunks noted as you might see in Cape cod or lobster outlets in smaller Maine towns like Ogunquit.
#REVIEW#Still crazy for Pearl Oyster Bar after all these years.  Love their steamers.  Steaming fresh. Their lobster rolls are generous, lobster falling out of the bun and on the plate.  The shoestring fries are always a hit.  I could live here.  Really.
#REVIEW#My boyfriend and I were here Friday June 1st evening as it was highly recommended for the best lobster roll in town. It was a nice neighborhood spot, which we loved, and the service was impeccable... But the lobster roll was a hard pass. Scallops were on the menu, I should have went for that. The lobster was overcooked and chewy and too much dressing. If you have to put all that sauce it's probably not good, which it wasn't. I just hope it was an off day cause I really really wanted to love it. Pic looks better than it was. Fries were great... Wine was great.
#REVIEW#Finally came here after a friend's recommendation. Got in right at 6pm when they open for dinner so no wait.Fried Oyster ($17)- it was good! Came with the shell, nice crunch and sitting on a bed of light tartar sauce Lobster Roll ($34)- I really had high hopes for this but to me it was just okay. Yes they were generous with the lobster but for me the mayo kind of overpowered the fresh lobster taste. Also, I wish the bun was more toasted and buttery. I wasn't a fan of the shoestring fries- where's the potato man??I'm glad I got to cross this place off my list but I probably won't come back.
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch on a Wednesday at 12:30 - not crowded at all, and we walked right in for a table for two!Make sure you come with enough time to eat, they do close at 2:30 to prep for dinner service.We ordered the:Pearl Caesar ($12)- They couldn't use romaine lettuce, my friend said it's better with romaine, but I enjoyed without! Fried Oysters ($17) - Homemade tartar sauce was good, but I enjoyed eating the oysters on their own!Prince Edward Island Mussels with Wine, Mustard, Cream ($16) - Was not expecting the mussels to be in such a creamy white sauce but it had great flavor Lobster Roll with Shoestring Fries (Market Price in December was $34) - They are super generous with the lobster!! And it comes with a mound of shoestring fries - crispy and salty.Butterscotch praline parfait - Really delicious and sweet! Overall, satisfying seafood lunch. The waiter was attentive and it was cozy.Photos: Instagram.com/bernmarkst…
#REVIEW#Absolutely the best lobster roll, huge amount of meat with the light touch of spice and mayonnaise, comes with a heaping shoestring fries on the side. Mussels with white wine sauce was fresh and rich tasting. Fried oysters is to die for! Wish there is more more in my stomach to have more foods!
