#NAME#Hatsuhana Sushi Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/hatsuhana-sushi-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Great experience sitting at the upstairs sushi bar with Jimmy helping us as the sushi chef. Fish was fresh, and wonderful. The Box of Dreams was a total steal for Midtown sushi pricing. Our waitress was incredibly kind and thoughtful, and gave us very good suggestions for some a la carte appetizers. This is the best sushi I've had in the States in a long time, and I will definitely return.
#REVIEW#Scanned opentable the day of for a dinner reservation after a visit to MoMA and snagged a spot for 5:30pm (on a Monday evening). Only later, when I visited the website, did I realize Hatsuhana's history as the first sushi restaurant in NYC (or something along those lines) - a pleasant surprise!The interior and the furniture are quite obviously dated and it looks like the building hasn't been updated for a while. The anachronistic vibes didn't detract from the experience though, as a sense of history seems to be a point of pride for the restaurant. Even the waitress gave us a little spiel about the history. I didn't get a good look at the kanji for the restaurant's name, but if my guess is right, it would translate to "first flower."My fiancé and I were seated on the second floor at a table within view of the sushi bar. Our waitress was very timely and friendly. We ordered the box of dreams ($48) and sushi special (8pc nigiri and one roll $34) to share. The tuna roll that we got with the sushi special was really good and the portion of fish inside is very generous. Rather than being ground up like a negi toro roll, the roll was filled with large, solid chunks of fish. It so tasty and good value that we ordered another! If we come here next time we're both definitely getting the box of dreams!
#REVIEW#I have been to Hatsuhana around 10-12 times over the past 7-8 years. This is my first review. I have always enjoyed a very good meal, yet my most recent 2 have been excellent, in terms of food, service and price. I had to write this review.Our most recent visit we were a hungry party of 4 guys, we were seated downstairs (first time for me) and ordered generously. The service was good, our server was patient, knowledgeable and attentive but not overly so.The king crab nigiri was out of this world as was the belly of tuna sashimi (toro). Both stole the show.We had a an exceptional evening, including 1 round of beers and a mid price ($60) bottle of sake.We were all full to bursting andThe bill came in at a smidge over $400 between the 4 of us us including a 20% tip. Excellent value all things considered.My friends (all 3 of them foodies like myself) are still talking about their meal and when are we going back. If I had one constructive comment it would be that the decor is a little frumpy, albeit authentic, if they modernized the interior I would come back much more regularly.
#REVIEW#Came here for the box of dreams and was blown away. I am not a sashimi type and was never into eating tons of mush but this restaurant was on point. Besides the presentation, each sampler was amazing! The texture and taste seemed so fresh! I also love how they branded their egg. Overall, great service and food.
#REVIEW#This has become my family's go to spot when they visit the city! Food: I've had both the chirashi box and and chef picked set! I fell in love with the presentation of the Chirashi as well as the fish quality. They included fatty tuna and uni, and added extra flavors to simpler fish, like yuzu with salmon. Although it was good, I would only get it the first time for the experience and stick with the chef picked set the other times! If you want to try something new and aesthetic, I'd say to get the chirashi, but if you want something more traditional (I'm a fan of more traditional styled sushi), then get the chef's hand picked sushi set. I also appreciated how they had real wasabi and ceremonial grade matcha for the tea.Service: Though at first it was difficult to get a hold of the waiter in the beginning because our table was in the corner, our waiter was very attentive to our requests. I decided to change my order to the Chirashi, which he was able to do, and replaced my tamago when I dropped it by accident. He was very friendly and humorous as well! Atmosphere: A nice atmosphere for groups (to take friends, family, or have a meeting/work meal), but I would say they overbooked the place with tables. There were too many tables squished together and it was difficult to get in and out without brushing others. I guess you can't really help that in New York though!
#REVIEW#Decided to come in after having this place bookmarked for a long time. We came for a girls date with a Friday, 6:30pm reservation and we both decided to opt for the "Pick 10" ($38). We ordered the semi-sweet/dry sake carafe ($25) which is a total of 5 shots.My choices were 2 unis, 2 botan ebi, scallop, fluke, kampachi, fresh salmon, squid and yellowtail, along with a yellowtail and scallion handroll. Our waitress was really attentive and kept checking in on us to see if everything was okay and poured out sake for us. Overall, the fish is very fresh and service is excellent. We both agreed that we will be back in the near future to get the "Box of Dreams".
#REVIEW#Came here for the box of dreams and it didn't disappoint. Good price and amazing sushi. Would come back!
#REVIEW#I couldn't make a reservation because they were already fully booked when I called (1 day before), so do make reservations ahead of time! When we went in, the front was crowded and there was a party that was telling the host they made reservations the night before and the host had to tell them the they were already fully booked by then and couldn't find their names on the list. So we had to awkwardly wait in front of the door while they talked it out. After awhile, we were able to check in and were told we'd have a 10-15min wait. In about 10 min we were able to get seated, and ordered the Box of Dreams and Salmon Lovers for the two of us. We got our green teas which tasted great as well as our miso soups, and shortly after, our food came out. The Box of Dreams was not only super pretty for instagram but also tasted great! It is a bit on the pricey side but it's definitely worth a try. And as a salmon lover myself, the Salmon Lovers Combo was great as well, and much cheaper that the Box of Dreams. The service was fine and did everything we needed her to do.
#REVIEW#The box of dreams is just WOW. Definitely lives up to the hype and is excellent in both quality and presentation! It's Hatsuhana's version of a deluxe Chirashi 9 miniature bowls in a lacquer Box. Beautifully arranged and each bowl contains sushi rice with raw or cooked delicacies for $45. The range of flavors was remarkable, and the fish was very fresh!If there's just two of you I would recommend a box of dreams, and a reservation is almost certainly required. The ambiance was elegant, simple, yet unpretentious. Our wait staff was friendly and attentive but not hovering. The sushi was phenomenal. I didn't expect it to be some of the best sushi I ever had. Thoughtful presentation leads to a more enjoyable meal.  Each bite had my mouth aroused, left me waiting more. It looks as good as it tastes!
#REVIEW#The Box of Dreams is the best dish at this restaurant! Wonderful portions with a lovely variety of sushi in each box, delicious taste, and reasonable price ($48). Service was a little slow, especially as the restaurant got busier. Reservation recommended; as it seemed pretty much all tables had a Reservation sign. Very satisfied with my meal here, and it's probably one of the better sushi restaurants in the city. Would definitely return!
#REVIEW#The sushi itself at Hatsuhana was delicious! Every piece was fresh and tasted good, and the presentation of the food is also good! I went to Hatsuhana with one other person and so we decided to just order a few things and share. The prices at Hatsuhana seem to be a little bit higher than other sushi restaurants so it was a bit tricky trying to gauge how big things were before we ordered. We consulted the waitress and eventually settled on a few sushi roles and a combo plate. When I went, the service was definitely on the slow side. The restaurant was very busy so it's understandable but we definitely were waiting for significantly more than usual. We ordered the matcha sundae for dessert and the toppings and the ice cream itself were all unique and tasty!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite NYC sushi restaurants. Excellent quality. Some of the best soft shell crab I have had outside of Louisiana.
#REVIEW#Got the boxes of dream because it looks cute and yummy. But looks can be deceiving and this is the case. Nothing tastes amazing, just mediocre. For $48 I guess price is reasonable for tasting different kind of sashimi. Note that they put sushi rice underneath so it can be filling.
#REVIEW#Pretty decent Japanese restaurant close to saks fifth avenue. Great place to have dinner after shopping all day! There are two floors. Coat check at the door. The table is a little too small if you order a few appetizers or drinks. Service is great, but waiter's accent is a little difficult to understand. Dream of box is larger than I thought, which is great! Food is fresh and delicious. Looking forward to come back soon.
#REVIEW#Been here on various occasions, several times for regular table service and once for omakase. Sushi is always delicious and extremely fresh, with a great sake list as well. Service is excellent!
#REVIEW#Located in an office building. This is a multiple story restaurants offering seats for large and small groups. Environment is quiet and soothing for a dinner place. The menu offers a lot of choice along with their regular off menu specials. Waiter was extremely nice to explain the menu and offer towels to clean your hand. The sushi box and sashimi plate are must try. They offer plenty of small plates with different fish selection. Each plate is finely flavored and unique. The fish quality is super except the uni, which is difficult to maintain as they needed to be eaten right after being open. Other than that, price for these two plates are great considering it being New York. Recommend coming here for anyone craving some Japanese food.
#REVIEW#I cannot say how much of a pleasant dining experience this was! My mom and sister were in town and naturally, my cool hip sister wanted to check this place out and I happily obliged. I'm not too much into sushi lately because I get overwhelmed with the fancy rolls and I just want a good cut of fish- not fried, mayo'd or whatever. Before and after the meal, you get a moist hot towel. My sister got the mini box of dreams and I got three rolls: tuna, spicy yellow tail, salmon. Our server was fantastic- checking on us and made some recommendations. When he found out my mom and sister were visiting, we got a round of miso soup on the house Things to note: highly recommend reservations. You will likely not get through if you don't have one.
#REVIEW#This is a great restaurant.  I do not usually go out for sushi; not for any particular reason, there are just other cuisines that I tend to prefer.I ordered a dish that came with a variety of sushi selected by the chefs and a roll of my choice.  I ordered -- as I always do -- an avocado roll.  Everything was just amazing.My dinner companions, who are much more experienced with sushi, were also singing the praises of their meals.  They also shared that Hatsuhana's prices are much more reasonable than other sushi places of equal quality.
#REVIEW#An experience. I have a theory that the quality of the maki (rolls) at a sushi place is inversely related to the quality of their best sushi/sashimi. Hatsuhana lived up to this theory!As a novice sushi eater, I brought a major sushi lover so I could see the Box of Dreams in person. I got the spicy crunchy maki - rolls of spicy tuna, spicy salmon, and spicy shrimp tempura. I know... judge away. We contemated doing the Mini Box of Dreams where you can choose 6 out of a list but opted for the full size Box when the server mentioned it came with special, off the menu fish. Every piece was worth it and every bite was finished. The finish of each box, with greens, citrus pairings, and other garnishes were thoughtful and well executed. Since it's only about $10 more, I'd say the full Box is worth it over the mini.The spicy crunchy maki fulfilled my needs! Not bad taste, but small, not so pretty, and certainly not that memorable. But that's not why you're here right??Loved the plum wine, which was strong and sweet. The atmosphere was lovely and serene. I love that you can get water or tea! One slight qualm - not sure why in such a nice setting (hot towel before AND after) they don't have real chopsticks. Why wooden? But still, it was a wonderful meal. It was truly a dream. With the deepest colors, flavors, and textures either of us had experienced.7
#REVIEW#This place was close by to work and I always wanted to try their box of dreams... which is why I came here to try their box of dreams!I can't say specifically for each piece in the box. But definitely most of the items were very tasty and high quality. I would recommend getting the $48 box and it's definitely worth it for one person. The reason is because the box is higher quality and comes with more. It's like a miniature version of omakase! Service was great as well. Giving 4 stars because the toro tasted watery, not what I usually expect from toro.Service was great and the environment was a bit crowded, but definitely make a reservation beforehand! 9/10 would come back again
