#NAME#Takashi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/takashi-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,korean,bbq#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Absolutely AMAZING.I've had Takashi bookmarked for over 2 years now, but finally had the opportunity to try it today.We made a reservation for 9pm on a Monday night, and even at this time the restaurant was full. KFC - Kobe beef tartar, foie gras, and caviar One of my favorites - the beef tartar and foie were so flavorful, and the caviar on top added that slight bit of saltiness. I LOVED the pickled cantaloupe and toast that was served with it - gave it the perfect contrasting texture, and I think the cantaloupe might have been the best part of this dish, and really rounded it out. Squid ink rice and miso sweetbreadsCouldn't really taste the squid ink too much, but the rice had a perfect texture. My family really enjoyed the sweetbreads - they had a nice chew to them, and it was so so so flavorful.Calf's brain cream Super interesting and fun to eat. If anyone watches iZombie this is probably what they eat in the show. The brain actually has a very mellow flavor which is not what I was expecting. I think the blinis were a bit bready and wasn't a fan of the texture. Of course caviar is always nice to have. While this is a fun item, I wouldn't get it again cuz there just wasn't a lot of flavor to itYooke- beef tartarThis is single handedly the BEST beef tartar I have ever had in my life. The flavor and texture of beef was just unbelievable. My family doesn't normally eat raw beef, but even they were like WOW, this doesn't taste raw at all. I've never had such an amazing tartar before; this is a MUST GET. Niku UniEasily their most photogenic item, and definitely one of the best items of the night. It's the perfect appetizer bite to start the meal. Uni, beef, and fresh wasabi go so well together.Kalbi- this was SO FREAKING TENDER AND FLAVORFULRosu- super delicious, and the marinade was amazing. This is less fatty than the kalbi, but even more flavorful. Tongue experience - My favorite was the back of the tongue, as I thought it had the best flavor and texture. The body of the tongue is what we are most accustomed to eating at other JBBQ places. The tip of the tongue takes the longest to cook, but I felt it lacked flavor and the texture wasn't as enjoyable. Filet mignon steak with garlic butter dipOMG probably our favorite grilled item if the night. Filet is naturally a very tender and mild flavored cut of steak, but this brought the tenderness and flavor to a whole new level. It comes with a little dish of garlic butter that you let cook on the grill. First you seat the filet for 1 minute in each side, and then you place the filet pieces into the garlic butter bath for another 30 seconds to let the flavor infuse and for the beef to cook a little bit more. It was SO FREAKING TENDER AND SO FLAVORFUL this is a MUST GET IMO (and my family is gonna start cooking our filets at home this way!!!). Also the garlic pieces were super tasty as well, and did not have that pungent strong raw garlic flavor. We ate all of the garlic by itself after the meat was done, and it was delicious. A5 Miyazaki wagyu prime ribWhat a treat! It's so rare to get A5 wagyu in New York. It's been a quick minute since I've last had authentic A5 japanese beef, so we decided to get an order of this to try. A lot of my A5 experiences in japan were a bit disappointing as the cuts were overly fatty and almost nauseating to eat. Takashi cuts this super thin, and gives you 2 Long pieces. A5 wagyu is best enjoyed in moderation, and this was the perfect portion size to get just a taste of the flavor and tenderness of Japanese beef. It's beautifully presented with flakes of gold for that extra bouginess.Bakudan- this is pretty much just rice covered with seaweed. I would totally get this over plain white rice any day!Scallion salad- nice and refreshing Ice cream - I got the works, with the peanut sesame powder, azuki beans, shiratama, and green tea sauce. This was one of the best ice creams I've ever had. The green tea sauce is bitter but it balances out the sweetness of the vanilla ice cream perfectly. I was able to finish the entire thing easily without it feeling too sweet or fat. The azuki beans were amazing, but I would skip the shiratama as it was tasteless. The kinako powder was good, but not very noticeable. Of course this also comes with gold flakes on it as well. Also tried the balsamic sauce, and it actually was so good WITH the ice cream. If you try the sauce alone it's a bit gross,  but with the sweetness of the ice cream, it's the perfect tartness to accompany ice cream. Overall this was one of the most enjoyable meals I've had in a very long time. The service was impeccable, and the servers were very nice, and quick to answer any questions we had.  I can't wait to come back here.Highly recommend Takashi - it's a bit pricey, but it's some of the best food I've had in a while and well worth the splurge.
#REVIEW#I had been here few years ago on a Thanksgiving night, but barely remembered the tastes. I came again this year. This place is very popular. We arrived few minutes before its opening time, and there were already few groups waiting. Just a reminder, Takashi doesn't take reservation for less than four people, so if you want to try it with a smaller group, come early.Despite its popularity, the food was just average. We ordered beef tongue, some marinated beef, beef tartare, the appetizer of uni and wagyu etc. There was nothing wrong, but nothing special. The service was good though, but sorry it really didn't worth more stars. Also I think it's more on the pricey side. I have to say there are other better yakiniku places to go in NYC.
#REVIEW#So excited to try this place that Anthony Bourdain raved about! We ordered the KFC- very cute presentations, foie mousse was smooth and creamy. Complemented the kobe tartare well. Would definitely order againNiku-uni  My expectations for uni are always high so I was just slightly disappointed that the uni wasn't as sweet and creamy as I'd like but overall a nice dishYuke (beef tartare with quail egg) very flavorful and the meat texture was perfect, chewy, not mushy with just the right about of heatSuper thick beef tongue- disappointed, very chewy, not at all tender. I only finished 2 pieces out of the 5. Should've tried the shio tanThe grilled A5 with gold flakes was delicious! Fatty, velvety, was a hit with the toddler. But my all time favorite of the night was the Madagascar vanilla soft serve with rice balls. SO CREAMY! reminded me of the soft serve I had in hokkaido! I can do two of those any time
#REVIEW#3.5 out of 5. I'd choose Futago over this place in a heartbeatExtremely underwhelming dinner. Def not worth the hype, resembled Gyu Kaku to me: basic, plain, flavorless. We ordered some of the most popular dishes, niku-uni, kfc, A5 sirloin, kalbi, ribeye and beef belly, nothing really stood out.I'd give niku-uni a 2/5: flavorless, and plain. Idk how much Anthony Bourdain got paid to talk this dish up, but it did not live up to my expectations at all. I barely tasted the uni.KFC: a 4 for me. VERY salty, but I like salty dishes, so I liked it. Rich and flavorful. My friends and bf did not like it as much.A5: 3. Did not taste like A5 to me, wouldn't know it's Wagyu if nobody told me so.Kalbi, ribeye, and beef belly were 3.5. Very basic nothing special. Their sauces could use some flavor.The person who helped us with the grilling made everything raw, and we had to redo everything ourselves. That was kind of annoying. But other than that their service was very good. Super friendly staff and fast service.Wouldn't really come back anytime soon.
#REVIEW#Went back for the dinner Takashi BBQ. What an amazing experience!! Every single cut served was splendid. All pictures of food attached!!
#REVIEW#Food was fine and the service was great.We ordered five meats for grill, some salad, some buns and some rice balls. The flavor was okay and the meat was very fresh.The overall price was a little expensive for the amount of meat you got. Choices were little if you like a variety of vegetables apart from meats. Take reservations for a group of four of more.
#REVIEW#My friends have been raving about this place, so I was pretty excited to try it out. It's a small little place, so make sure to get reservations (4+ people, they don't take reservations for smaller groups). Luckily, we were able to get a seat right away on a Wednesday night for 3 people. We started off with the Niku Uni which was pretty good. For the meats, we go 2 orders of the filet mignon, 1 order of short rib, and 1 order of the ribeye to share. The short rib and filet were delicious, both very fatty and tender. The garlic butter sauce definitely made it even better though. The ribeye was okay, tougher than the other meats we had. Quality overall for everything was great. Service was great as well, everyone was really attentive and helpful. They tell you the recommended cooking time for each meat and how to cook it. The only con about Takashi for me is the portion size for the price, which makes it hard to try a large variety. The short rib and ribeye came with about 6 thin slices. Filet was a bit more, but not by much. I don't think you can really get "filled up" here without spending $$$. We ordered 3 bowls of rice so that helped.
#REVIEW#Takashi is not how it used to be. It has definitely fell off. I was so disappointed when I brought three friends to try this amazing meal I once had. First things first, the service here was a bummer. It was so hard to get a hold of the server's attention in a approx. 7 table restaurant. The server was also very difficult to understand. And guess what? She included all these add-ons onto our bill that we did not order! I felt like something was off with the portions, She really tried to play it off. They ended up taking off one entire item off the bill but that's standard service. As for the food, we ordered a few premium cuts, the tongue experience, filet mignon and a variety of chef's horumon.  we were not all that impresesd. My friends are not from here and came just to try what was supposedly my favorite yakiniku restaurant. I've had a few amazing meals here before and had always raved about it.Let's just say, I've been planning this dinner for months. I'm embarrassed that my friends and I were so disappointed.
#REVIEW#I've been to Takashi a few time times and each time I order the Niku Uni and Kobe Filet Mignon in garlic butter sauce. The garlic butter sauce that you cook with is one of my favorites and I end up dipping all other meats in this too. The other meats we ordered last night, Kobe Kalbi (short rib) and Kobe Ribeye, were good too. All of the meats were very tender and I was not disappointed. In total for the 3 of us, we ordered 1 app, 4 portions of meat (doubled up on the Filet), and 3 bowls of rice. I was comfortably full after the meal, but the portions are a bit on the smaller side. Ordering rice to go with the meats helped.They also give you a piece of gum at the end of your meal to help with all the garlic so no worries on that front! However, be aware that since you're barbecuing  your own food, your hair and clothes will smell afterwards.
#REVIEW#I rarely give any restaurant any 5 stars on yelp because i am very pick on food and services as well. However, takashi took my heart away. Shout out for Reece and also Adam. Especially Reece, he made my night to suggest the kebe sirloin with foie gras. It was phenomenal dish. Reece took his time to explain how the dishes work and what the ingredient to make. My suggestion is beef tarter and foie gras beef sirloin. Those two were worth your price and your craving. The beef was super tender and very tasting. I traveled to japan kobe years ago and it brought back all memories just because of this place. Thank you again for your amazing services when i am in New York.
#REVIEW#Review for Midnight Ramen only:If every midnight snack/meal could be Takashi's ramen, I would be a VERY happy (and plump) camper! Takashi's Original Ramen is unlike most I've had before - the bowl is filled with braised Kobe beef belly and crispy fried intestines, all cooked in a rich beef broth and topped with seaweed, sesame seeds, and thinly sliced green onions. If you're not the type to try intestines, don't let it throw you off. The intestines taste more like small crispy chunks of beef and give the ramen a wonderfully addictive and flavorful texture...even a few of my friends who don't like intestines loved it! On top of that, the dish includes a creamy soft boiled egg in it, which is actually a rarity since most other NYC ramen shops now charge eggs as additional side items. Definitely a winner here.Midnight Ramen is only available Fridays and Saturdays from 12am - 1am, so be sure to call or email to make your reservation in advance. Highly recommend it for a late night craving.
#REVIEW#Not my first choice for Japanese bbq , been there two times ,Meet quality are same.Service are good!
#REVIEW#NEVER going back. I've been here 3 times and I think people should avoid this place, here's why: 1. Food - you're paying an average of $5-8 per THIN SLICE of meat (one bite then that's it), the quality of the meat is ok but it's not Kuroge Wagyu, there are tons of Yakiniku restaurants in NYC serve similar meat with half of the price; 2. Atmosphere - the moment you walk in this place, you're surrounded with heavy smoke. The hostess offered to hang our jackets in the coat room, which was nice. However they did it for a reason, because basically your entire body, inside-out will smell like bbq afterwards. If you've been to any of the high-end Yakiniku restaurants in Japan, you would know that you'll leave the restaurant with ZERO smell on you because they do a great job on ventilation. Didn't I mention that my eyes couldn't barely open because of the smoke and I was literally crying over the entire dinner; 3. Service - people have been saying they have good service, I agreed based on my first visit however not this time. Our waitress rushed us out close to midnight and yelled at us it's last call and we can't order food anymore, she didn't even mention dessert and when we asked for it, she took out the dessert menu out of her pocket and rudely threw it to us, like she's in a huge rush. Returning customers know that they offer midnight Ramen on weekends, so I don't get it why she's in such a rush, by the way she didn't even mention the Ramen thing to us lol. Then finally we escaped this smoke house after being rushed to finish our food, the hostess chased us out and asked why we didn't leave a 20%+ tips, I was going to tell her why but my husband was nice enough to change it to 20% because we have friends waiting for us. In conclusion, go to some other Yakiniku places if you're in NYC, I'm not gonna name them but you'll find a lot which has great food and service. For restaurant manager, if you ever see this review, it's time to make some changes, install some better hoods! But anyways I'm not going back.
#REVIEW#Takashi:Recommendation:1.Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi)2.Foie Gras Stuffed Mini Kobe Burger with Chocolate BBQ Sauce3.Squid Ink Rice & Miso-Marinated Sweetbreads with Spicy Yuzu Aioli, served on a magnolia leaf4.Grilled Kimo (liver)...
#REVIEW#This wasn't my pick but I'm glad I went. My friend made reservations here for dinner. We tried a variety of dishes from the squid ink rice, to the foie gras meatball, the niku uni, the brain cream, bone marrow dumplings and a few more dishes that I can't recall. The squid ink rice was tasty, the foie gras meatball wasn't my favorite because it was very sweet and chocolatey, the niku uni was great,  the brain cream was the highlight and the bone marrow was just par. The waitress pours extremely hot oil on the bone marrow for it to cook.Overall a great experience. A bit expensive. Dinner was approx $650 for 5 people.
#REVIEW#Got here @12:22am for might night ramen and it was closed. All the employees just looks at us. I thought ramen was from 12am-1am? A group of people came in after us ask why was they closed and they said "you should have known to make rsvp!! Walk in available!! Seriously, false advertising. You should be more clear so consumers know!! I never had problem in the past..
#REVIEW#Food: 4.5/5Service: 4/5Atmosphere: 5/5Overall: 4.5/5Almost perfect.I was super excited to try takashi given my friends' raving reviews, and I was not disappointed. We came as a party of 4 on Saturday night. We weren't able to be seated without the whole party present, which was a bit annoying since 3 of us were already there and the table had already been cleared. Anyway, the experience was good enough that small inconveniences can be overlooked.We ordered 2 appetizers, 1 salad, 1 shareable entree, 3 cuts of meat, and 2 desserts. This was just enough to satiate our table of 4 - one more dish and we would be stuffed.Appetizers:- Niku Uni. 4/5. My guests weren't comfortable with the raw beef, so that's something to consider. Otherwise, a bite full of flavor. On the pricier end for a single bite however.- Beef tacos. 3.5/5. Nothing too special about this one. You grill the tortilla first before assembling the tacos yourself with any desired garnishes.Dishes:- Scallion salad. 4/5. Part of the reason why Takashi got a less than perfect 5/5 food score is because it lacks vegetable options. I know it's a steakhouse, but I really really want to pretend to be healthy by having a side of vegetables. This dish was the only option for veggies.- Squid ink rice. 4.5/5. Grilled on top of a banana leaf, this dish was full of rich flavor.Meats:- US kobe marbled chuck flat steak. 4.5/5. Very juicy and tender. Grilled to your specifications by the server.- filet mignon. 5/5. My FAV of the night. Grilled on the grill, followed by some more cooking in a butter and garlic bath. Super tender and full of flavor.- tongue. 4/5. I'm not one for adventurous meats but this was pretty good! Only 6 slices thoughThe dessert options were quite lacking - vanilla ice cream with your choice of different toppings. It was good, but I'm not a ice cream kind of person.I look forward to going back! This place is hard to book unless you've got enough people committed to a table. Our total bill ended up around $300 for the four of us (no alcohol).
#REVIEW#I came here with my parents and brother. We got a bunch of dishes to share Good- Stewed Beef Tendon Casserole: the marinade was top notch. It was full of flavor and complex, but not salty- thinkly sliced steak tartare: mustard greens and the sauce went well with the dish. Great balance OK- U.S. Kobe Marbled Chuck-flat Steak- Arota: texture of squid. This was interesting- Cheek- Squid Ink Rice & Miso-Marinated Sweetbreads- US Kobe Kalbi (short rib)- heartNeed improvement- Foie Gras Stuffed meatball with chocolate: I found the dish to be disappointing as it's just heavy and the chocolate with foie gras is just overwhelming. The addition of an egg just pushed it over the edge and made a mess.- $2 for kimchi refill: really?!? We had a bill of over $250 and you are charging us $2 for kimchi refill. We ended up not getting refill because it's just not cool. - 20% required gratuity: really?!? We would have given you close to that if you didn't write it as required. Bad after taste.Tldr; there are some solid dishes. But overall, there are better places than here, such as Cote. The service and the lack of customer obsession was disappointing.
#REVIEW#This review is only for the midnight ramen, which was delicious. On Friday and Saturday nights, they serve a beef ramen from 12-1am with broth that has been cooking all day. It's only by reservation, so be sure to make one before you go! Definitely worth trying.
#REVIEW#It's better to go with a group of 4-6 ppl and make your reservation. This is a very small shop - so once it opens, it will get very crowded. We were told to wait for two hours as we got there. Eventually, it took us 1.5 hours. Their whole menu is about beef. The left side of the menu (if I remembered that correctly) is the special menu. We had Hokkaido Scallop from it. (pic 2 - front). They helped us cut it into pieces and taught us how to grill. This turned out to be delicious. The meat was served with special sauce. The sauce wouldn't get too strong. Just perfect combination. We also had Kalbi (US Angus Premium short rib) and tongue. Tongue is my favorite part. If you got extra pieces of meat on the grill and you don't want to overcook them, remember to put the meat on the four sides on the grill - so they will stay warm and wait for you. For dessert, we shared a matcha ice cream - it was so delicious! They gave you a lot of matcha sauce to pour over the ice cream. Matcha was very rich and it was not sweet at all!
