#NAME#Fogo de Chao Brazilian Steakhouse
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/fogo-de-chao-brazilian-steakhouse-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#brazilian,steak#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I've been to this steakhouse 3 times for churrasco and I've enjoyed it immensely every time. I'm not able to eat a lot but I still find it worth the price. I love that there's a huge spread of salad, veggies, pickles, and sides to go along with the meat. I've also discovered that I am in love with the VIK Eulila red blend, only sold in Fogo de Chao  It's delicious and I rue the fact that it's exclusive there.I'd recommend the top sirloin in terms of meat, endives from the buffet, and Eulila to pair
#REVIEW#Going to start by saying the food itself was great. Definitely try the cheesy bread and caramelised bacon. Just amazing. The meat is cooked perfectly (albeit the filet mignon not being as tender as it should be). The main problem was the service itself. If you're going as a couple - be prepared to sit under the stairs (that's where all the 2 people places are). The stairs wasn't the issue itself, it's that the meat never gets to you. By the time they reach you (or are meant to), they need to reheat or outright get a new slice, which most of the time meant they would start from the top again and repeat said process. Towards the end I got frustrated and had to keep asking the waiters to explicitly bring various meats to the table because otherwise they'd never reach us.So takeaways from this:Food is 10/10Service is 2/10If you plan to go then go with 3+ people to be seated where they will reach you.
#REVIEW#I frequently enjoy the Los Angeles location but this was my first time here in NYC. We went to celebrate father's day early and we tried the "experience" all you can eat bbq. While the food was very good, the overall dining experience was just okay. For the reputation and price, I expect a higher caliber of service. I think the experience was derailed from the beginning when the hostess seemed rude and like she didn't care for her job. The overall atmosphere of the restaurant was not very comfortable nor welcoming. Can't ignore the great chefs and menu though, so three stars ...
#REVIEW#Very nice experience. The decor and ambiance was amazing. All of the waiters were very helpful and friendly, except when my friend had to ask 2 different waiters for a drink she ordered 20 minutes prior. The food was great. The salad bar had a nice variety and the meat options were great. The chicken was a little dry but the steak was perfect. The mashed potatoes were good and the plantains were very sweet. We also had dessert; tres leches cake and molten cake were perfect options. They provide a lot of food so come with an empty stomach.
#REVIEW#Fantastic service, Friday night June 28h the bartender gave us an amazing service- a wow service. The minute we walked in he acknowledged us and he asked what we wanted and offered a menu..My drink was over the moon and the bartender extraordinary-thank you!
#REVIEW#OMG!  This place so good!  We arrived early and they were able to accommodate us! The food was delicious and the prices were wonderful! I loved the way this place looks inside and out!  It's a must try!!!!
#REVIEW#I'm in love with this place! All-you-can-eat steakhouse? Sign me up! Just thinking about the waiters slicing off tender, succulent pieces of beef onto the plate makes my mouth water. They have so many different cuts, from top sirloin to filet mignon to filet wrapped in bacon. There's also a couple types of lamb. Wouldn't recommend getting any of the chicken or pork (even if they are delicious), because you're there to eat beef!! You can ask for some accompanying sauce as well. Both the green (chimichurri) and red sauce are amazing. It's always a shame when you first sit down and they bring the warm, cheesy bread because it's so tempting but you don't want to eat too many pieces and get full on that. 1 or 2 at most. The garlic mashed potatoes side is also irresistible. Then head over to the market table, which has a nice diversity of items for accompaniment. Roasted vegetables, chickpeas, cheese, fruit to eat after the main course.Dinner price is $66.95 per person which is on the pricier side. I've never been there for the $42.95 lunch before but would definitely try to go at some point
#REVIEW#We just came for dessert (lol) but the desserts are incredible! We paid an exorbitant amount for dessert but it was totally worth it. If you ever have room after eating the unlimited dinner -- the dessert is a must try!
#REVIEW#Went to Fogo de Chao for dinner and had their 'Churrasco Experience' and I enjoyed every single part of it. And that's from the service to the food to the experience.You start off with the salad bar that provides more than just salads and various toppings. It also had several other sides includes rice and beans,bacon,soups,etc.The salad bar was amazing but don't fill up just on that. Once you get back to the table you can flip your sign and the servers will come by with various meats that they slice off onto your plate. They have everything from steak,to chicken,lamb,sausage,etc.It is all you can eat so the meat keeps coming until you are full.I definitely loved my dinner experience here and will 100% return once again!!
#REVIEW#Came here during a weekday and made a reservation for 8:30PM online. They're quite busy, so make sure you reserve in advance so you're guaranteed a decent time.The place itself is big with two floors. They sat us at an excellent table and explained the menu. We did the $70 rodízio deal that came with a buffet of good appetizers and fresh fruit. The salad bar was a lot bigger than most of the rodízio spots I've visited prior and everything on there that we tried was delicious. The meats came back to back! They're a lot faster than anywhere else I've gone to. They were very generous with the portions and the meat was so well-seasoned and perfectly cooked. Unlike other reviews I've seen, the waiters with the better cuts were frequenting all the tables. I must have had filet mignon and the picanha at least 4 times. I didn't try one thing that was over cooked and they were very good about giving us meat that was cooked as requested. Highly recommended restaurant. Great for families, friends, or date night. Plus, a cool add-on was that I won a free dessert from their scratch-off promo. Didn't get to use it this time (we were stuffed) but would def use it again soon.
#REVIEW##delicious #delicious #delicious omg!!! To the seasoned candy bacon!!!!!! Waiters were attentive and came by our table with different meats and they were all delicious!!! The salad bar was all fresh and beautifully presented with so many options!!!
#REVIEW#Went here for a quick lunch at work. I can tell you it's not a place you want to have a quick lunch! I can actually tell you that it's a place you won't want to leave! The food is amazing and the lunch price is very reasonable. It's Brazilian steak house so the food just keeps on coming. You literally eat like a king here and I couldn't recommend this venue enough. It has large bars and plenty of seating in the main dining area. You enter on the ground floor and descend below the street to enter the dinning area. Very nice and clean place.
#REVIEW#I came here on a weekend with a bunch of friends. Let me start of by saying experiencing a Brazilian Steakhouse is something you have to try. That being said, the second we sat down we were bombarded with meat. I understand thats the type of place it is but let us get settled in first. All the meats were pretty good. (lamb being the best) They try to fill you up on cheaper types of meats by bringing them out first. Also salad bar was also nothing to rave around. I would recommend this restaurant for the experience not the food.
#REVIEW#I discovered Fogo De Chao during my visit to Puerto Rico and absolutely loved it! They were amazing! Great customer service and the food was sssooo fresh and tasty. Good for children and families. My ten year old rave how amazing it was and would like to go back. As soon as I got back to NYC, I looked up Fogo De Chao and found they had a New York location. I made reservations through Opentable for my father birthday dinner in advance.So day of our reservation, I was contemplating on changing my reservation because my father had a broken his foot and had crutches. I knew it would be difficult to get around the market table, but I didn't want him to miss out on a Brazilian Steakhouse experience so I keep the reservation as is.Our reservation was on Thursday evening, It seem like they had a DJ and a nice crowd in for happy hour by the bar, music was on point. The dining  room is down one level they had a long staircase leading down, they also have elevators which we took. The hostess wanted to seat us far away from the market table and I'm thinking how I have to go back and forth for my father plate then mine. Then came Rogerio to the rescue, He waves down the hostess to seat us literally next to the market table. Thank you Rogerio for helping us out and being attentive. Francisco was our waiter and he was very sweet and always came to our table to check on us. Always asked if we needed anything and even asked if we had a favorite meat so he can send the server with that particular meat our way, which I thought was a great question to ask us. He even sent a dessert for my father birthday which was very thoughtful.Thank you to everyone who service us, your hospitality was amazing!
#REVIEW#I came for my 1st time on a Friday after work. To start when I walked in I loved the decorum of this restaurant.  Very nice. I had a 615pm reservation but arrived at 545pm so I decided to get some happy hour drinks. The cucumber mint smash was amazing. A refreshing cool after work cocktail. The mango Habanero was also Very good.  The bartender was attentive and served me and my guest right away. At 610pm I checked in to get my table and was seated right away. The hostess was pleasant.We get to the table and our server came to us immediately.  I didn't even get a chance to sit down yet. Lol. But I thought that was great service.The salad bar was good. A nice variety of selections and tasty. Now for the meat selection. The bacon wrapped filet was oh so good. The picana was seasoned and tender. The garlic sirloin also very good. The lamb another amazing taste of meat. The pork rib lacked seasoning and flavor but was tender. Never got to try any beef ribs. Was very disappointed. It would have been 5 starts but there was one server who had the filet and picana but he kept passing us by although we had the green side up. We had to stop him every time. Felt intentional but again I did not let it ruin everything else that was good.I will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#One of my all time favorite restaurants. Decided to hit up this place with some friends after comiccon.Food: I've been to this location exactly 3 times. My first Fugo experience was actually in Brazil. Sometimes the meat is done to perfection and sometimes the meat is a little too rare. The flavor is always on point though.Price: I would round up to maybe $70 per person. Not a bad price for a night out in NYC. I feel it is justified based on the quality of meat.  Service:  Service is a hit and miss. I had on point service from this chain and I've had service where the waitress looked lost. Parking: $$$ cause its NYC. Fun Note: Once upon a time in Brazil, they had told me they only Brazilian natives to work at Fugo. Don't know if this still applies but that was 10+ years ago.
#REVIEW#Micheal served us (a group of 12 ravenous individuals) with excellent attentiveness and friendly conversation. Hands down a delicious place to eat, and I recommend the bottom sirloin and prime sirloin to try during this experience!Kudos to the restauraunt for making this NY trip a memorable one.
#REVIEW#Came here with my girlfriend to have dinner for our last day while staying in south beach. Overall we had a very good experience here. The selection of meats for the rodizio was amazing. We started with the salad bar and then went on to flip the button over to the green side so we can begin to enjoy what we came here for. The first item we tried was the filet and it was one of the best cuts we've ever had. Then we tried lamb chops (sad to say we only got to try it one time, as it was delicious. Nobody ever came around with it more than that one time). Then we had top sirloin which was tasty. The bottom sirloin tasted better than the top sirloin, even though most times I'd say the opposite. The Parmesan-crusted pork was amazing and I wish I was able to eat pork more often than I do. The churrasco was too bloody so I gave it another try the next time around and that piece was a perfect medium. The pork rib seemed a bit dry and the bacon-wrapped chicken and beef were also a bit dry. The ribeye had lots of flavor and I enjoyed every bit of it. The staff were all great and I learned that the restaurant also has a NYC location and I plan on making a reservation to go there within the next few months. I definitely recommend this Brazilian steakhouse. Well-worth the wait for a table and definitely worth the money !I am looking forward to more experiences at this restaurant, whether I'll be in NY or Miami.
#REVIEW#Great experience and great selection of apps. Would definitely recommend this place. Their rib eye was a tad fat but overall, it was cooked til perfection. The lamb chops were also very tender. Salad bar had a great choice of variety,however, I do wish they would have more fruits. The environment was great. Dim lights, salad bar, business casual attire. The service was great as well. Whenever we requested for a certain type of meat we were craving for, they deliver within minutes. Would definitely come again. Great experience.
#REVIEW#For an idea that could very easily become a gimmick, Fogo de Chao does a decent job. Not perfect, but better than satisfactory.I met some friends for dinner at about 6:00 on a weekend. Some in the party were very late (their fault), but the restaurant was gracious in accommodating us.Churrascaria restaurants are known for their quantity of food, but I wasn't expecting the quality at Fogo. The full experience is expensive but worth it. The meat was cooked perfectly, though too salty (and I like salt). As many reviews have stated, the buffet is way better than your average salad bar. Our waiter recommended the rice and beans, and I'm glad he did - I'd say the rice and beans were some of the best food I had that night. They were remarkably good.Aside from the salty meat (nbd), I have two quibbles with Fogo de Chao. One is their beverage service. They had some South American take on a Manhattan that was not good. If "South American" means "sweet like an Old Fashioned", then fine. Otherwise, no. Also, I would have liked a digestif after all that meat. After checking with the bar, our waiter sheepishly told me all they had was limoncello. Again, no.Second is the bathroom space for a restaurant that big. I could find only one bathroom on the ground floor, with one urinal, and one toilet. When the ground floor easily sits 100-150 diners. One last time - no.But yes on the food. I'd come back to Fogo, absolutely if I wanted churrascaria, but even if I just wanted a good meal.
