#NAME#Sakagura
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sakagura-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#swiggity swooshi they got some really good sushifriendly service, and the dinner for 2 multi-course special was amazing
#REVIEW#It was a cool place, went on a Tuesday around 10 so naturally it was dead. Good service for the most part, food was good as well. Good sake bottles. The prices were too expensive. It was 7 of us and they charged a 50 per plate minimum. Ended up spending 85$. Beef tataki was good, blackened cod was good - was like butter but taste was ok, tuna sashimi was very freshI would probably not go back with a big group and onlyIf I'm In the area. Didn't wow me.
#REVIEW#Went there for a night out with my girl friends. The place is located inside of the building on the lower level. If my friend didn't mention about it prior, I'd probably gotten lost :p We had sashimi and a couple of small dishes. The sashimi was really fresh and everything we had was so delicious! Also they have a wide range of sake. Overall I'm very happy with this place and I'd come back.
#REVIEW#Probably the best izakaya in NYC. We used to frequent Aburiya Kinnosuke, but it has gone way downhill since it's ownership change. Nearby Soba Totto has also dropped off dramatically since it was sold to new owners. Very few of the staff can speak Japanese and selection has declined along with quality. Too bad that new owners cannot maintain the quality and authenticity. BTW, Sakagura has opened an outpost in the East Village, but that restaurant has not yet come up to the level of Sakagura in Midtown
#REVIEW#The grilled eggplant here is pretty amazing. They serve three kinds with different kinds of sauces, and I really enjoyed the sweet/savory combination.The beef tongue stew is also really tasty and warming; it was braised well and the tongue was tender.The fatty tuna tartare was kind of small in portion, and I thought the tofu salad was just ok, nothing special.Still, Sakagura is a cool place to come to because it's in the basement of an office building. Love it!
#REVIEW#This place was great and what a cool idea to have a restaurant tucked into the basement of an office lobby. One thing - not the best cell service, because you're in a basement, duh. So if you need your phone, stay away. If you're looking to make your taste buds smile in a Japanese sort of speakeasy, then this is the place for you. My girlfriend and I shared the pork belly appetizer which was just perfect. It melted in your mouth and the sauce the pork belly was glazed with was sweet and paired well with the pork belly. We also had the spicy codfish roe; I would go back for this again and again. The most tender roe, it seriously is so good. Please give this a chance anytime you see it on a menu. For our mains, I did the hot udon soup and my girlfriend got the salmon chirashi bowl. Her bowl looked amazing!! A great serving size and she said it was delicious. I was sort of food jealous. My udon was tasty and the brother was nice. The noodles had a good texture, but there wasn't much to the soup. It had very good flavor overall, but I wouldn't recommend it as your main meal (and I'm not sure they do either) Service was great and the staff was friendly. The tea served at the end is suuuuper hot but so delicious. I love that tea. I also think this place is really affordable for the quality and experience. I'll definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Such a great place. Underground so no cell service (which helps you focus and enjoy the delicious food and sake). Get there early for the lunch special and get first dibs on the limited lunch special of the day. World's most comfortable bathroom (heated seats, oil diffuser, and peaceful music).  Be transported to Japan when you submerge the steps into the abyss of this gem. ***Real Japanese***
#REVIEW#Solid food. Great service. Amazing atmosphere. It's great for both lunch and dinner.I wish I put more effort into crawling out of my comfort zones (aka downtown Manhattan) and venturing up north, into the land of the confused tourists more to visit Sakagura, my favorite place on earth. It visits me in my dreams instead, that's how good it is (*´｀*)P. s. I could not find any recent photos, so here are pics of my lunch at Sakagura on Jan 3rd, 2018.
#REVIEW#Some of my colleagues and I were looking for dinner after a long day of conferences. We made a pit stop to have a few drinks but were looking for something with more sustenance. Someone in my group suggested Sakagura, as she had been there before with good things to say. I'm always up for trying new places, so I was looking forward to checking this place out for myself. Sakagura is not visible from the street - 211 E 43rd St presents as an office building at face value (which is probably is); but once you enter and let the guard know where you're going, there's a stairwell that leads down the basement. The generic office aesthetics continue until you finally reach the restaurant itself. We didn't have a reservation, but luckily we only waited around 30 minutes (maybe a little less) for a table - a score on a Friday night. The decor of the restaurant is the total opposite of the building it was in. There was a warmer, more natural aesthetic - it read Japanese restaurant without it being too much in your face. Sakagura specializes in Japanese cuisine with a focus on providing a vast number of sake. We sampled a few and they were all very food. We also tried some plum wine which was sweet but good. The menu has a number of options, and collectively we decided to order a number of small-ish plates and share. Overall, we got the peppers, chicken meatballs, tuna, cold noodles, fried chicken, squid, grilled calamari, and this rice that was topped with accents which we were able to roll into our own sushi. Everything tasted super fresh - I was a bit outside of my comfort zone with some of the dishes but I really appreciated the meal as a whole. We finished off the meal with black sesame creme brûlée and matcha cheesecake which were both good; not too sweet and a nice finisher to the meal. Service was great, we were attended to promptly throughout the night and all the food came out at a good pace. Overall, I had a great time at Sakagura; they delivered the aesthetics, the food was good, and the service was on point. I wouldn't say I'm running back here, but the experience as a whole is definitely worth checking out at least once.
#REVIEW#Love the food! Especially the dessert and special rice which we waited for 40min. It's a little bit hard to find the place but it's definitely worth it!
#REVIEW#Food was amazing! Service was slow. I ordered the $39 lunch set, which included the below:Sashimi - very fresh and amazing. Loved all the choices as well Grilled beef - this tasted like fancy teriyaki beef. Very good though! Tempura - amazing!! So light and crunchy. Did not leave a greasy aftertaste Miso fish - this was sweet and also delicious. Not dried out. Black sesame ice cream - this was not that great; tasted like vanilla ice cream with black sesame sprinkled and then stirred in throughoutReally bad cell reception since it's in the basement so beware if you're trying to contact or meet up with people while waiting in line.
#REVIEW#When you want All The Sakes.Seriously, the sake list here is *exceptional*.  Mind you, if you're not crazy, you'll end up losing your shirt - the prices on quite a few of these (very good!) sakes can be up there!  Then again if you pay attention, you can work your way through quite a few sakes without breaking the bank The food here is long on munchies (think of the place as, kinda, sorta, an izakaya). That said though, the munchies are invariably very very good, lending themselves to a fun evening of noshing and sake.All that said given a choice, I'd rather go to their other location (Sakagura East), the bar is more conducive to a communal experience. But, then again, this *is* near Grand Central, so if you're in the 'hood....
#REVIEW#Amaazing food, with so many options! Small plates, hot plates, fried plates, steamed/grilled/etc everything on their menu looks delicious.Seaweed salad: delish, fresh, dressing isn't too overpowering.Lotus root: loved!!! good to accompany with the other dishes.Cod: highly recommend. fish is flaky, almost melt in your mouth kind of feeling.Ebi sticks: sort of like fried shrimp fries with a sriracha like sauce. Fun and delicious to eat.Sashimi: loved our fish. I like the option of getting the variety. Comes in a beautiful looking contraption. Creme brulee sesame dessert: WOW. So good. Comes with a crunchy sesame crisp on top. Matcha ice cream: delish. This isn't too sweet which I loved. They don't take last minute reservations. I was able to get one day of for a Sunday evening dinner. There is a sushi bar as well as lots of tables. Dimly lit, they lead you behind curtains past the host stand. Pretty large space for a NYC restaurant. Located in the basement of what looks like an office building. Great for dates, groups, business meetings even. Extensive sake list. They have options for 1/2 carafes, bottles, glass, etc. Sapporo, Asahi, a Japanese (5x??) IPA, a malty Japanese beer, and some others. Also some Japanese whiskeys available. I believe you can do a sake flight. Great service. They timed the dishes perfectly. All the food was fresh, can't wait to come back and try their soba! Also for the lunch specials. (Come early!)
#REVIEW#Sakagura:Recommendation:1.GYUTAN YAWARAKA NI (Beef Tongue Stew)2.Chocolate souffle3.KAMO ROAST NEGIMAKI (Chilled Roasted Duck slices)4.Salmon collar(seasonal dish)A very popular restaurant!
#REVIEW#Literally have not been back for dinner since 2014, but no matter. Their lunch specials are a gem.I've literally been here 50+ times of lunch. Every day they have a limited portion of $12.50 rice bowls of various toppings that come with your choice of warm or cold soba. Thursday is always chirashi (great deal!) and Friday is always stewed beef with a demi-glace sauce (good, but not amazing). If you dine between 11:30 and 12:00 PM, you can get a stamp card that gives you benefits (free dessert or free lunch specials). The $12.50 lunch special usually runs out before 12:00-12:15, so come early if you want to partake (otherwise you'll have to order from the regular lunch menu, which is $16-18 per person). Love it love it love it!! People who work in Midtown East are soooo lucky :)
#REVIEW#Oh Sakagura, you are officially my new favorite Izakaya spot in NYC! Tucked at the basement of E 43rd St., this is a hidden gem for date nights, casual night outs, etc. Some highlights from the dinner menu:1. Buta Kakuni - pork belly braised tender (5/5). Good for having on your own or sharing it with one other person. 2. Agedashi tofu - love the soy sauce and broth that they served the tofu with! A straight 5/5, it's good for 2-3 people per order. 3. Onigiri - there are a few topping options, but my favorite is the salmon roe (4.5/5).4. Grilled salmon (4/5) - pretty good grilled salmon to share with the party. Overall, I would definitely come back when I'm craving for a good Izakaya in NYC. I would also love to check out their sashimi, chawanmushi, etc. I did try the noodle, though it was just fine. Tip: like many popular restaurants in NYC, advanced RSVP is strongly recommended.
#REVIEW#This place was actually very difficult to find. It's located inside an office building on the basement floor. Don't mistake it for the place at street level that also serves soba. Sakagura only serves the lunch set on weekdays, which I've been dying to try. I came at 1240 and still had some, even though they limit to 30 a day. Lunch set of the day was hayashi rice, hashed beef over rice. Beef was tender and mushy, quite delicious, almost like a curry. The cold soba with the dip was also fantastic. Lots of flavor in the broth yet still very light. I'd highly recommend trying lunch for a very affordable experience that is also filling.
#REVIEW#3.5 stars for the food, 4 stars for the service, 5 stars for the ambience. When you walk in, it's like you've been transported to Japan, it doesn't feel like you're in the basement at all. I recommend making a reservation, as there were people lined up for dinner before the door even opened at 6pm.In terms of food, I liked the uni soba. The sashimi was also fresh, but definitely on the pricey side ($60, I think). Everything else was kind of forgettable, I.e. braised project belly, beef tataki...From what I gathered, it's more of an after work drinking establishment. Lots of lone diners at their long bar.
#REVIEW#After seven years we gave one more chance to Sakagura. This was the last chance. The portions were tiny, it was a joke. The waiter was pushy, unbearable. An uncomfortable dinner. The place looks old, dirty, forgotten. Many tables were empty. They rely on their fame and the quality is bad. A bad rating.  Beware of their selling style of the sake menu, they played with us, and they wanted to sell us the most expensive sakes.
#REVIEW#Sakagura has some of the best lunch specials in the business. My go to is the jewel box bento. Though, it is hard to pass up the soba, which is brought in from their other restaurant, soba ya where it is homemade. I prefer the lunch to the dinner, which tends to feature a rather frustratingly limited menu compared to some of the other izakayas in its class. The quality of all the dishes is excellent, though. And the sake selection is unparalleled.
