#NAME#Saigon Shack
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/saigon-shack-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sandwiches,coffee,salad#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Can't recommend this place enough! I love that $5 Classic Bahn Mi deal, it's always so fresh. The baguette is perfect - crunchy on the outside and warm on the inside. The warm meat inside the sandwich is the perfect complement to the crunchy, cold veggies. It's also $5 which is an unbeatable price. Much healthier than other meals you could get for $5 around New York. I've also had the pork over vermicelli noodles and the flavouring was delish. It was also affordable at $10 but I usually stick with the sandwich just because it's so cheap. I've also had the Thai tea and coffee which are both really good, they're not sickeningly sweet but still retain that nice condensed milk flavour.  Things to know: They only take cash and they don't take reservations. It is always VERY busy here. I've been here on random weekday afternoons (like 3-4 pm) and evenings (9-10 pm) when you would think there wouldn't be a wait for a table but there usually is. They're really good about getting people in and out so pro is that you won't wait long, con is that you may feel a bit rushed. Take out is super fast though. Regardless - the prices and food here is unbeatable.
#REVIEW#This is 100% (in my opinion) the best pho in NYC. I have had an extremely hard time finding good Pho in New York. Saigon Shack doesn't take reservations so you have to put your name in in advance. I have had days (typically when the weather is nice) when I get in right away and I have had other days where I have waited up to 2 hours. I blame the weather. I have only ever ordered the Fresh Spring Roles here and the Pho but I can strongly recommend both. The service here is always very on top of it and the food is always just what you're craving. 10/10 recommend.
#REVIEW#Five stars for a delicious, filling sandwich for only $5!  The price point and quality of food canNOT be beat.The SS Classic is a savory mix of well flavored meats, crunchy sweet carrots, and refreshing cucumber.  So satisfying!!  Come here- you will not be disappointed. **cash only**
#REVIEW#Hear so much about this place and decided to come for a visit and I was very impressed! The only pho I had in the states that is comparable to those in Hanoi! To further simulate the authenticity, they even make it cash only Their spicy short rib pho was downright phenomenal.  First, they were generous by packing a bowl full of tender and slide-right-off-the-bone meat. The flavor of the broth was absolutely delicious and perfectly seasoned. I drank almost all of their broth even though it was hot outside The noodle texture was cooked just right - I felt like I was back in the street of Vietnam!. Don't get me wrong, their classic pho tasted great as well; but if you want to switch it up from the classic, I would recommend trying the spicy beef ribs pho.You can tell they know exactly how good their pho is. In fact, I felt they were so confident that they might guarantee you would like it or money back. The price is reasonable and the service was quick. No surprise the line was constantly out the door.
#REVIEW#The first time I came here I got the grilled pork banh mi which was sososoooo good!!! It was a little burnt around the edges but I just cut those parts off! This time around I got the vegetarian option over rice (no bean sprouts bc I hate raw bean sprouts ). It was SO flavorful and it felt like I was eating real meat!! I was shook...PLUS it was so much food I took half of it home as leftovers!! Wauw 10/10 amazing
#REVIEW#Cash only! The SS Classic Bahn Mi is FANTASTIC. So flavorful, generous amounts of meat, marinated carrot salad, and cucumber in addition to cilantro and optional jalapeños only added to the "spicy" sandwich at no extra cost I think. Pho was nice and light. It came out popping hot and was served with fresh bean sprouts, semi-fresh basil and lime slices. Employees work very hard turning over so many customers. They deserve a good tip and should be respected. They keep your water filled despite the line out the door and the constant organized chaos of the restaurant.
#REVIEW#We've tried so many times to dine here but to no avail. There's always a line and even if we wanted to wait, the "wait time" isn't justifiable. But we were lucky this time to be told that we would be seated in less than 10 minutes.This place is cash only. No reservation, no alcohol and there's always a wait, so plan your visit in advance to avoid disappointment. I did not find this place a date night place or romantic but rather just  a good place to eat delicious Vietnamese cuisine.We were seated at the bar (what's the purpose of a bar devoid of alcohol). Our waiter came to get our orders and since the menu is small it didn't take us a lot of thinking to decide what to have. We started with crispy summer spring rolls with pork, shrimps and vegetables served with dipping sauce. My eyes caught the grilled pork chop over rice while my partner tried Pho Bo. They were served in a timely fashion and it was delicious.To be honest, I've eaten in many Vietnamese restaurants. As a matter of fact I even spent two weeks in Vietnam and I felt that I do have the authority to say that nothing really stood out here but nothing to dislike either, hence the 3 star. So, if I crave for Vietnamese food next time, Saigon Shack will not be the first that comes to mind!
#REVIEW#Absolutely delicious! Worth the 20 min wait, sometimes no wait at all. The bahn mi is phenomenal, warm and toasty with the right amount of crisp and sharpness. Also had the chicken pho, also very delicious with the perfect amount of noodles. Just GO
#REVIEW#Pho real, this has banh mi best Vietnamese place in NYC! The food deserves the long lines to get in: Fresh bone broth, quality meat, wonderful summer rolls, and Vietnamese coffee so strong that ATF May have to come in and classify it as a rocket fuel.Is it the best pho I've ever had? No. Pho Vn of Boynton Beach, Florida, still reigns as the Prince of Pho. Pretty close to the best? Eighth, likely. Given the number of pho joints that I've been to, that's still outstanding!The cozy little dining Room has a few two tops, a community table, and a bunch of counter seating. Parties of one or two? It's for you! Four? You may wait awhile at their door. More? The community table is sweet, but, if it's full, you may wait a long time on the street. They do something, which is, I'm sure, for the nanosecond NYC lunch hour, a kindness, in taking your order as you get closer to being seated. It helps them flip tables, too. For my poor southern-transplanted, enjoy the chew kind of view, though, it felt more than a bit rushed.  I barely got my bag hung up on the hook under the bar, and it came. Much like a woman from this very neighborhood, whom I dated, all of twice, a few billion years ago, who had much the same problem , there was not a lot of time to savor the moment.Maybe they're recreating the bustling atmosphere of a true Saigon restaurant.
#REVIEW#If you like Vietnamese food, you'll like Saigon Shack.  The food is clean and well prepared.   The places is clean and for New York spacious and comfortable.  This has a strong NYU student presence not only because of its proximity but because this is a good value with Bahn Mis starting at $5 and huge bowls of good pho for $10.I went with classic beef pho and could barley finish it all.   Broth is good and the beef is raw brisket that cooks in the broth.  The sweet potato fries looked good for $5 and so did the Peking duck bahn mi for $13. This place is just south of Washington square park or just east of the W 4 subway stop.  This is a good value lunch for Manhattan.  Go when it's later like after 2 and you can get seated right away.  Cash only.Gets very busy.
#REVIEW#Just bought and ate the Grilled Pork Bahn Mi. No seats and we had to bring home food for my mom, but it's no surprise that Saigon Shack is crowded. I have never once passed by and seen it empty. I've gotten the Pho here and it's good, but wow I absolutely loved the Bahn Mi. The Grilled Pork was so juicy and tender, and we made it spicy. It was packed with good heat cooled down by the pickled carrots. I'm just upset I didn't get a photo, it smelled so good I just dug in and inhaled it!!
#REVIEW#Saigon Shack is a quick-serve, sit-down Vietnamese spot right below Washington Square Park. Despite being in prime NYU territory, they turn out solid food at a low price point.I've come twice now during peak times (1 pm and 7 pm on Saturdays) and have had about half hour waits for a party of 3. Service is very good at getting you in and out. The vibe is casual and busy, though it's a surprisingly photogenic space with lots of old wood.Pho starts at $10 and goes up to $16; banh mi are mostly around $9. Their beef pho broth is okay, a little on the light side, but the spicy broth is way better and more flavorful. Their eye round beef and brisket are pretty good; skip the beef balls. On the banh mi side, I've only tried their vegetarian version, a soy-based protein that's quite good.Overall, Saigon Shack serves well as a reasonably priced pre-event meal with friends. Though their food is all well-executed, I can't say I'd come here so often if it didn't have the convenient location it does.
#REVIEW#I was told that this is an amazing Vietnamese place to eat at. I should have read the reviews to know that this isn't authentic Vietnamese food. I ordered vegetable spring rolls and thats when I knew this was fushion Vietnamese food. My vegetable soring rolls came with soy sauce instead of fish sauce. And the eggroll was stuffed like a chinese egg roll..with cabbage instead of tofu and vermicelli noodles. I didn't order the pho because it was too hot to eat soup. Although my friends had said to order it when I get there. I got a fish banh mi. And was disappointed. Vietnamese banh mi's most important ingredient is the baguette. I was disappointed with the bread. The fish lacked flavor.The shrimp bun with pork eggroll was ok. But you get only 6 shrimps. Service was fine. The place was cute. We didn't wait long for a table.
#REVIEW#Hands down, best viet food in NYC. It's a small place and there's always a line, we finally got in after 3rd tries. We got the shrimp summer roll which was good and fresh, they used pickled radish carrot with some lettuce instead of mints Like other places which was good. Fried Crab cake, I didn't care for. Nothing special about it, thought it's a bit dry. The papaya and mango salad with chicken was bland, grilled chicken was good but the veggies didn't have much taste with the sesame dressing. We got two bowls of pho to share, one is the spicy short rib pho which was amazing and the Saigon shack with different cuts of beef, I don't normally eat it because they would taste beefy but not this one. Their pork chop banh mi was the best, pork chop was tasty and juicy
#REVIEW#Hypes: - best pho I've had in a while. Flavorful and fresh, comes with toppings, super hot and steamy as I likeIt. - solid banh mi. I got the spicy beef and it was perfectly spiced with carrots and a toasted bread that didn't get soggy - ample seating and high chairs for kids Gripes: - lines can get long even at 1130 on a weekday. There has always been a wait here
#REVIEW#***Vegetarian ReviewWe decided to try this place out because it was one of the few things still open after midnight. Unfortunately it was closed early for the day without warning. Our fault for not calling in, but I would hope that the restaurant could put some sort of update on their website or social media if this is happening.When we eventually got to try the food, I thought that the vegetarian sandwich was just okay. I had high hopes for the food here since I'm always looking to find a similar shop to my all-time favorite - Saigon Sandwich in SF. I thought that the seitan was an interesting texture, but I actually prefer the flavors from Num Pang more. The sandwich wasn't bad, but I've had much much better bahn mis elsewhere.Another downside of the restaurant is that it's CASH ONLY. I believe the closest ATM has a fee, so remember to bring cash.
#REVIEW#This is my favorite spot for a satisfying bowl of pho on a cold day. Good price, location, portion size, and overall taste.The house pho is always the way to go at every pho place and this one is no exception. I've been here twice and gotten the Saigon Shack pho both times. The meat to noodle ratio is amazing and the broth is super flavorful without tasting extremely MSG-laden (you can tell based on how much water you drink throughout the meal). The portion size is surprisingly large and can feed two people if you're both not super hungry. Great portion for the price, which is very reasonable given the convenient location. Service is always super fast and this place is always packed.The only downside (and this depends on your preferences) is that the meat is very lean and doesn't have much fat on it. Again, this might be a pro for those who don't like fattier meat.
#REVIEW#I still like the pho here the most. I think it's a great casual place to just grab a quick bite. There's always a line on the weekend but if you go before 11am the line is usually super short or none at all. This is a comfort food place for me. A warm bowl of noodle soup and some summer rolls can make your whole mood better! The service is always fast because they want a quick turnover rate for their restaurant.I always order the class beef pho and pork summer rolls. The broth of the soup is very yummy and the summer rolls have bbq pork in them with vermicelli and pickled vegetables. The sauce they give you with the rolls is a peanut sauce. The Vietnamese iced coffee is also very delicious. They serve cafe du monde coffee in various styles. Make sure to check it out if you want a bowl of soup!
#REVIEW#Best banh mi I've had outside of Vietnam. I tried Saigon Shack for the first time this past Thursday, and my friend and I liked it so much that we went back on Saturday! So far I've tried the grilled pork chop banh mi, the classic banh mi, and the fried vegetable dumplings.The grilled pork banh mi was truly phenomenal. It came with two thicc slabs of grilled pork, and plenty of carrots, cucumbers, and cilantro. I got it "spicy," which was dumb because it was too spicy for me, but it came with lots of jalepenos too. The combination of the fresh cilantro and the salty, flavorful pork was heavenly. Also, the sandwich was huge! I ate half for lunch and had the other half for dinner, and I was sufficiently full both times. This place is super cost-effective, especially if you consider that each meal is enough for two meals. The classic banh mi was also quite good--I don't normally like pate or ham, so idk what possessed me to order that (probably the 5$ price tag)--but I actually really liked it! Again, it was big enough for my friend and I to split one. We also tried the fried vegetable dumplings. If you're vegetarian, don't get these because they had meat in them, but if you aren't, they're delicious--so crispy and the sauce adds a nice zing.My friend tried the vegetarian banh mi after reading on Yelp that it's "the best one on the menu" and reported that the hype was true.While picking up our orders, we also noticed that the pho looked tantalizing and that the iced coffee looked delicious as well. I'll definitely be back more times!
#REVIEW#Small little pho shop serving delicious food means there's almost always a wait, but it's well worth it! The wait actually moves pretty fast and they text you to let you know you're close so you can leave and walk around. The shop is cash only, quick service, and super friendly staff! My phone was dying and I needed to charge it, and although one of the servers told me they wouldn't be able to charge it for me, she went and lent me her own portable charger. SO nice of her!! The pho comes out piping hot and is pretty much the best thing ever on a cold night. Best of all, it comes out to only about $10/ bowl!!!
