#NAME#Pylos
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pylos-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#greek#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This is my favorite Greek restaurant in New York. I have tried most of them and I can tell you that this one delivers authentic food with some gourmet touch!The greek salad (horiatiki) was authentic and great! The Saganaki is a MUST! incredible, better than every saganaki I have tried. The moussaka was great too although it had zucchini instead of eggplant was surprisingly amazing. The octopus was ok, I had better, make sure you ask that is tender.And now the dessert, the galaktompourekakia were incredible.One of the best meals I had in New York. I have lived in NY for 7 years and I can say that this restaurant is one of the best.Lastly the prices are great especially taking consideration the incredible food quality.Highly recommended!
#REVIEW#Always love Pylos, the vibe was always great. Sat at the communal/bar table and thought it was a great idea and pleasant experience. Tomato Shrimp was absolutely delicious, perfect cooked tomato sauce hugged the fresh shrimp oh my yummmm. Whole Fish Branzino was tasty but nothing special like other places, maybe I should have ordered more of their signature dishes. Spinach Rice was also pretty good. Great selection of wine, we truly enjoyed.
#REVIEW#Lovely ambience. Good food. Nice service. A bit pricey.Portions are generous. The poikilia was superb as was the bronzini, as was the christos' towering galaktobourekakia for dessert which is not to be missed. I would probably skip the horiatiki salad.Should I go back I would have an appetizer followed by dessert (I'm not a big eater).Unfortunately, I'm still searching for the holy grail (a NYC restaurant where quiet conversation can take place). Tables here are close together and the noise level is on the loud side.
#REVIEW#I love pylos!!! Such a cute restaurant with delicious food.Very cozy in the back which is where I sat with my friend.This spot is definitely so cool how the present the salmon. It was in three rolls. Cooked so well and combined with rice was SO GOOD.
#REVIEW#Went here last night for the first time. It was crowded, but we were able to walk in for two and sit at the community table. All of our service was great, the food was fantastic. Tried the fried zucchini and eggplant, grilled octopus, and meatballs. The zucchini and eggplant should not be skipped, it is such a simple dish but very well executed! The vegetables are perfectly fried and seasoned, served with tzaziki that is also excellent. Meatballs also had great flavor, comes with a portion of 4 individual meatballs. The octopus was very good, wish there was more olive oil on this but it was grilled perfectly! They serve warm pita to start. For dinner, I ordered the shrimp and scallop pasta with a tomato cream sauce. I'm not sure what kind pasta they used, but it was a great shape and texture with the sauce. It comes with two large scallops and 4 large shrimp. Everything in the dish was delicious, definitely recommend! We also ordered the pork shank.. I'm not entirely sure what was in the dish but the work was fantastic. It was a very large portion, very tender and flavorful.This place would be great for a date, nice atmosphere. It would also be great for a group, they take restorations!
#REVIEW#I like the arugula salad, greek salad and zucchini fries. Most of the foods was good and service as well. Just don't like the ambiance of the restaurant.
#REVIEW#Whenever I'm in the mood for greek food Pylos is always on the top of my list. I came here for one of my birthdays and after that it's been my go to green restaurant. It's in LES so it's a perfect place to eat and then go drinking after. I haven't tried all the food but the few I've tried I loved. For appetizers I get their trio dips because there's complimentary bread for the table and the dips just go so perfect with it! The dip is called "poikilia" which comes with tzatziki (yogurt dip), taramosalata (fish roe dip). and melitzanosalata (eggplant dip). All the dips taste amazing but I loved the fish roe dip the best! They also give you a good serving of each dip.When I think of greek food I always think of the amazing octopus I love ordering. Pylos does their octopus great it's called the "htapothi scharas" with a balsamic reduction sauce and capers. I wish I took a picture of it but it's so good! For entrees I've ordered a bunch from the meat and fish sections. I love their lamb shank and their chicken. From the fish section I've tried their strip bass "lavraki me tsigarellia" which is a pistachio crusted filet of wild stripe bass served with chard and spinach cooked with celery, fennel, onions, tomatoes and crumbled feta. I loved the crust on this! It was such a big serving too. They have a pasta dish called "garides kai hteniame slatsa ouzo servirismena me hilopites" with shrimp and sea scallops in a creamy ouzo-flavored tomato sauce. served over greek egg noodles. This is so good! They also give you a good serving of shrimp and scallops. I hate when places give you 1 scallop. For dessert please order the "christos' towering galaktobourekakia"which comes with phyllo triangles filled with greek custard and drizzled with cinnamon and greek mountain honey. This is delicious! The honey and the crispy dough is so good! I ended up trying to scoop up all the honey on the plate! The service here is great and the wine list is pretty good. I was surprised by the wined offered in Greece they're pretty delicious!
#REVIEW#Loved this place! A friend and I shared the following:+ trio of dips, including tzaziki and taramosalata, which was amazing + saganaki (three fried greek cheeses), don't you dare skip this+ horiatiki salad (classic greek salad)+ octopus - this was a little bland+ lamb chops - the mini eggplants were sooo good + galaktobourekakia - perfectionService was great and the decor is really cool. Definitely one of the best Greek restaurants I've been to in nyc!
#REVIEW#Delicious greek food in an upscale setting, Pylos is a winner in my book! This place had been on my bookmarks for quite a while, and we randomly stepped in here one night, and left thoroughly impressed! The decor, ambiance, service - and of course the food were all top notch.To start off we got a couple of glasses of local greek wine which were good. For food, we had the beef puff pastry for appetizers, and the Ouzo shrimp and the pastitsio for mains. The shrimp were juicy, flavorful and well cooked, and the ouzo sauce was flavorful without being too tangy. The pastitsio is like a moussaka but made with layers of pasta and meat, topped off with a bechamel sauce. The pasta was nice and soft as it should be in this type of dish, and the robust meat sauce went well with the creamy bechamel. For dessert we got a mastika flavored pudding, which was nice but the berry topping was kind of the main flavor.Service was good, though I wish our server had done a better job of explaining to us what to expect from the Greek wines we ordered. Decor is classy and upscale, and the Greek elements throughout are well balanced without making it look tacky or losing the theme. Prices are a tad high and the portion sizes a bit small, but all in all it is not a bad deal.
#REVIEW#We wanted to try something different in the EVillage area and were pleasantly surprised how good the food was. We ordered the spread sampler appetizer and it was divine. The Moussaka had a delicious bechamel sauce and hearty eggplant balance. Desserts are beyond amazing, we ended up ordering one of each because one was more delish than the next. They have a really good choice of wines and full bar. Its Delish authentic Greek food, amazing service, Great staff, & fairly priced. Make sure to call for reservation if you're going on the weekend, it gets packed.
#REVIEW#Hands down the best Greek restaurant for us in the city. Absolutely one of our favorites, being a local we love coming here. The atmosphere is always super nice, and you can sit at the counter/table if it gets to be too crowded (which is what we usually end up doing). We especially love their poikilia, the dipping sauce tasting with warm bread, any appetizers with eggplant and the meatballs are also quite good. We always order the horiatiki class greek salad-my favorite favorite, and all their fish is simply fresh, clean and cooked so well. I would say that we prefer the fish dishes over their meat dishes, we find them to be the better out of the categories.Their traditional greek yogurt dessert with berry compote is also something that constantly crave - all their ingredients are so fresh and you can really taste it, we highly recommend that as well along with wine to have during the meal, and you'll have yourselves a fantastic night!Love this place, really hope they are here to stay!
#REVIEW#It's a very good restaurant. The decorations are incredible. The hanging pots on the ceiling are very unique and charming. The place is full of Mediterranean elements. I really like it.The food is great. The bread comes with hummus and it's very good. We ordered meatballs and fried zucchini and eggplants. Both are very good. Meat balls are not really light as air though lol. For main course, I can't tell you the name of the dishes but they were great. I loved my seafood pasta. My friend loved his food too. The portion here is huge. We were stuffed when we finished. Service is great too. Friendly and courteous waiters here. However they don't have cocktails here, which is a bummer. Overall I like the restaurant quite a bit. Lamb looks amazing and I'll definitely want to try that next time. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone who loves Greek food.
#REVIEW#We love this upscale Greek restaurant whoever we come.  On this visit, the whole fish is always absolutely perfectly cooked - the spine lifted out so easily, and the meat was tender.  All of our sides & the house wine by the glass were wonderful.  Service is excellent, attentive without being overbearing, friendly but not bff-style (I hate that!), prices fair for the quality.We come here for celebrations, in this case our anniversary.  Always hits the spot!
#REVIEW#Greek salad plz. Ordered from here a week ago when I was bed ridden from a surgery. It's authentic just like I had in Mykonos, Naxos and Santorini. No lettuce or anything in their salads, just pure flavor. Chunks of feta. Love it. But can you please add more kalamata olives? I got like, 2. My mom got 1. Seriously, 3 olives in two salads. At least give a girl some proper proportion if you're charging what you are haha. Probably not intention and just an oversight. No one is perfect so of course I'll be back :-) Salad is pricey but it's NYC so you just gotta do it. Love this place overall. Happy happy :) also found it on Yelp. How else does anyone find anything legitimate anyway?
#REVIEW#Top tier cuisine, great ambiance and service. The avgolemono soup, moussaka and stuffed chicken entree are not to be missed. Even the pita and dip at the beginning of the meal are excellent. Great selection of Greek wines as well for something different!
#REVIEW#Finally came here for dinner the other week with friends. Made a reservation ahead of time. We ordered a variety of dishes to share and a bottle of white wine. Appetizer: -grilled octopus (saw many pictures of this and great reviews and decided to try it. Didn't disappoint! just wished the portion was bigger especially since we were sharing amongst 4 people. Should've ordered 2 of these, but definitely recommend trying this)-3 cheese dipping sauceentrees:-shrimp & scallop pasta-lamb shank-grilled fish-pork shankGot to try a little bit of each dish. Everything was quite delicious and the portions were great.And love the pots on the ceiling. Quite interesting. Left full and satisfied with the food. Can't wait to come back and try other food on the menu.
#REVIEW#Giving this place 4 stars but felt it was a little closer to 3.5. We got the three dip trio for an appetizer which was great. We also had the Greek meatballs, they were crunchy on the outside and moist in the inside, well done! For my meal I had the poached salmon over rice pilaf and I have to say I was very disappointed. The meal was completely flavorless. No salt, no lemon nothing. I wouldn't get it again however the presentation was flawless. My boyfriend had the patsisico which was very good, I would recommend. The place was busy and the staff was attentive which was nice. The seating if very close to one another, I heard the two couples conversations next to us for every word. I liked it here but wouldn't say loved. It was a bit over rated and expensive.
#REVIEW#I came here to eat lunch with my mom.We had the fried calamari. It came with a really delicious sauce. The sauce was a little spicy and creamy.We also shared the spinach puff pastry. I'd recommend getting the calamari over the spinach puff pastry, but if you're a fan of cheese, get the puff pastry.I had the moussaka and it was so good. The cheese on top was melted and gooey and the meat sauce was very savory and flavorful.My mom ordered the lamb chops. It was good. She ordered the fries on the side. The fries were just okay.This place has quality olive oil. The olive oil that was served with the freshly baked and warm pita bread was very rich.Overall, such a great place to dine. The interior is also very chic!
#REVIEW#Great ambiance, good prices, delicious food!  We loved our experience at Pylos. The vibe of this place is energetic, yet cozy (if that's a thing). We had the octopus, the melted cheese appetizer and the pastitsio. All were wonderful!  Our server was attentive and kind!  Would absolutely return!
#REVIEW#Their lamb chops are delicious! They were served on a bed of rice pilaf with a salad on the side. I'd go back!
