#NAME#Bohemian Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bohemian-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,cocktailbars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Bohemian offers a laid back feel, but dusted with hushed quietness. The bathroom was no different. The "special bathroom" near the door has a bidet that has pulsating and oscillating functions that will leave you feeling like blushing Japanese school girl. I was about to scream but then realized what kind of setting I was in. TRUELY AN EXPERIENCE. ...As always these five stars is purely based on the bathroom.We were under the impression this would be a place where people had the experience of enjoying good food that we had been lucky to be referred to it's exclusivity. HOWEVER customer service was what my party of 5 felt lacking. The waitress had a stank face the whole time. We were not greeted welcomingly at the door, and gave us a lot of attitude questioning what we wanted to order for food and drinks. We thought she was being judgmental in the way we dressed ( no dress code) but shortly realized she was giving everyone the same treatment. Makes me hesitant to recommend to others, just based on how we were treated. Maybe she was just having a bad day.Food was good, quality fresh, and we spent around $60-70 per person.
#REVIEW#Yes you need to know someone to even get into here.  It also looks abandoned, especially at night.   Luckily I had a friend in NYC with some clout.  :)But honestly, it's an interesting approach to owning a restaurant, almost like some kind of secret club you need to be part of.  It certainly drives interest, as I notice other people asking for referrals just to dine here.The inside is quaint and looks more like a living room with a bar in it.  It's not quite a comfortable living room where you kick off your shoes and watch the game while sinking into a couch, eating buffalo wings.  It's the kind of living room where you're at your boss's house and you're worried about your posture or spilling wine on the sofa, and you sit almost in a pose you can stand for a prolonged period.PROS:   The food was really good.  The poke bowl was perhaps my favorite, followed by the sliders.  I was least excited about the sliders having read a review where they were dry...BUT, mine came medium-rare and I could have eaten 4 of them by myself.  You must get them!  Order 2 orders and get 4.  I would!  :)The assorted sushi was so good, but at $40 for 6 pieces, it seemed a little high.  Figure that's $20 per person for 3 pieces.  I ended up at a nice sushi tasting place for $58 the next day, and it was 12 courses.   So although the 3 pieces were good, not worth the price for me.I found the raw beef ok, and the desserts were maybe a 3 star affair at best.Cocktails were on point, with the bartender muddling fresh fruit and mint.  Waitress as welcoming and helpful.  I think her suggestion of 4-5 dishes for 2 people was spot on.  Although there were 3 'large' dishes on the menu, which I avoided, but ask them, because it sounded like you only needed 1 of those per person.CONS:   The price was a bit high, but you're paying for the exclusive, small feel of this place.   OVERALL:  It's probably 4.5 stars, so it's worth investigating.  I'd suggest the sliders and poke for sure.
#REVIEW#Bohemian restaurantLocation: Behind a Japanese steakhouse. However, please note you have to go through the process.Seating: Limited seating.Food:Deep friend ball filled with mushroom paste and fresh uni on top. Each ingredient was a bit weak. The uni was firm but lacked flavor. The outside was crispy but too salty. The mushroom paste as a bit bland. But when you ate it all together, the crunch, the salt and the flavors all came together.Miso black cod is a staple in modern Japanese restaurants. Absolute standard. Usually cooked in banana leaf but this one was cooked out of the wrap which left it more charred. It worked. The meat was fatty enough and better this way. You get more flavor with the char. The fat is just hanging out for hanger steak. Very fatty but very clean. Seared on outside and eats like a regular steak. So recognizable but completely differently.Service:Service was warm and friendly. There was no rush to finish your food and leave.
#REVIEW#The most secret restaurant I have ever experienced in my life and this is the best meal and value that I've ever eaten in my life!! You need to know someone or get refered to get a reservation. We started with the vegetable fondue that consisted of a lot of fresh vegetable that I have not even heard off like the heart of big and flower inkas berry. I love the dipping fondue sauce with heavy cream, butter and anchovies with white pepper garnish. We also have the washu beef teriyaki burger it was pretty hearty for two pieces which my son and husband devoured in minutes. The sea bass was a bit on the salty side that my son and husband loved. The mac and cheese with six different cheeses which my son loves but I am not crazy since I don't like blue cheese. Fois grass sushi is the BEST I ever eaten, seared and cooked perfectly, thick slice with sweet sauce just the way I liked it!!! The fois gras soba was so GOOD, best I ever had. The soup base and fois was so delicate, fois was not that much tho. The lava matcha cake with rasberry sauce and salted chocolate was to die for  Kenny our server was super sweet and professional. I fell down and asked for band aid and he gave me extra antibiotics spray! He also explained every dishes well and recommended great food!! LOVE the whole experience :)
#REVIEW#TL;DR great spot for special occasionOk, you need a reservation and you need to "know a brother". How can you not want to go here?! It's so secretive!! My friend knew and friend and somehow we got a reservation. The entrance is discreet, you walk through the outer entrance, through the hall way and into another locked door. Then you're there in the super cozy restaurant!Food is pretty good, if you want a little bit of everything chosen for you b/c you can't decide, then get their preset menu. If not, then choose your own! The beef dish was really memorable and well known. If this restaurant weren't so top secret, I may not have wanted to try it!
#REVIEW#Bohemian Restaurant... you're so, so good. We initially ordered a ton of food, but didn't realize it until we were 2 plates in. Would have liked it if our waitress offered suggestions to let us know this. All in all, we ordered WAY too much food. We shared 5 dishes... two/three would have been perfect.Get* Fondu - AMAZING... must get!* Wagu beef tartar - AMAZING... must get!Don't Get* Uni Croquets (I'm in the minority here, but, we weren't impressed initially. Once we saw the price tag of $18 per croquet, we were 100% unimpressed. Pro's* Awesome & very cozy space - makes you feel like you're in someone's living room. * Great bartender that gets his groove on when he's making your cocktail. And they're delicious. * The food is really super tasty & quite creative* Vibe is chill * Not only are you dining in style, but you're dining in a part of history... BASQUIAT HISTORY. Just Google it. Con's* I can understand a mark-up at a restaurant, but $15 for a bottle of Badoit sparkling water? That's kind of highway robbery.* Reservations system is bonkers
#REVIEW#This is a very special restaurant. It's small and a reservation is a must. Apply via email for the phone number to make a reservation. The atmosphere is cool and quiet. They have excellent, Japanese-inspired cocktails. I recommend trying the branzino - whole fish served with roasted vegetables. Nothing here will disappoint. The matcha cake for dessert was excellent as well. Fun place to hang out and get cocktails and food.
#REVIEW#This place came highly recommended from a friend, so I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday. We opted for the January 2019 tasting menu and an a la carte order of the miso black cod as well. Farmer's Fresh Vegetable Fondue: The cream cheese sauce was absolutely amazing and all the veggies that came with it were fresh and crisp. Uni Croquette: The croquette was delicious, though nothing too special. Both of us received uni that was not fresh and left a bad taste in our mouths.Washu-Beef Short Rib Sashimi: This was the best thing that came on the tasting menu. The beef was incredibly tender and melted right in your mouth. Pan Roasted Branzino: For me, the branzino was just alright. The roasted veggies that came in the dish were the highlight, especially the brussel sprouts with sardines. Bohemian Washu Mini Burger: Honestly disgusting. I wouldn't even order this if it was a dollar. It was incredibly salty and had no other flavor. Avoid getting this if you can.Sashimi Rice Bowl: I have had better rice bowls at any other poke place in the city. The fish here was not fresh and there was a pool of very sour sauce at the bottom. Miso Black Cod: This was cooked perfectly, and melted in your mouth like butter. The skin was crispy and full of flavor. We ended with Morganstern's ice cream, which was pretty good.It was a nice experience, but for $275 for 2 people, I expect fresh ingredients. I probably wouldn't be back. There are other places in the city at a similar price point with better tasting menus.
#REVIEW#Dined here on 10/10/18, just finishing the review now.  Just WOW.  This is one for the record books.  Partial credit to the great company I was dining with and because of the fantastic food!  I enjoyed every glorious bite and drink here.  As each course was brought out - it often left me speechless after a taste (for those that know me personally, that occurrence is very rare).  Ha Before dining here, I was VERY skeptical of the arduous task and pretentious process in order to secure a coveted reservation.  It was enough to put one off.  However, further research found their original restaurant in Japan has the same process so it's not a snooty New York thing, as I first thought. It is a known fact that their number is not published -- on purpose (my own investigation only led me to find the # for the Japanese Butcher shop next door which by the way, was a minimalist shop displaying gorgeous refrigerated meats and has the reputation of being the "best butcher in NYC!").  I also read on their website, that nothing short of a brief bio or resume along with a referral name game - you're pretty much not getting in this place.  Lucky me, I know a few friends!  ;-)   Upon arrival at the address, the non-existent signage at the entrance had me thinking, "huh, how do I find it? How do I get in"?  Then looking at the # on the mailbox, I spotted a long narrow hallway.  There was the path to the dimly lit, discreet front door.  Totally unassuming with just a small framed message on the wall, noting I found it and had to ring the doorbell to enter.  Fun fact, which is also noted on the website; this secretive location was once home to the late American Artist, Andy Warhol.  Then became the live-in studio of Jean-Michel Basquiat (the infamous graffiti artist) of which, some of his art is displayed in the restaurant) - check out the art for sale in the bathroom!  Onto the dining experience ... fit for foodies.  Looking at older photos, it would appear a few dishes are seasonal or the menu items may have changed.  The intimate dining space has a very cozy, relaxed feel like you're sitting in someone's living room.  The chairs were wide and comfy but very low to the ground.  Good for relaxing but I personally didn't find it ideal for dining.  My group opted to order from the menu a la carte so that we could share each plate instead of doing the tasting menu (note: the entire party has to agree on doing the tasting menu collectively as it is served family style).  We spent a few bucks more but got the food we wanted!  Must try - Appetizers:Uni Croquette - simple and yet so complex in flavor; a fried creamy mushroom croquette topped with fresh Uni.  Heavenly.  Too bad I had to share.  You gotta  be a fan of Uni for the price tag it comes with.  Washu Beef Short Rib Sashimi - incredible, melt in your mouth tender, bite sized and pre-cut, ideal for sharing. The marbling on this beef was balanced.  Paired with daikon radish, fresh wasabi and roasted garlic.  Loved it.Beef Tartare over bleu cheese toast - I love bleu cheese & tar tar...accompanied with argula and citrus yuzu dressing.  Topped with a pinch of rock salt.  Altogether, it was mind-blowing.  I never expected this combination and it just works!  It was a little hard to eat as it falls apart when you bite into it (especially when trying to share).  A true cheese lovers delight.  Must try entrees:Pork Loin - thick cut pork and it was juicy all the way through.  Nice sizeable portion for sharing.  The searing on this was gorgeous.  Pan Roasted Branzino - I was quite surprised to see this particular fish on the menu.  Not your usual Japanese menu item.  Beautifully pan roasted, plated with olives stuffed inside the fish (great flavoring technique) and hearty vegetables.  All the flavors just meshed and the different textures work well. This is a must try.The 7 oz. Chuck Tail Flap - while not a premium cut of meat at all, the price says otherwise.  I've never had tail flap before so I had to do a quick web search to see what I was eating.  I was pleasantly surprised.  This is also a must try for anyone who's never had it.  Premium when they make it.  Skipped on dessert given our reserved dining time was 7PM - 9PM.  They strictly adhere to the schedule in order to be fair to all diners and the reservations.  When we were presented with the dessert menu, they noted the time (we were about 10 mins. to 9PM) so we opted to not rush ourselves and just paid the check.  No love lost here - we were totally satisfied with the food quality and dining experience.  Kudos to the kitchen, especially on the timing of each course.  We never felt rushed and our plates came one at a time - allowing us to thoroughly enjoy each.  Overall my party and I were very pleased with the meal.  Now when can I schedule a return?...
#REVIEW#4.5 stars.My friend told me about this restaurant and referred me so that I could go. I've ended up here twice and was not disappointed by my visit either time. The Mac and cheese, wagyu sashimi, steak and matcha soufflé were my favorite dishes here and if I could find another occasion, I'd be back in a heart beat. My only reason for knocking off the half star is that it is a tad bit pricier than I feel it should be.
#REVIEW#I've been dying to try Bohemian for some time now and FINALLY had the opportunity to go recently.  The restaurant is tucked away from the street (I would've never known it was there).  Inside is similar to a fashionable friend's living room - decorated well and impeccably clean.  I mean, even the bathroom is nice.  It's that kind of place.  We did the January 2019 tasting menu; posted pictures of all of the components with descriptions.  The highlights were:Bozushi: Smoked salmon over sushi rice.  It's just one little piece but it's so nicely done.  This piece, in my opinion, represents what Bohemian is supposed to be about - not necessarily *huge* portions, but everything is considered and executed to a T.  Sashimi selection: Very fresh; fish tasted like butter.  Dining partner asked what I thought of one of the pieces and my only response was "I think I could cry".  If the table wasn't so big I would've probably stolen their fish straight from their chopsticks.  Steak: I mean, this is pretty much what they're known for, but the ribeye was awesome.  Udon: I love udon so I'm pretty picky; I thought theirs was complex and excellent.  Great final savory dish.  While we did the seasonal menu, others around us did a la carte or the standard menu, and all of their food looked excellent as well.  For 2 seasonal tasting menus plus a cocktail and a bottle of wine, the bill came to almost $300 on the nose.  Overall, we thought the food & service were on point.  Would definitely go back.
#REVIEW#One year later and I am back! Bohemian as usually does not disappoint! The service here is still top-notch. The entire atmosphere of the restaurant still feels super intimate. They, however, did change a bit of their menu (not a whole lot) so I was a little upset I couldn't order the chicken again!I ordered the uni croquette again and it tastes even better than I remembered! I had the branzino again but this time the veggies were way too salty for my liking. I also had the mushroom risotto and this was SOOOOOOOO GOOOOD!!! I highly recommend this dish although it can get a bit heavy.I will definitely be back for the 3rd time... soon!
#REVIEW#Bohemian Restaurant: I never heard of a restaurant that will only accept reservation if you knew someone that ate there before. This concept was interesting. Even if you had their number and gave them a ring, you will be asked by a lady who answered the phone, "Who gave you the number, please?" . Don't say I didn't warn you! But we didn't give up, we look for alternative. You can also email them the reason you want to eat at their restaurant and who knows you might be on the list. We were put 8th on the waitlist. The snowstorm that hit NYC blindsided everyone and many people cancel their reservation and then we got a call from the restaurant asking us if we were available. We were so exited and said yes definitely! We reserved for 6pm slot and were the first ones to arrive. You go through this secret passageway and you ring their doorbell. First impression, I felt as if I stepped into someone living room. You got some nice and comfy chairs and the bar behind us. Here is a list of the food we tried. Uni Croquette: Market price: uni was soft and fresh, goes well off with the croquette. Mac & Cheese: $14 tomato butter toast served on top of the baked Mac and cheese. It was cheesy. For my preference the tomato sauce didn't pair well with the toast. Bohemian Burger sliders: $18 you get two mini burgers. Cazuela Garlic Shrimp: $23 at this point I had too much bread. This was a tomato base sauce with shrimp inside. The shrimp was a tad undercook. Miso black cod: $25 the fish was fatty and buttery. Tonight's Washu beef steak: Hanger Steak 10.5 oz: $76. It came out kind of raw for us. We didn't finish our meal, since we order too much. If you get a chance to try this place out and you are going as a couple. 3-4 dishes will be more than enough. Our glass of water was always full. They didn't rush us during the meal. I had high expectations of this restaurant since it was exclusive. The food was okay.
#REVIEW#Secret restaurant in NYC with amazing vibes and good food. It really feels like dining in someone's living room.The set dinner menu is a good default go to, but the a la carte menu portions are pretty big that it's probably better to order individual dishes and try more things for the same price.The coctails here really shine too and there are some people who come after hours just for drinks as well.Their largest table seats probably 8 people and they don't have a lot of space in general. I had to call a month in advance to reserve a table for 4. Their reservation line opens at 3PM and it's first call, first serve at that point. You'll need to get their number from someone who has dined there in the last 6 months if you haven't been before.(Please don't message me for it if I don't know you personally, there's an email on their website to request one if you can't get a referral.)
#REVIEW#Great place for a special occasion at a reasonable price (and in an incredible space). I managed to get off the waiting list for a reservation when another party cancelled last minute. The interior is beautiful and great for a date night. There are only a handful of tables, so the ambiance is intimate and quiet, but the low dining chairs and interior garden still make it feel relaxed and not at all stuffy. The service and drinks were both great, and each dish was delicious! I recommend skipping the fixed price menu and ordering a la carte instead.My favorites were the uni croquettes and the beef short rib sashimi. As for my drink, I really enjoyed the Indian Cooler (citrusy chai).
#REVIEW#For Qia's birthday last year, I really wanted to do something special. She's a huge Basquiat fan, so I was determined to find a way to Bohemian. I wrote them a nice e-mail and was fortunately invited to be a part of their community a couple days later. The Food: 4/5. We really enjoy the eclectic small plates that Bohemian offers. Standouts include the uni croquette and the melt-in-your mouth washu beef short ribs.The Drinks: 5/5. We are HUGE fans of Japanese cocktails and Bohemian does them just right! The cocktails are balanced and the ingredients are very unique. "Type C" definitely makes the "Top 5 cocktails in NYC" list.The Service: 4/5. The service is pretty good, but could be a bit more engaging.The vibe at Bohemian is home-y and unpretentious. Come here with your partner or a couple good friends if you want cocktails and dishes that are well-executed, but want to the avoid busy, loud environment of most NYC establishments that have similar offerings.
#REVIEW#Quiet, peaceful restaurant. Super romantic for those looking to celebrate a special occasion. Sat by the dining bar. Service was great. Food was amazing. I really loved the roasted vegetables in the grilled fish dish. Uni croquette was  Oysters were super fresh and the vegetable fondue was such a cute idea. Toilets in the restaurants were heated.IG: @twomorebites
#REVIEW#Great location.  Super chill atmosphere.  Bartender mixes wicked cool beverages.  Even the gin and tonic had some interesting twists.  Everything on the menu sounds awesome.  Everything we tried was outstanding.  The Wagyu tartare was excellent.  So was the tuna, cabbage salad, and the mini burger.
#REVIEW#Made reservations 1 month in advance for our party of 5. We opted to do the tasting menu and then add on a steak. Our waiter was super helpful when we had questions about the different cuts. He gave us excellent advice on the cut that we ultimately decided to go with. Tasting menu was delicious as always. I still love the Uni Croquette the most! The steak was perfect. It was so soft and buttery that we could cut it with a light nudge of our chopsticks. Oh my god, it was so good.Next time, I think I'm going to order a steak and get a side of Uni croquette!
#REVIEW#The concept is nice. The food is alright. I don't think I would come back. I will admit that this experience would probably have been different as a couple rather than as a group.We came here as a group of 6 for my friend's birthday and everyone went with the tasting menu. For the price, I supposed I shouldn't have expected filling portions. We were seated on the edge of our couches the entire time, in order to reach the coffee table in front of us.1. Vegetable Fondue - the vegetables were fresh and the presentation was pretty nice. But really, we're just dipping some nibbles into hot cheese? The cheese sauce is good, but still. 2. Uni Croquette - The croquette itself was not as rich or mushroomy as I expected, and it was barely warm. I've had much better.3. Washu Sashimi - this was definitely the best part of the tasting. I had my washu slightly seared. The freshly grated wasabi, a tiny drop of soy sauce, and soy pickled garlic created a wonderful world of salty, hot goodness in my mouth. I could have eaten 20 of these by myself.4. Branzini - the fish were small and to me, not enough for a group of 6. I didn't find the flavors special, although, the fish and accompanying vegetables were clean and perfectly cooked. 5. Washu Burger or Sashimi Bowl - I opted for the mini burger. The beef was fine, if not a little dry and lacking in flavor. Really, nothing special either. 6. Morgenstern's Yuzu Crunch Ice Cream - this was really lazy and underwhelming. A small scoop of ice cream with barely noticeable "crunch".Almost everything was a bit lackluster and I also noticed that they had received a "B" rating. We had a few cocktails, none stood out. Their version of the Old-Fashioned was almost terrible and my second drink was weak. Maybe an a la carte dinner would have been much better since I'd been eyeing the steak for a while.
