#NAME#Xe May Sandwich Shop
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/xe-may-sandwich-shop-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sandwiches,vietnamese#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Excellent sandwiches. Don't sleep on the tacos - this is the best way to sample every meat combo. The super cub, hog and lambretta are the winners here. Make sure to ask for extra spicy if you're a heat seeker.
#REVIEW#Very flavorful sandwiches and tacos. The Mean Green was an excellent vegetarian option, would highly recommend. If you opt for the wheat bread it's a good vegan alternative too. Lamb tacos were .. lamb tacos. Nothing worth mentioning outside of what you would expect. You can pick between three levels of spice. If you typically like spice but aren't looking to burn off your taste buds, try "spicy". Very, very hot and stuffy space. They did a great job at working with what limited space they have. A few high top seats near window and a small bench.
#REVIEW#The Lambretta was as delicious as it was spicy (got the jalapeños, sriracha, and chili oil). Great variety in the menu, perfect for picnicking in Tompkins Square Park. Limited seating inside.
#REVIEW#Classic sandwich ($9): 4/5 delicious! Thin bread and materials but bread is soft and sandwich is flavorful and not dry!Steak Taco ($3.50): 3/5 not bad! Steak taco isn't bad. It's a nice supplement to the sandwich to hit the $12 credit card minimum.Food came out pretty fast.Credit card lower limit of $12
#REVIEW#Xe May is a great banhmi place located in St. Marks and could possibly be difficult to find since it's downstairs and small. However, they do have a giant sign outside with their lunch special on it (which I must frequent back for). There's about 6 stools to sit inside and is predominantly a take out place with an open kitchen setting. I played it safe and stuck with the classic.The classic consisted of BBQ pork, headcheese (which is meat, not cheese as I so brilliantly thought), pork roll, and pate. They have the wheat roll and regular roll option, which leads me to conclude that one should stick with the regular roll. I decided to be "healthy" and opt for the whole wheat which I regretted because it didn't seem akin to other bahnmis I've had. The sandwich itself was great and definitely the best option for meat lovers out there. The only two qualms I had were that I couldn't taste the BBQ pork at all and that the "xtra spicy" was not spicy at all. And that's coming from someone who's eyes would tear up in 0.2 seconds if I simply bit into a chile. However, that wouldn't hold me back from coming again- there's many more sandwiches to try and there's always a bottle of sriracha present if needed :).
#REVIEW#Love that they have a vegan banh mi option on whole wheat baguette (The Mean Green Sandwich)! Filled with lots of yummy marinated tofu, mushrooms and a cauliflower puree (instead of pate I am assuming). Loved the cauliflower puree's flavor. So delicious and a great way to lighten up your banh mi sandwich if you want something a little healthier. Baguette was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Could be a little fluffier. I ordered for pick up and it was timely! The store is small and not really for dining it. Best to take out and go. I would recommend Xe May if you want vegetarian/ vegan options! I can't speak to the meat options. $10 for bahn mi is pricey! But I guess it is new york. The size of the sandwich is pretty decent and unless you're starving, you could probably be satisfied with just half. Would love if they carried vegan mayo. Overall I would return for the Mean Green Sandwich and try their other veggie options too.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Saturday afternoon after a massage for a quick bite, and their grilled chicken sandwich was incredible. You can customize the spice level.Not too much seating room inside, so I could see this as a take out treat for neighborhood locals. But seriously, amazing sandwiches.
#REVIEW#My sister and I were in the area one Wednesday evening, and needed a quick bite for dinner. I decided to order ahead on Grub Hub, and the food was ready by my pick up time. We shared the Hog (grilled pork, scallion oil, fried shallots) and the DUKE (Vietnamese meatball, provolone, homemade tomato sauce) - both extra spicy (jalapeño, sriracha, chili garlic). The Hog had some spicy mayonnaise in it, which the menu did not mention - but I feel like that made the sandwich. There were some dry bits of pork, but the sandwich overall was pretty good. I thought the DUKE was only okay. The combination of ingredients sounded interesting, but I think the sauce might have been too watery so it made the sammie a bit soggy.If you're looking for a traditional banh mi (and at a cheaper price), then head to Chinatown. But if you want a different spin on banh mis (and tacos), check out Xe May. I wouldn't mind trying some of their other menu items the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
#REVIEW#If you like really crusty baguettes with your banh mi and lots of veggies inside, this place has some of the best banh mi in NYC.If you want a traditional banh mi, look elsewhere: the "classic" has almost no pate on it and the proportion of veggies is much higher than you'd expect for a traditional sandwich.Delivery isn't terrible (they've never failed to deliver), but it's late maybe 20% of the time and really late (could easily be half an hour or an hour later than their delivery estimate) maybe 5% of the time.
#REVIEW#Stopped here for a quick lunch at a friend's recommendation. Xe May puts their own twist on the traditional banh mi with combinations like the Lam'bretta (coconut curry lamb) and the Sidecar (grilled beefsteak with pineapple chutney). A vegetarian/vegan option is also available in the Mean Green (portobello with spiced tofu and a cauliflower spread on a whole wheat baguette). We got the Hog (grilled pork with fried shallots) and the Pilot (lemongrass chicken) and enjoyed both of them. Crispy baguettes and generous fillings of meat and fresh veggies; what more can you ask for in a good banh mi.
#REVIEW#I was skeptical at first, but they do have some really good banh mi. So far I've tried the Classic (BBQ Pork, Headcheese, Pork Roll, Pate) and the the Lam'bretta (Coconut Curry Lamb). The Classic is delicious if you're looking for something standard, but I thought the Lam'bretta was even better. The lamb is slightly spicy and has a great flavor. Filling to bread ratio is also good. They don't skip out on the meat and give you lots of carrots, cucumbers, and daikon. The bread is also fresh. None of the sandwiches are pre-made.They have an okay lunch special that consists of a banh mi of your choice, a drink from their menu, and a snack (usually a bag of chips). I usually just get the sandwich itself. The staff is also great and are cognizant of any allergies that you may have. Don't forget to grab a loyalty card. For every 10th stamp you get a free item.
#REVIEW#I can't believe it took us 4 months of living in New York to finally have Vietnamese food - but I am glad this is the first place we tried! We came here for spontaneous dinner at 7PM on a Wednesday night. Fortunately for us, this place didn't seem too busy, but then again, with only 4 plastic barstools and a small metal side table, Xe May Sandwich Shop is more of a grab and go restaurant. We ended up getting the Super Cub Classic and Grilled Beefsteak vermicelli. The Super Cub Classic Banh Mi was very interesting because it had both BBQ pork AND pate put together. Normally most places offer pate or pork, but not both. They paired together very well with the cheese into one savory combination! I also loved how the banh mi was toasted. Most places will use hard bread that looks pale, but this bread looked like it was actually toasted! However, the middle still stayed soft, which I also enjoyed. I also loved the pickled vegetables in the sandwich! The vermicelli was also very delicious! It might be unusual to say, but I wish there were more noodles in the dish! I know most people would usually want more meat and/or vegetables, but this dish felt like it was 20% pickled vegetables, 20% noodles, and 60% grilled beefsteak. The meat was a bit chewy, but still delicious! I also loved the fish sauce they made - it was very salty, but also light and refreshing - like a classic Vietnamese fish sauce. Xe May Sandwich Shop is a stellar small shop where people can eat some quality Vietnamese food for a cheap price in New York. I am happy I came here, and I would recommend this place to others!
#REVIEW#On the the best bánh mi, with extra crispy yum breadans really good everything inside. Loved it. Small place and hard to fin, but a true gem.
#REVIEW#I like this place! Their bahn mi may not be as good or as cheap as v-nam cafe's but i like how you can substitute your bread for whole grain and the extra spicy option, which isn't too spicy but adds a small kick to your meal. Ive only gotten the chicken bahn mi here but the meat is always seasoned well the baguette is well toasted. It's got my approval.
#REVIEW#Amazing sandwich, friendly quick service, great  atmosphere. Definetly plan on coming back!
#REVIEW#Best banh mi in NYC. This sandwich is almost like a panini. Bread is thin. You get all the sandwich topping in each bite. Right up to the very last bite. I got mine spicy and boy was it. First time ever being blown away with the spice. In a good way. Sandwich can be eaten on the go. Get the classic cub! You won't go wrong.
#REVIEW#INCREDIBLE banh mi coming out of this tiny, unassuming shop. I got the Lambretta (coconut curry lamb) based on all the rave reviews and absolutely loved it. Thick, toasty, crusty baguette that isn't so hard it cuts up the roof of your mouth, generous portions of shaved lamb stuffed inside with a slightly spicy and coconutty dressing, lots of carrots and cucumber and cilantro to round out the sandwich. It's savory and a little sweet and spicy all at once and is just the best kind of umami bomb you could want. I scarfed mine down - no mean feat because they're pretty large - and could've happily eaten another. I will be back.
#REVIEW#Tiny little gem of a sandwich shop serving perfectly fresh and satisfying made to order while you wait Banh Mi sandwiches in both the amped up classic and about 10 other versions including two vegetarian only options for under $10.The Orders...Super club classic stuffed with BBQ Pork, headcheese, pork roll, pate and of course the standards fixings of Cilantro, pickled carrots, Daikons, Cucumbers with chili Mayo on a white baguette. The Hog this was mine to enjoy all by myself and comes with the standard yummy fixings noted above but with grilled pork, Scallion oil and fried shallots.  My friend and I asked for Jalapenos and & Sriracha on the side, ordered fresh Basil limeaide Fizz to quench our thirsts, paid and took our delicious order to go. Xe May is cute, Uber friendly staff and set up with  bar style seating, nice enough lighting but on the smallish side for chowing down on these sandwiches sloppily and properly the way we like. Both of our sandwiches were equally delicious as was the light and refreshing Basil limeaide all that said we were happily impressed enough to be repeat takeout customers. If your in the East Village and in the mood for a great Banh Mi sandwich make this your place to get it.
#REVIEW#one of the best baguettes to grace a banh mi in terms of mouth feel!the lightly crisped thin-crusted bread while still being soft on the inside did not shred my gums.  This was the best part. Most banh mi baguettes have really hard thick crusts, while crisp and crunchy, it will shred the roof of your mouth and gums.  I ordered this via eat24 and the sandwiches arrived still warm and crispy even with the below 30-degree temps outside. good job Xe May.Get the duke sandwich. While $9 is a lot for a banh mi, the bread and meat combination works here. The meat to bread ratio was on point. not too much bread with an acceptable amount of meat. Its Viet meatballs that taste like sweat and zesty mixed with savory corn beef hash. Mixed with the crispy veggies, jalapenos and aromatic crispy bread, this was a symphony of flavors and textures.  I also tried the classic sandwich and I suggest passing on it.For $8 for Viet ham and headcheese, it doesn't taste any better than your $5-6 banh mi besides having excellent bread. plus they use the same zesty sauce in it as the duke. IMO, the classic Viet sandwiches need to have mayo and pate instead. It's good, but I rather get it from another place.
#REVIEW#tiny Vietnamese sandwich shop located on St. Marks.cozy nook for comfy eats--variety of mostly spicy sandwiches.this is grab and go place than a dine-out place. supercasual. Xe May has pick-up & delivery options via Seamless...& possibly other food-ordering apps.i highly recommend "The Duke" sandwich stuffed with Vietnamese meatballs, provolone, tomato sauce, daikon, pickled carrots, & cilantro. All on a toasted baguette--crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside. The baguette has a sriracha spread on it...you can adjust the spiciness from mild to fiery by having more or less sriracha mayo slathered on. This sandwich is served warmed and I love it. I will note you can barely taste the provolone. Sandwiches are consistently good. Service is quick.drops mic cuz these sandwiches are viet-NOMNOM...i outzzz
