#NAME#Pisillo Italian Panini
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pisillo-italian-panini-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,sandwiches#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Pisillo sandwiches blow me away every time. You're probably thinking - what's so special about these sandwiches? I honestly couldn't tell you. They just taste so damn good. The staff is always so warm and friendly, and they're always willing to make recommendations and talk you through your the different options. The meat slices are the perfect balance of salty and savory. I've even tried the tuna and vegetarian sandwiches. All of it has been amazing so far.The sandwiches are humongous, so you can spread it over a few meals or split with someone. Also, if you're a fan of spicy food, you can always request to add the hot pepper spread. Do you self a favor and order a sandwich! Also, don't forget to bring cash.
#REVIEW#If you're new in the area and need a solid lunch, Pisillo is the spot! You're going to need to bring cash if you want to order something there or if you have ritual, you can order in advance. Also a heads up that their sandwiches are massive! No normal human can eat the whole sandwich in one sitting. I ate the whole thing and almost knocked out while working. Their sandwich is definitely worth it's price. It's like carrying a baby. This is a huge and heavy sandwich. I usually get the New York sandwich which has a nice punch of spice to it. Not only is it a bit spicy, but it taste great! Highly recommend the New York sandwich, but also reccomend the pisillo sandwich too. Taste the olive oil and the cheese. I haven't ventured out to other sandwiches, but will try soon. Overall 5/5, great sandwich and worth the wait. If you're going there for lunch, expect a wait. It's not too long, so block off about 15 minutes off your calendar if you're going during your lunch break.
#REVIEW#Bring cash!I love love sandwiches, especially deli meats so I have a high standard for sandwiches. And this place is so delicious. I love the sandwich combos and the sandwiches are so large! It usually takes me 2 meals to finish a sandwich. I also love how they scoop out some of the bread so it's not as much carbs and I get more meat! Delicious place. Worth trying!
#REVIEW#I have gone to Pisillo many a times, and it is the best sandwich I have ever had in my time downtown in the 4 years of living and working in the  lower Manhattan area. They are very efficient in prepping the high quality sandwich's, my favorite being the "New York" on semolina bread, which is great to share with a friend or chow down for a delicious meal every time!
#REVIEW#Really fresh and delicious Italian panini. Super quick service, made fresh to order and HUGE paninis. Great place to grab and go, a couple of tall tables to sit if they're free but a small space. Cash only as well.
#REVIEW#Pisillo, Pisillo, Pisillo. I honestly wish I had more time to try all of the sandwiches on the fantastic menu of this awesome establishment. You can't go wrong with anything from their list of italian sandwiches. You do you here! Grab a sandwich that speaks to you. Locals know that this place is the real deal and tourists, like myself, knows that this places deserves a visit when you are in the area.My family of three shared the #26 Pisillo sandwich since this was our first time here and we will probably be here once while in town. This sandwich is amazing. The layers that are built in this sandwich exudes freshness and quality as everything just works well together. From the salty prosciutto to the sweet roasted peppers, I absolutely love this cold cut sandwich. The sandwich is huge so honestly, you can order a whole sandwich and eat it multiple times a day.Our family went during lunch time and you saw so many people coming through to grab a bite to eat. I read in previous reviews that your bread choice might run out, which is unfortunate, but that shows how having fresh ingredients is so important to Pisillo and their sandwich art-making process. I definitely recommend anyone to stop by here when they are in town, especially before checking out the nearby tourist sites like the WTC memorial or the Statue of Liberty. You can totally get a sandwich here and carry it around on your NYC adventures.
#REVIEW#I stopped in just to grab a bite quickly, while walking by. Great place to grab a cold sandwich. HUGE and delicious.
#REVIEW#Get the #27, the New York! It was the bomb. Food was very good. The employees were very helpful & friendly. Not much seating inside, but I think they own the cafe next door as well. Highly recommend the sandwiches here. Very good!
#REVIEW#Heyyyyyyyy oh!This true Italiano panini joint located right by Fulton Street Station is a must and lives up to the hype.This spot is a Wall Street favorite and everyone who works in FiDi knows it's the best panini spot.This unassuming joint is not noticeable and you can walk by it a million times. It has only a few tables and a bunch of people speaking Italian behind the counter. I highly suggest getting their most well known panini the pissilo which is amazing and more delicious with every bite if you can finish it in one sitting everyone will be impressed as it is a true foot long or longer. It is a little pricey but it is more than enough for 2 people.In short:- Amazing Paninis - Enough for 2 people- Cash only- Small Shop
#REVIEW#Gave this place the rating due to the service. The person at the counter was super rude. Didn't respect the line of people waiting and took orders randomly from the customers. Also was super rude about saying cash only. Could even say she rolled her eyes. Wouldn't go back after that experience.
#REVIEW#This is an update to my previous review. The owner of Pisillo actually took the time to call us the day after we had such a horrible experience and I was definitely surprised, especially how everything was handled the last time. She apologized profusely and asked us to come back so she could make it right and offered us a complimentary lunch to make up for the weekend. She was so kind and sweet and it really did make our day, because we really didn't want to lose this amazing spot. Their sandwiches are just way too amazing. Thank you for making us feel valued as your customer.
#REVIEW#This was probably the best food I ate during my 4-days in NYC. I got the Pisillo sandwich and it was amazing! I only had $11 cash and it ended up being almost $17 so I ran to the bank around the corner (although they have an ATM in the shop). The sandwich is huge and I ate half of it the next day and it was still so good. The staff was really friendly and helped me figure out which sandwich I wanted. I wholeheartedly recommend this shop!!
#REVIEW#This is the first time that Yelp had failed me. This place is all quantity over quality.  I got the pisillo sandwich with the sesame bread. The sandwich is HUGE and I had high hopes but the actual flavor was not great, the meat tasted mediocre and the bread was stale. I could only finish half and decided to throw the other half out.  The interior is very basic. Overall I would not recommend this place.
#REVIEW#This tiny sandwich shop has a lot of outward components that seem to promise an authentic Italian experience : on a side street, an old-timey storefront that looks out of 1950, with hardly any modern decoration besides maybe an Italian soccer team poster, a black and white tiled floor, Italian music being played which you can hear from the street, a one subject menu - sandwiches, and the kicker, packed lines out the door at lunch.  I'd had a coffee before next door which was 100% Italian in every way from the pastries to the espresso quality, so i knew the sandwiches were legit.  What I didn't count on was such a primo quality sandwich at such a good price.  Simple sandwiches start around $9 and can go up to $13 before tax.  Prosciutto and provolone was $10, one with grilled chicken was $13.   I carefully chose a $10.50 sandwich which came to $12 after tax. My sandwich had speck, smoked provolone, smoked mozzarella, arugula, and truffle oil.   Oh. M. Gee.Not only were the ingredients of good quality but they complimented each other, That luscious smoked cheese, the salty buttery prosciutto, the spicy arugula and that lascivious truffle oil which was applied so carefully, not in excess.  The bread was almost 2 feet long.  The sandwich was enough for 2 or 3 people and I made it into three meals.    The bread is fresh.   Despite a packed house - I only had to wait a few minutes for my sandwich.   "You can eat at the coffee shop next door" the kind woman told me. If you're down in Wall St area, just east of city hall, put this place on your list for a to go meal.   You won't be disappointed
#REVIEW#Delicious Italian subs that are roughly the size of a grown adults arm - like you can definitely split 1 between 2 people. I like the sfilatino bread here. I've also had the focaccia and while it's good, it just doesn't stand up to sandwich fillings the same way IMHO. Word to the wise, the hot peppers here are actually hot, but delicious. I feel like you really can't go wrong because all their fillings are top notch.
#REVIEW#Amazing place to get a great deal on Italian sandwiches. Pisillo uses reaaaally fresh ingredients -- from their soft breads, to their prosciutto and arugula and cheese, they have the highest quality stuff. My favorite sandwich is the Trento, and I like to add artichokes to it to give it more substance. I typically only eat half a sandwich for a full meal; the sandwiches are I think longer than a foot so they're huge. For ~$12 per sandwich, that's such a good deal for two meals!!!Love this place, would recommend to anyone looking for a good deal on amazing, authentic Italian sandwiches.
#REVIEW#Bye bye Subway, your "footlongs" pale in comparison to Pisillo's both in size and quality. This small Italian shop's sandwiches get international attention and there are even news articles praising their paninis plastered all over the walls. I had the Trieste (#17) on whole wheat bread. It came with prosciutto, mozzarella, arugula, and balsamic vinaigrette. Oh and did I mention that it was actually ginormous? Hooray for huge authentic Italian paninis! The mozzarella was really fresh and the prosciutto perfectly salty. I just wish it had more balsamic vinaigrette! I enjoyed half of it at a table inside and saved the rest for later. There's a sign on the door that says if all of the seats are occupied, you are welcome to go next door to their cafe and enjoy your panini there. Including tax, the panini was only a little over $12. Two whole satisfying meals for $6 each is hard to come by in NYC, so this place gets two thumbs up from me!Unfortunately cash only :\
#REVIEW#Very, very good! We got here just in time on a Friday afternoon at 12:45pm before this place god super crowded. They were all out of Semolina rolls but they had plenty of sfilatino bread left.My husband ordered the Pisillo. The porchetta was to die for! I ordered the Montesarchio. It was good but there was too much balsamic dressing on it and made my bread soggy.We scored a table at their cafe next door and chowed down. I highly recommend their bread and anything with their porchetta in it!
#REVIEW#Visiting NYC from Chicago and decided to grab a sandwich near WTC memorial. I googled "where do locals eat near me" and this place came up, had rave reviews and was less than a 5 minute walk. My wife and I decided to give it a shot, and we're so glad we did! It was difficult to decide what to order because there were so many sandwiches to choose from but we ended up ordering the Napoli with fresh prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella. My wife and I split it and still had a whole half leftover! The 3 paisans behind the counter were so friendly and made us feel right at home. The sandwich was so delicious, I can only wish they would open a location in Chicago.
#REVIEW#I recommend the number 17 with truffle oil on ciabatta. I really like this place but I can't give it more than 3 stars for this particular visit because my girlfriend's sandwich had a stray hair in it. The sandwiches are good though, maybe watch out for any hairs in your next sandwich though. Unfortunately we can't take it back now since it's a Saturday and they close at 6.Update - Got a message from the owner and claimed my free sandwich today. Thank you very much!
