#NAME#Flip Sigi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/flip-sigi-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#filipino,tacos,burgers#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Love this place!! I have never tried Filipino food before and this place makes me love Filipino food!My fav dishes are Dan Dan noodle (be careful! Very spicy), Nice buns, Plan B rito and their latest special " Lobster buns" ( please make this menu permanent!!)Their Ube ice cream is also very good and I love their Kalamansi drink (btw, their Kalamansi drink is not consistent. Sometimes, it's perfectly sweet. Sometimes, it's too subtle) Also, all of their staff are so energetic and friendly.
#REVIEW#Came with my family and ordered the jackfruit tacos and jackfruit bowl. My jackfruit bowl (ordered vegetarian) had steak in it. Returned it for a new one and half way through eating the new one had ground beef in it. The jackfruit was bland and didn't have much flavor (tasted like brine from a can) The staff was really nice at first but got defensive and quickly unfriendly upon showing them for the second time that the order was wrong.Tried a few sauces on the table and one tasted like it had gone bad. The French fries were good and my kids enjoyed their jackfruit tacos which was a plus but the food wasn't quality. My kids unfortunately got a good earful of explicit music - not a great family spot. Disappointed
#REVIEW#I finally got around to trying this place. Super friendly and helpful staff. Very welcoming with party tunes playing. The music was amped for a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty hot inside.I tried the jackfruit tacos. They were meaty and fresh ingredients. Was definitely expecting more pop of flavor so kind of underwhelmed. I'd have thrown on some hot sauce but as mentioned it was already pretty steamy.I tried the Ube ice cream also. It is regular dairy ice cream rather than vegan (first one I ever tried was vegan). So good but since I don't often have dairy a bit of a struggle to eat it.So a fun place. Meat free options but not my favorite.
#REVIEW#Really loved the vibe of this place! Service was really friendly and informative. Unfortunately felt the food was a bit lacking in flavour or maybe I'm bias for ordering a Cali burrito in New York and expecting the same quality. The burrito was OK but lacking more of the meaty flavour and overpowered by the starch of the burrito itself perhaps. To wash it down, I was expecting a citrusy calamansi flavour from my drink but that also tasted bland and very watered down..My sister seemed to enjoy her sinigang bowl for the most part, but was still on average for her. We might have come in with super high expectations based on the reviews, decor and lovely location it was in but the food just didn't do it for us. As a comparison point, I was really hoping it would beat Senor Sisig burritos in SF but those burritos have not yet been beat!
#REVIEW#3.5 stars for the food. 4.5 stars for the vibes. We were walking by, heard the hip hop music blaring, and got excited when we saw it was a Filipino taco joint. We got two pork tacos and two short rib tacos to start. Pork tacos were really good. Great flavor, good texture. Beef tacos were really dry and underwhelming. There wasn't enough hot sauce to make these good.They have hot sauces at the tables labeled 1, 2, 3. One being the mildest, three being the hottest. Don't worry though, they weren't hot which was extremely disappointing. I was expecting to tear up... At the very least, get a runny nose. Neither. Otherwise, the vibe is fun, loud, and chill. Staff are cool and go with the flow.After tacos we got a cup of their ube ice cream. Really good. Not super sweet like some can be so we were happy. Overall, cool vibes, good ube, good pork tacos.
#REVIEW#Hands down one of the worst restaurants (if I could call it that) in the city. Food is far from fresh, service is non existent (unless you sit at the bar). Food tastes awful! We ordered the tacos - aside from getting the order wrong, it was clear the food wasn't fresh. Bill came out wrong. Condiments containers aren't cleaned daily - it's just another hole in the wall with cool graffiti on the walls. Save your money & eat good food anywhere else.
#REVIEW#3 1/2 stars Flip Sigi was on my "must visit restaurants" list after seeing it on a Facebook post. So when my sister and I were looking for a restaurant, this was the first thing that came to our minds. We are full blooded Filipinos so we were quite excited to see how they reinvent and incorporate some favorite Filipino dishes into a Taqueria.This restaurant is located in Hudson St. in New York. We almost missed it because their restaurant is really small. If I am not mistaken, there's a couple of bar chairs, 1 table inside the and 2 tables in front of the restaurant. It is quite stuffy for me since I like to have more room whenever I eat. My sister ordered the Dan Dan noodles and the adobo tacos. My sister enjoyed her Dan Dan noodles, however when I tried it, I think it's just an overpriced very spicy ramen. The usual Filipino Adobo is meat cooked with soy sauce and vinegar, which is better when served with rice. and eating eat as a taco was a good way to substitute rice. Since Sinigang is my favorite Filipino dish, I ordered the Sinigang Flip Bowl. Sinigang is a Filipino sour meat based soup and stew. Flip Sigi's Sinigang Flip Bowl is the dry version of Sinigang, and I really liked how they their take on it. It still has the sour flavor even though there in no soup. This bowl is definitely a must when you visit this restaurant. I also ordered the Pinoy Coloda as my drink. Pinoy Colada is their version of the Piña Colada, but instead of pineapple juice, they used calamansi (similar to lime) juice. They use Tanduay rum, a very popular rum in the Philippines and they add ube ice cream, probably to make it creamier like Piña Colada. It was delicious and refreshing, however it costs $13, which I think is not worth the price. I felt like I should've just gotten the ube ice cream and calamansi juice instead.The staff at Flip Sigi were really friendly and accommodating. The bartender was really helpful. Even if the place was quite busy, they made sure that we enjoyed our meal.I really wanted to give this place a high rating, however I feel like their food needs more flavor.  Also, I feel like it is quite overpriced and their portions are small. It's still a good place to go for Filipino inspired food. Next time I visit NYC, I will visit again to try their Sinigang fries and some of the other entrees from their menu.
#REVIEW#We came here for happy hour. Inside is really small so you're either sitting at the bar or by the window. There's some seating outside though. It was really hot when we went and they had the door open but no air conditioning so it wasn't exactly pleasant, but it was tolerable.  The calamansi margherita tasted like lemonade which was fine with me. Since it was happy hour, we got 2 drinks for the price of one. We got the chicken tacos, longanisa, and short rib tacos and the nice buns. The nice buns had the most flavor because of the sauce they used on the pork. My Filipino friend was disappointed because she said that adobo chicken is supposed to have a lot of flavor and that this one was lacking. The short rib tacos tasted like five spice.  Overall the food was alright because none of them really stood out to me and wowed me. The cold drinks were refreshing on a hot day and the happy hour drink special is a good deal.
#REVIEW#2.5 stars for the food- Despite looking very appetizing, the food tastes very mediocre- The only highlight is the pork belly bun with a very crispy skin4 stars for service and vibe
#REVIEW#I was around the west village when my friend  suggested we stop by Flip Sigi and grab some dinner. This is honestly the cutest hole in the wall I've been to in a while. The service was amazing, the man who took our order was kind and patient. We ended up getting the burger, fries, adobo bowl, and the flip ho . Holy moly, the burger was delicious! It was huge but so good. A classic burger with a nice soft bun that is perfectly cooked and that banana ketchup just makes it even better!The fries were nice and crispy and lightly seasoned.I wasn't able to try the adobe bowl, but I was told it was well flavored.Lastly, the flip ho, which is this huge sandwich that was packed with meat , I was told it was delicious. Such a cute little place in the west village! I will definitely be stopping by again to try some of the other items on the menu.
#REVIEW#Honestly this spot really deserves its raving reviews. EnvironmentI came here for lunch on a weekday and there wasn't anyone here. The place is small - bar counter space inside, and one bench table outside. The owner was super friendly in explaining the menu. FoodThe food is amazing. The portions are smaller, but its great in that you get to try more of the menu and works out great when sharing with other people. My friend and I tried the nice buns, poke me, and the dandan noodles. I know we didn't try the most filipino of foods, but it was soso tasty. They were waiting for the delivery on the calamansi, so unfortunately didn't get to try that. But that and trying the more authentic filipino food gives me a reason to come back!
#REVIEW#Crunch wrap from secret menu is called fuck me fyi.Ordered food 5 min after my group and waited 20minJosh is great.Get the banana ketchup.i was not impressed with Cali burrito.I felt like this is a novelty ethnic food place that's not as good as the hype. Seemed to have a lot of regulars so someone is eating it.I'm not a fan but if you are into this sort of thing, give it a try.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Saturday afternoon with my two friends. Small space, not a lot of seating options but since it wasn't too busy we got a table.Service was pretty friendly, offered a lot of hot sauces and was open to questions. I got the adobo-rito, and my friends got the adobo bowl and the sinigang bowl. As a Filipino, the food was good but it didn't taste like Filipino food. It just tasted like food, my friend describes it as an "American Filipino chipotle". Nothing really stood out to me tbh, but prices were reasonable. If you're in the mood to try some fusion food, I'd say go for it But don't expect authentic Filipino food.
#REVIEW#Ordered food to go from here the other day and the service was awesome! Super quick and friendly. The food just wasn't what I was expecting and that's probably my fault for not investigating enough before ordering from somewhere I've never eaten before. I got the "toss my salad" thinking I'd be getting a fresh all-veggie salad but most of the veggies were actually fermented (like sauerkraut) and I made the mistake of dumping all the sauce on before trying which made it extra intense. Didn't hate it but didn't love it. I'd give it another try - the vibes are bar-like and small with music.
#REVIEW#When I found out Flip Sigi was doing a special that included lobster, I knew I had to finally make my way downtown. The place is on the smaller side but they have a nice bar area and outside seating (perfect sunny day when we went). They play awesome music here! My friend and I ordered the Lobster baos and the jackfruit tacos. So delicious! Cannot wait to come back for other food and drink.
#REVIEW#Ordered the Flip In Burger and the Torta Burger. Specified "no cheese" in both burgers.Surprise surprise, the Flip In Burger came covered in cheese. Weirdly - the other burger did not. Taster a quick phone call they apologised and refunded me half the bill. So that gets an extra star.But really - waiting half an hour for a delivery that's covered in something you're intolerant to is just no fun.If you're intolerant/allergic - I'd be careful in here.
#REVIEW#My husband took me here after discovering this little gem a few weeks ago. It's so good!Service: On point! Our bartender today was fantastic giving us the 411 on the food and seasonings all while giving us space to figure out our food adventure. I loved the music selection and got a kick out of the TV displaying tweets that mention the restaurant. If I had twitter I'd have tweeted to see my name up there. Seating: Good outside seating, some at the bar, a bench at the window and one across from the bar. It's clean and well maintained. The bathroom is spacious and also clean (which is always great when you're out in the city). Food: SO good! I recommend the burritos as they have a new flavor that woke up my tongue. The chicharrones gave a great crunch to the burrito, as it was filled with avocado and French fries. The meat is marinated beautifully. Best part? No long wait to get served. Tip: They don't accept cash - only cards. If you're looking for a cool place for a light bite, I highly suggest visiting this place!
#REVIEW#This restaurant is definitely worth a try. The space is small but the food is delicious. We ordered the Adobo OG -- a MUST, and a few of the tacos. The tacos were good but I was more of a fan of the Adobo OG. The calamansi (lemonade) was fresh and hydrating. Ended the meal with some ube ice cream and our bill was more than reasonable once we checked out. This establishment is card only so don't forget your plastic money y'all. What made the experience unforgettable was how friendly and courteous our server was, I didn't get his name but he had a bright happy spirit and kept the jams going the whole time we were there. Definitely will visit again next time I'm in town.
#REVIEW#Exploring the west village when suddenly I come across this gem of a spot. Missing my Filipino family and drawn by the cooky interior, i figured i could do for a second dinner. The spot was bustling and busy with one super busy and super friendly dude taking care of the whole front of the house. I ordered the Dan Dan noodle with a fried egg (because I have to be the guy ordering szechuan at an filipino taco shop) and it was freaking delicious. Presented in humble form, the dish brought flavors vibrant and a nice spicy kick. All in all, loved my experience in here and appreciated the music and positive vibes from the space! The menu looked pleasantly affordable, definitely will visit again when I'm in the area.
#REVIEW#TL;DR: waiter was waiting around outside to drop food off for someone, not waiting on us at the bar; food was very good; calamansi juice was not that great Filipino food flows through my veins, and how very excited I was to try this new place!  Perhaps it was my urgency, as I had only an hour to eat, but we were feeling quite neglected with our server on the streets. We waited for a while to order, and though we tried to chill, I felt stressed that our waiter was not around to thrill. We sat at the bar where the door often remained open, but there was just no way that I could get him roped in. Despite the cold outside seeping into the warm indoors, the food inside was quite delicious - a fusion of flavors and taste, come hungry and ready to eat as nothing they give you will go to waste. My favorite juice was available, calamansi, if you please, but overall the juice was watery and really quite a tease.
