#NAME#Boucherie Union Square
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/boucherie-union-square-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak,french,cocktailbars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#We visited for their Lunch in Paris menu on Memorial Day and had a truly wonderful time. Stepping into Boucherie Union Square is like being transported into France. The restaurant is bright and spacious - the entire street-facing wall is adorned with floor to ceiling window doors that are open in the summer. They let in so much light and gentle breeze that really add to the relaxing al-fresco atmosphere. Service was impeccable. They began by giving us the choice of where we wanted to sit - a rare luxury. We chose a seat near the windows, next to the wall. Throughout our meal, our server continuously checked in on us - his French was a nice touch too. The kitchen was very speedy - we finished our entire meal in less than an hour!Our first order was the Mousse De Foie Gras, which was gently salted, very cream and rich. Paired with the dressed greens and sweet onions, the foie gras on the crostini was perfect. We followed with the Eggs Benedict and the Wagyu Burger. Both were perfect. The Eggs Benedict was perfectly cooked, with a great runny yolk. We splurged on the Wagyu Burger, certainly pricey for a burger but well worth it based on how tender and rich the wagyu patty was. They also had it perfectly cooked at medium rare, as requested.I had a great time with my girlfriend at Boucherie Union Square. Come here to find a great Parisian atmosphere, impeccable service, and delicious food.
#REVIEW#I have mixed feelings here at Boucherie with the food but I will say Five Stars for service! Never had an empty water glass and the server always came and checked back on us to make sure we were doing okay.They are great for large groups and are extremely accommodating to any of your needs. I came with a party of 7 to celebrate a birthday. We did family style and they understood without charging any other fees and always brought out sharing plates For Drinks we had the first one, something rose, some, a few old fashions, crown and coke, and a glass of Pinot noir. All great cocktails, and worth the price since each one cost more than any of the sides. I'm gonna start out with that everything needed a pinch of salt for me and little smudge of butter! Lol For starters we ordered the escargot, foie gras mousse, and frog legs to start. The frog legs were  crispy and were good from the people that ate them. On the bottom of the skillet was just a pool of oil which was too rich to finish the last piece of bread. The mousse was good with a great onion jam. I did wish it was more melt in your mouth like other foie gras I've had but this tasted more like pate. Can't go wrong with escargot here, all the pieces were very tender and cooked in butter which tasted good with bread! We order the HUGE tomahawk steak with fries and ratatouille. We also got the ravioli with mushrooms and truffle as the main. PRESENTATION IS PERFECTION HERE! The steak was cooked a medium rare, closer to rare since the middle was still pretty red. One side was slightly seared and was faced down against the bone marrow which was also HUGE. I felt like this need a little bit more salt and it would have been great but it came off as a little bland without the sauce. I love when you can scoop the bone marrow out and have a spoonful. It was great. The ravioli smelled amazing and the sauce was great, rich and creamy with exotic mushrooms. But it fell short in the sense that the filling was almost not there. If there had been more filling, this dish probably would have been on a whole different level. Very good fries and very good ratatouille.
#REVIEW#Bonjour Boucherie! Be prepared to practice your French. Unbelievably thoughtful and attentive! Krystal, Parviz and Galen took care of us during a bday celebration. Tired and exhausted from yoga and didn't really want to think more of any places to eat, this place just made our day. Located in the midst of chaotic center at Union Square, very convenient to the subway, you will find that piece in here. Walking in to a French influence decor with giant mirrors around you. You'll be welcomed by friendly staff and the long, marbled bar.  Across the bar, venue heaven for great dining experience and big parties. Table are well set with silver ware and glasses. Libation you say, phenom! I'm normally not the type to order any cocktail but the Provence and Old fashion were well done by Parviz. The Provence were very simply made but what's stands is the lavender, lemon, and olive oil with vodka of course. The Old Fashion was served with cogniac and hint of lemon. I believe I found my go to cocktails!Good news, there's late lunch...steak and fries...why not. Even better choice is to replace the fries with salad and that was an even better choice with warm peppercorn dressing.  The dinner menu is as memorable as the lunch. As they say, the French savor food in their mouth than Americans. Every bite and every taste is such a party in your mouth. The scallops with red sauce is as delicious  when dipping my bread. Bread licking good! The bday boy was surprised with a pistachio and chocolate cake, poured with even more chocolate. That's not all, he received a book with recipes specially autographed for the recipient. Needless to say, I am coming back to this French Resto gem.
#REVIEW#This dining experience was an absolute DELIGHT. I've been to Boucherie Union twice and it delivers consistently. One thing I absolutely love - amazing ambiance, spacious interior and flood of natural light. Lovely decor that makes you feel like you stepped inside Paris. In the warmer weather the doors are open so you get semi-al fresco dining while getting to people watch the busy streets of Union! Excellent service, the waiters are accommodating and very knowledgeable about the food. Everything the waiter recommended we loved. My food highlights were:-Poulpe (if you like octopus, this is a very good grilled octopus! So tenderly cooked it melts in your mouth like butter)-Prosciutto San Danielle (the waiters rec, I've never had this type of prosciutto and it was tasty. It's less chewy than the more popular one and has a drier texture but loved it nonetheless)-La Vie en Rose (also the waiters rec, such a light delectable drink!! Tastes like juice, but beware the alcohol content will have you tipsy fast lol)-Steak Tartare (EXCELLENT!! This is done so well, no other words, also quail egg. Enough said)-Camembert (the cheese is quite good. What really made it were the sides that came with it; the candied pecans and honey which was slightly spicy! Great complementary touches, love this attention to detail)-Rigatoni Bolognese (big flavor, perfect al dente texture that was to die for)Big ASS PORTIONS!! Honestly 5 appetizers, 1 entree and 2 cocktails had us stuffed and we could not make room for dessert. IMO the perfect portion for 2 would be 1 appetizer, 2 entrees or 2 appetizers and 1 entree to split! Cannot rec Boucherie enough for anybody - not too expensive and perfect for any party size or occasion. Love Boucherie and am excited for my next visit.
#REVIEW#When you want a nice bistro style burger with a great French bistro atmosphere, all at a reasonable price...come here.The burger was done a little better than my requested medium, but everything from the service, to the small order of bread and butter were spot on.  The burger was slightly small for the roll, but I wasn't complaining.  Everything was very fresh and tasty.  I only finished about 1/3rd of the fries.  For my solo lunch at the bar, I was out of their for $20, including tip.
#REVIEW#Came to the union square location with my bf for brunch. We made rvsp for noon but was running late so I called to push my rvsp back & they were able to accommodate without any questions.Got there, host asked if we wanted indoor or outdoor seating it was nice outside so I asked for outside. Tables are smaller... heads up. Got greeted by our server named Hubert Was super friendly. He remembered us from the few months ago when we came for dinner. Great memories. We ordered foie Gras mousse which is what I always order whenever I come to boucherie & bf ordered the smoked salmon & asparagus salad which was lovely and large portion.For our main entrees we got the croque Madame with fries - a must and their new. Steak aux Choix which was alright, the steak was a bit too charred for my liking but cooked medium rare like I requested. We also ordered some iced latte and mimosas to Quench our thirst. Hubert came and checked on us few time duration of our meal and super super friendly and had great manner. Definitely coming back for the foie Gras && the service. Big s/o to Hubert and his hospitality!
#REVIEW#"Carpe diem, quam minimum credula postero"Seize the day, put very little trust in tomorrow- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)My pre-birthday 2019 is tomorrow which induces self-care and memorable celebration, but carpe diem everyday with cause.  Delay gratification is extremely overdue.  Power of one dinning alone will not sanction nor blockage my right to enjoying and living life.  All I need is good quality food, drink and good customer service to color my world... and I will show you a genuine smile from within the heart.  Immediately upon being seated at a table the Hispanic bus boy who emits very limited English skills, a L.E.P. person, gave me the rudest menacing scowl look and brusque for pretentious to imply why is a woman dinning alone and eating a steak.  "Yeah, you want a steak? Huh? So, why are going to order a steak as a woman alone?"  Intimidating maleficence dude.  Are you a freak like me who frequently dine alone? This is such a negative energy exhibiting discrimination for women who dine alone.  Is dinning alone a horrific crime?  Too bad you cannot see the unseen for the abilities of women - see the woman that girl dinning alone could be.  There is more than meets the eye, I see a bus boy with an empty soul who is unable to climb higher to further himself of a quality career.  However, thankfully, my server Benal A. is knowledgeable of French cuisine and enable a good wine pairing with food which appears from his mannerism and speech he is of French ethnic background with etiquette and professionalism.  This French bistro sits north of the peripheral areas of Union Square.  The ambiance is average and loud from the chatter of patrons, despite no boisterously loud background music playing.  Facilities are relatively clean and entrance is written in French "madame" for women and "messieurs" for men.  Reservations are recommended as I booked my table via Yelp Reservations.  Business card is available for grabs.  Yelp mobile check-in offer is available.  French baguette is provided with olives, red peppers and butter.  I prefer olive oil and butter as condiments.  The bill was paper clipped to Boucherie's postcard advertising 50% off all bottles of wine everyday AFTER 9 pm.  The bottom of the bill embeds "suggested tip" of 18%, 20% and 22% ergo patrons do not have to calculate the arithmetic sequence.Steak Frites au Poivre $48Pat LaFrieda New York strip, four peppercorn cream sauce served with French friesThe meat was very tender and excessively juicy while the peppercorn cream sauce was a nice compliment.  Since the meat was very tender it was very easy to cut into with the steak knife without applying excessive pressure.  I requested my steak cooked temperature to be medium which contained excessive natural juices when cut.  It was seasoned well with black peppercorn and salt.  I prefer Hollandaise sauce for a authentic French approach.  The French fries were a good portion size as a side dish without overpowering the lead role - the strip steak.  I departed full and the steak ate my fill.Cabernet Sauvignon, Quilt Napa Valley (California) 2015, $24Medium body with a fruity nose and smooth finish as I smelled blackberry, and hazelnut.  It was a delight and the intent to sipped slowly for prolong enjoyment.  Disappointingly, there is NO Happy Hour available.  This $24 price is for one measly glass of wine, yes baffling, this price is NOT per wine bottle.
#REVIEW#I love this place. The food is so tasty and the staff are so attentive and professional. The restaurant itself is has a really nice atmosphere and I love when the open the tall windows of the restaurant during the summer. That being said as much as I love this place it's very pricey- not an exaggeration. BUT with their new happy hour ( they call it green hour) you can  try some of their food and cocktails for a fraction of the price. You cannot ask for a better deal. Green hour is on weekdays from 4-7
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner before a show the other day! The food was great, nothing I can say was out of this world, but delicious none the less. For an app I had the French onion soup. Was different than your typical soup, not as heavy and a little more liquidy and light on cheese. For the meal we had the filet mignon with truffle butter. If you like a char to your steak, you will love it. We also had the mushroom ravioli. Also delicious! Although it's pasta it tasted very light, highly recommend. For dessert we had the lemon and raspberry sorbet. The service was very attentive and accommodating.
#REVIEW#I've been for brunch and dinner, and I really recommend this restaurant! Although brunch was tasty the dinner food was out of this world. Service was on point and the manager was so sweet. We started with some drinks, a spritz and a Long Island iced tea. Presentation was on perfect for everything, including the drinks. Started with the octopus and scallops both I HIGHLY recommend. The octopus was one of the best I've had and the scallops are a must order. My entree was the salmon and rich had the cut of the week. A sliced filet with a jumbo Caribbean lobster tail! Both dishes were incredible, see the photos I will attach! Thank you Boucherie I will definitely return and I recommend to everyone!
#REVIEW#We came back to celebrate another birthday dinner celebration. We made reservations and were seated promptly upon arrival.As usual, the service was impeccable. The waiter was accommodating towards our culinary preferences and checked on us throughout the evening. It was a delicate balance and an art to ensure we were taken care of yet without being too intrusive. We wanted to try something different for the appetizers and ordered the artichoke soup. We had the seafood squid ink pasta, porter house and scallops for entrees. The pasta was simply too delicious that I couldn't help but savor every minute of it. The seafood was fresh and flavorful. My significant other enjoyed the steak very much. Based on presentation, all the dishes were neatly  and beautifully arranged. We didn't order dessert but to our delight, our waiter surprised us with a complimentary dessert. Furthermore, the waiter also gifted us with the chef's cookbook. We were extremely pleased with our culinary experience and gave them a generous tip. Well done and well deserved!One thing we noticed was the tables for seating for two near the booth were a bit too tight and close to our neighbors. Nonetheless, it was a wonderful evening. Look forward to going back again.
#REVIEW#We came here for a late night dinner with an 11:00pm reservation. We had taken a quick look at the menu before deciding on which French restaurant we wanted to eat at that night. Almost everything on the menu looked delicious! Done. Reservations made.There was also the bonus of all bottles of wine ordered after 9 PM are 50% off! Perfect!We arrived and were promptly seated. There were only a few occupied tables left in the restaurant at this time. We quickly perused the menu, not wanting to keep staff there longer than necessary,  even though they are open until 1 AM on Saturdays. Because we did not pay close attention to the menu, we each ordered entrees that were not offered on this particular day. They have a special offering every day of the week. They are staples in French cuisine and I'm surprised they are not offered daily.  When we finally got to something that was offered on a Saturday, they were out. I suppose that is to be expected when you have such a late reservation. No big deal.That left little left on the menu to choose from, so we both ordered the Beef Bourguignon . Can't go wrong with that right?  It was a good choice, although there wasn't much of a choice, but it was absolutely delicious!!It had large, tender chunks of beef that tasted like the best short rib I have ever had! No, I do not know what cut of meat it was but it tasted like amazing tender, flavorful, melt in your mouth short rib. It also had sweet tender carrots, just the right size of delicious meaty mushrooms and pearl onions in a delicious, perfectly thickened red wine sauce. I make this myself at home and take great pride in the results but this was above and beyond that, as I had hoped!For an appetizer, we had the Foie Gras mousse. It was good but I truly hoped for a single piece of pan seared foie gras to be available but it was not. This is second-best to that offering.The ambience is romantic dimly lit and intimate. It is a beautiful space. And the service was excellent. The only thing that was not five stars for the entire evening was when we did not receive 50% off of our bottle of wine as advertised, the waiter said that was not available after 11 PM. We explained that our reservation was at 11 PM and we were seated a couple minutes prior to that waiting to place our order. We ordered the wine immediately upon his arrival to the table. And we did not even know because it was not advertised anywhere that this special ended at 11 PM, especially when they are open until 1 AM. He went to away begrudgingly and came back and said OK in a not so friendly tone. I would knock off half the stuff for that if it was possible but I guess not truly deserved. We ended up getting it for 50% off.This truly is a recommend a place in NYC for French food. Although it's close to tourist areas, don't believe the negative hype. If there is any. I would most definitely return!!!
#REVIEW#Stopped here for a quick lunch while running some errands in the city. Had a lovely time.The food here is good and dependable. Nothing out of the ordinary but feels like no matter what you'd order, you'd be happy with it.The steak tartare was good but a little bland. The Boucherie burger was really great, especially the caramelized onions. I actually feel crazy saying this but their French Fries are amazing. So crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.The only weird thing is the bread that was served on the table was so soft but the butter they served was rock hard so spreading the butter on the bread was particularly difficult.
#REVIEW#We came here because of the 4.5 star reviews.  It was a lovely day and my husband secured a lovely table by the open doors to enjoy a lovely spring day.  And then it went all wrong - Yelpers you had this one wrong.I ordered a kir and my husband already had a beer when I arrived.  It took 20 minutes for my drink to arrive.  The drink was good and the day was lovely so okay who cares.  We waited another 1/2 hour for our waiter to reappear to take our order.  Good thing though, I was going to order the croque monsieur but one arrived at a neighboring table and it was no croque monsieur like I have ever seen - that patron must have agreed since she left most of it over.  I ordered the mussels and fries and my husband the sandwich au boeuf.   It took one full hour for our entrees to arrive from when we ordered them.  We are now in the restaurant for 2 hours.  The mussels could best be described as barely edible.  Many many empty shells (and no loose mussels on the bottom of the bowl?) the lardons they were undercooked with were very fatty.  The mussels (except for 2) were tiny and rather disgusting looking (see the photos).  My husbands "steak" sandwich was greasy and fatty.  On the one positive side the fries were hot and freshly fried.  We left almost all our food over and the restaurant was apologetic and comped the meal and we only paid for drinks.  There were very nice restaurants nearby we would have gone to if not for all the glowing yelp reviews.  Sad. . .
#REVIEW#My friend and I had a pretty mediocre NYE dinner here at Boucherie, and that's pretty disappointing because this restaurant was highly recommended by my friends and fellow Yelpers. We had an early reservation at 6:30pm, so the dining room was rather empty and we were seated right away. Almost immediately, we noticed a problem with the table. The table was rickety and unstable; one of the legs didn't touch the floor. I brought it to the attention of a waiter and after working on it for several minutes, and 2 failed attempts, he finally decided to wrap a wine cork in a postcard and put it underneath the leg..props to his innovation, but the fact that they didn't just offer us a new table didn't sit well with me. On such a big night like NYE, and for such an acclaimed restaurant; we were quite disappointed. Now on to the food, I ordered the escargot for apps, and for our mains, I had the Filet Mignon with truffle butter and my buddy ordered the 16oz dry-aged bone-in NY strip; both steaks cooked medium rare. The snails came out first. Buttery, rich, cleaned well and quite tasty, the escargot were a hit! After about 15-20 minutes, our steaks finally arrived! I tried my filet and I have to say I was disappointed. Besides the fact that there was barely any seasoning, it was probably the toughest filet mignon I've ever eaten. And get this, my friend's NY Strip was more tender than my filet! How does that make sense? -_- And to top it off, dessert was interesting..So, I booked the reservation on OpenTable. Just a regular reservation, nothing else added on, no special requests, etc. I decide to get a dessert, and my friend does not. However, the waitstaff proceed to bring over a complimentary dessert of trio of sorbet with the words "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate on the side of the plate! LOLL So the waitstaff and management somehow concluded that my friend and I were a gay couple! *facepalm* Oy vey, this first experience at Boucherie was a doozy. For such a highly touted restaurant, not just by the impressive reviews, but also by my fellow Elite peers, to fail to deliver a pleasurable dining experience on a big night like NYE. Maybe I'll consider coming back in the future to the first location in West Village. *shrugs*
#REVIEW#The service was amazing and the food was even better! We went for a birthday dinner which was perfect. It was a party of 7, they were quick with everything but we never felt rushed. We ordered serval items on the menu but my most favor was our 50oz tomahawk steak on top of bone marrow. Along with the sides and other appetizers we order it was perfect for our group of 7. We were not disappointed!
#REVIEW#Loved the ambience. Perfect place for a date night or to celebrate a special occasion.Food was delicious! Had escargot, grilled octopus, chicken, and sea bass. Finished every single bite. Service was great. Our waitress Catalina was very friendly, attentive, and personable. Would come back again!
#REVIEW#Insane Truffle Burger  This burger is with Wagyu meat (is a good quality meat that can melt in your mouth) in a soft bread, truffle sauce, slices of truffle, caramelized onions and gruyere cheese. Mamá Mia so delicious. Btw the fries are crispy, that's a very important detail for your life :)The restaurant has a nice style decoration, put good French music and the servers are very friendly. Bonne chance mon ami - Enjoy your food my friend . See you soon in another review @elmanudominguez (Instagram)
#REVIEW#First of all, there were not that many customers at around 5-6pm today. But the service was very very slow. If we did not keep raising our hands for more water, no one paid attention to us. And throughout the entire dinner, no one come and take away the dirty plates nor the empty bread basket. Other than that, we ordered one lobster tail with steak, and also an American stripe steak. We thought we ordered medium, but they served well done, it's a bit hard to chew. Overall, the fries and the lobster tail are the best. The steak is not as expected. The service, need to be improved.
#REVIEW#Really great little French spot just north of Union Square on Park. Big space with super great atmosphere and really attentive staff.Had the foie gras appetizer and it was awesome. A ramekin-sized portion of the best foie gras mousse with a side of salad and toast and some kind of pickled cabbage. So good.Also had the branzino with olive tapenade which was perfectly cooked and delicious.Sampled a bit of the mushroom ravioli which was really rich and huge. Delicious.Overall a great spot and an awesome meal.
