#NAME#Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/tasty-hand-pulled-noodles-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,noodles#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Absolutely fantastic, I was literally just here and I can't wait to come back already. We got vegetarian knife cut pan fried noodles, beef and shrimp knife cut pan fried noodles, Fujianese wonton meat ball soup, and vegetable steam fried dumplings. The knife cut noodles have such a wonderful soft, doughy, irregular texture. It was such a great value. Everything came out to $26, we couldn't believe the price. The restaurant was really clean inside, and the food came out super fast. It's in a fun location on an interesting street with lots of good food. I absolutely recommend coming to Tasty Hand - Pulled Noodles
#REVIEW#It's okayHad dumplings, and noodlesThe sauce is really good and chili sauceOther than that nothing to write home about. Good texture on noodles but broth didn't like that much
#REVIEW#My favorite for simple, consistent, heart-warming noodle dishes. The spicy cucumbers are so good and the vegetable dumpling noodle soup is my go to. Stir-fried noodle dishes always look and smell amazing, but I can't bear to order anything but the soup when I go because I can never get veggie broth anywhere else. Tight quarters and quick! Get in, slurp it up, and get out in 30-40 min.
#REVIEW#Best hand pulled noodles i have ever had in my life!! No seriously. Noodles, especially Lo MEIN/chow MEIN is my favorite Chinese dish ever. They just crazy blew it . I can't explain it much by saying how great this place is. It's in the heart of China town coming from a true Chinese family ready to serve and feed you a true FEAST. If I ever come back in NY, it's a must try ! For anyone who wants to get the best noodles ever, COME HERE ! Highly recommend:Special House pulled noodles Fried pork dumplings Tip: cash only!! & one meal is PERFECT TO SHARE! Don't think it's enough for one person trust us!
#REVIEW#Too many food options don't phase meBut in choosing this I was too hastyThey do give you oodlesAnd oodles of noodlesBut this hand-pulled stuff isn't *that* tastyThe noodles aren't the only thing hand-pulled around here. Oh wait we shouldn't be discussing my private life. So what if I'm lonely.They're actually pretty tasty, but not worthy of 5 stars.I enjoyed the noodles even though there were a whole lot of them, enough to feed half of Hong Kong.This seems to be Cantonese style food with a little bit of Americanization but mainly focusing on the Cantonese. They do it well. I enjoy it and they have a lot of the standard dishes that you would expect and they do them well and serve very very generous portions with affordable prices which is a godsend in Manhattan.While I would not say these are my favourite Chinese dishes in Chinatown (so many amazing five star gems hidden around the area), they're definitely a good standard and I would return here even if I wasn't at gunpoint by an Albanian mafia henchman.
#REVIEW#The noodles are so chewy and springy! It's like chewing on abalone or bubble gum in your mouth. I opted for the shrimp and chicken knife cut noodles. The noodles were wider and larger which have more texture to chew through. I absolutely loved it! The dish over was well seasoned but they give you a bunch of condiments at your table to flavor the dish to your liking. The place is small and tight inside. They also only accept cash only so come prepared!
#REVIEW#Wow. This tiny Chinatown restaurant is SO delicious. I ordered the roasted duck noodles with the fat hand pulled noodles (you have a choice between 5 types of noodles) and it was so so good. My friend ordered the roasted pork noodles, with the small wide noodles. The noodle dishes are very large - finish-able if you are hungry but for me served as two meals (one there and one later, from the leftovers I brought home)We also ordered the steamed shrimp dumplings to share, which were standard but good. We were also allowed to bring our own beer (I called ahead to make sure) and the server was happy to open them for us. You can tell that the noodles at this place truly are Hand-Pulled by the fresh taste and variation in size. We will definitely be back. I always like to say that I will come back and order something different but I know that realistically, I will come back and order the same thing.
#REVIEW#Can't tell if it's because I was extremely hungry, but their roast duck pan fried hand pulled noodles are probably some of the best noodles I've tasted. I liked how it wasn't too salty and was a bit sweet. The duck was also pretty soft/easy to eat and flavorful. I would definitely order this dish again next time I come back. I also got the fried pork dumplings and a beef soup, which were both pretty tasty but nothing exceptional. We came around 1:30pm on a Saturday and were able to get seated pretty quickly, but we got the last table. The table and store is pretty small, but it's Chinatown. They have a basement seating area, but I didn't get seated down there. This place is cash only. Compared to a lot of other Chinatown noodle places, this place is on the pricier side (although still extremely cheap compared to the rest of NYC lol). I would definitely return for their roast duck noodles though.
#REVIEW#This review is based on the delivery that I ordered from here last night. Due to the dreary weather outside, we didn't feel like going anywhere so we decided to order in. At first, we were a little disappointed that it said that we would have to wait over an hour for our food though it was peak dinner hours so we did sort of expect as much, but the food actually came over fifteen minutes earlier (a very rare occurrence)! On top of that, the delivery man was so friendly as well. For the three of us, we ordered a Beef Noodle Soup, Fujianese Wonton Noodle Soup, Pan Fried Roast Duck Noodles, and Pork Vegetable Dumplings. Let's just say that for $40 (including tax and tip), it was way too much food. We finished the two noodle soups and the dumplings but I've been able to split out the Roast Duck noodles for two lunches. Talk about a great deal! The food is also pretty good, especially considering that we weren't eating it there (oftentimes, the food gets cold by the time it arrives). I preferred the noodle soup over the pan fried noodles, but both are pretty solid. My personal favorite type of noodles is the Fat Hand Pulled Noodles which is what I ordered for my Wonton Noodle Soup (they're super thick and chewy but it's all really personal preference). The dumplings had a delicious filling but the skin was a little on the soggier side. However, the sauce that they give you to dip the dumplings in was SOOOO GOOD. All in all, we were pretty satisfied with our meal and the service we were provided. Would definitely order from again in the future.
#REVIEW#delicious fried chicken/veggie and pork/veggie dumplings!!! i cannot recommend them enough. the noodles are delicious but under no circumstances get the chicken noodles, their chicken was weirdly gelatinous......i shouldn't have gotten them. service is expected, busy and fast. don't expect anything special. comes with tea complimentary- a nice touch. small restaurant, smells a little questionable i'm not going to lie. definitely come for some good dumplings and noodles!
#REVIEW#When you can see the chef rolling and stretching your noodles right before your eyes....there is nothing better. I visited NYC on a weekend and had to stop at this restaurant. Small and quaint, friendly staff - they allowed me to go into the kitchen and record the chef, THE THINGS I DO FOR YELP. I ordered the roasted duck noodles --- so full of flavor and the noodles were so chewy and fresh. I ate the entire thing and I kept on my self guided food tour in Chinatown...Great spot, loved my noodles until the last drop.
#REVIEW#A little rough on the eyes, this restaurant is definitely a hole in the wall.....but that's how you know you're getting the authentic hand-pulled noodle experience you signed up for in the first place!Every time I stop by for a $7 lunch I'm transported from Manhattan and into China (Yes. I did just say, $7 including tip and hot tea). Don't worry about that loud banging noise, for once it's not New York city maintenance or construction. The ruckus is in fact just your delicious noodles being tossed around...quite literally. Things to keep in mind when stopping by: cash onlyFast paced environmentparties of 5 or more will be cramped for spaceYou can easily eat yourself into a food comma
#REVIEW#For the price you can't beat it. I also highly recommend hand pulled or peeled noodles. They taste SO much better. If you ever come across a place that has this do yourself a favor!I ordered the vegetarian soup with fat hand peeled. The bowl is so big that I definitely can save the rest of this for dinner. I also got it so fast. If you need it delivered it looks like the offer this. Only downside of my experience is it is cash only which I always find super inconvenient. Luckily I had $7 on me. Amazing and will be back.
#REVIEW#The BIG THICC noodles was so bomb and the Fried tofu!!It was about $7 but the portion was so big oh man could def feed 2 peopleSpace was pretty small and cramped, a family of 4 came so I had to leave and find a random stool in ChinatownI went on a Friday eveningThere were def a lot of touristIt's fj ppl own this, good service, friendly
#REVIEW#Cold day out so I decided to take a trip to Chinatown and get some noodle soup.  Wanted to keep it simple so I went withHand Pulled Noodle Soup with Roast Duck - the broth was really creamy, it's the first time I have ever had pull noodles with this kind of broth. Almost ramen like. The noodles were amazing, you could tell it was fresh and just pulled because of the tenderness. The bowl itself would have been a perfect 5 but...the duck. It was disappointing, not enough duck for a $8.50 bowl. On top of that I spent a significant amount of time chewing the bone and being careful not to choke on anything.I would absolutely recommend this place for the broth and noodles however skip the duck. Too dangerous.
#REVIEW#Food is soooo good just like what i remembered in my childhood memory.We had knife cut sliced noodle pan fried with pork and vege, and hand pulled noodle in beef stock.The pan fried noodle was very tasty and filling, highly recommended! Noodle in beef stock was good, but not as tasty compared the pan friend noodle. Ok to be fair, the place is tinny and seating wasn't that comfortable, for me this is a fast food place where you come-eat-leave, it's not a place for party or hangout, i can give 4 stars but the noodle taste so good so i don't mind give them one more for value-for-money good taste food.
#REVIEW#This place is known for the variety of hand-pulled noodles. Situated at Chinatown, Manhattan and easy to locate, the place is quite small in seating. The food which we ordered were shrimp and chicken steamed dumplings and the regular chicken and shrimp hand-pulled noodles. What's special about the noodles? They are never ending noodles which has to be broken in every bite but yummy and soft and very bite gets the explosion of flavors in the mouth. The noodles comes with the right amount of meat and veggies which makes it a healthy option too! And if you're a light eater, then you should tag along with one more person to complete one entire plate of noodles!
#REVIEW#Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles is one of the go to spots for tasty hand-pulled noodle soups in Chinatown! Nestled on the windy Doyers street, you can find this spot with its blue hood and grungy interior.You pretty much can't go wrong with any of the noodle soups they offer. The noodles - as expected - are hand pulled and fresh... leading to a satisfying soft, chewy texture when eaten. I'm a huge beef noodle soup fan so have a very high bar... That being said, solid 4/5.In terms of appetizers, strongly suggest the firm bean curd with seaweed, and mashed cucumber.Remember! This is a cash only spot so bring that .
#REVIEW#This restaurant has great noodles! We had a hard time finding it since it is tucked away, but it was worth the search. This restaurant is completely clean and safe and the food is amazing! We had the chicken soup with dumplings and pan fried pulled noodles with chicken, etc. Delicious!
#REVIEW#Wow! Everything we had here was delicious. Pan fried chicken dumplings, spring rolls, and chicken pan fried noodles. My husband doesn't even like pan fried noodles / chow mein but he loved these. Highly recommend!!
