#NAME#Red Bamboo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/red-bamboo-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegetarian,soulfood,vegan#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Went for the first time yesterday -- and have no idea why it took me so long to eat here...The cajun shrimp was amazing!!! We just had appetizers and desserts, but everything was great and I will definitely be coming back for the entrees. The only thing is - they don't take reservations, which is kind of a bummer.
#REVIEW#I came here on a Saturday evening with my sister at around 7pm, and we had to wait around 30 min for a table for 2. That's not too bad considering how small the restaurant is and how popular it is. We ordered the roti canai and the chicken satay to start off with. Both of which were delicious, although quite small portions. The sauces they came with were tasty but a tad bit sweet. We were hoping for something a bit spicy, but other than that they hit the spot.For entrees, we ordered a Dante's Cuisine which we found kind of weird. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables (which had absolutely no seasoning), that was kind of odd. But the chicken itself was ok - not as tasty as we would have liked, or peppery. It also is definitely on the heavier side, so it might not seem like alot but it definitely will fill you up.I look forward to coming back and trying new dishes.
#REVIEW#Great atmosphere, the sweet and sour "chicken" was OKAY. Not my favorite won't get that again. The spring rolls were yummmy! And so was the duck sauce . Service was quick and attentive.
#REVIEW#Even in NYC which is vegan friendly, Red Bamboo is the only place where vegan food taste as good as it looks and sounds. Amazing menu selection that can be appreciated by all- when two of my friends visit it is both of their favorite restaurant and onlyOne is vegan! Love the Mac and cheese and the veggie burger, as well as the immense flavorful portions that don't cause you to dish out a fortune! Very affordable for the quality. The Brussels sprouts are great, but the fakin bacon is a must have (worth adding to the veggie burger). Appreciate this place for its affordable, delicious vegan food that has an extensive menu for all palettes. Makes eating vegan as a group not only doable, but fun!!
#REVIEW#They have really Good vegan food. I wasnt expecting to be that great if im being honest. Wait times are a little long though.
#REVIEW#I absolutely LOVE this place! A great friend introduced me to this delicious Vegan/Vegetarian gem last December. I was preparing for my big move to NYC in the Spring, so I was happy to try something different. Red Bamboo did not disappoint. The Chicken Satay, Dante's Cuisine, and Southern Fried Chicken are among my favorites, but there are so many other delicious dishes to try! They also make a very tasty Pineapple, Lemon, and Ginger drink, which I prefer hot. The Caramel Cake is good, but the gorgeous art canvas of the legendary Ms. Billie Holiday was the real treat! I liked it so much, I bought a similar piece for my new place. I finally moved to Brooklyn in March 2019, but work in the city. Not only is Red Bamboo within walking distance of my office, but also some of my other favorite places in the Village. I try to go in at least once or twice a month, although I'm not a vegan or vegetarian!
#REVIEW#If you're vegan, try the food. If you're not vegan, still try the food !I wish I would of known of this place when i lived in NYC ! The food was soo good. For starters, I had the BBQ buffalo wings and popcorn shrimp. The bbq buffalo wings were delicious ! The sauce was perfect! The popcorn shrimp were good also. Seasoned to perfection!For my main course, I had the sweet & sour chicken with white rice. Loved that also. I only wish they cooked the peppers down more because I love peppers and they were almost raw :( my friend had the mango chicken and he enjoyed that also. I tasted it and it was really good. The mango pieces basically melted in your mouth. I would recommend EVERYONE to try this place even if they aren't vegan. Give the meat a rest for a day but still have some great food. Ill definitely be returning !
#REVIEW#This is my second time eating here, and it was fabulous! Our server, Leslie was attentive and professional. This is, by far, the best vegetarian restaurant I have found. Having had a late lunch, I couldn't eat more than a main course. Fortunately for me, it was the bomb: Teriyaki Chicken Bowl was fabulous, served piping hot and full of flavor. Check out their full menu, on their site; it is extensive. My husband had the Coconut Chicken and is was beautifully served, with slices of pineapple. There is no alcohol, so if you are so inclined, you must bing your own. The food is fresh, and moderately priced. I highly recommend Red Bamboo.
#REVIEW#Vegan food???***Locals West 4th street has a lot of vegan restaurants!***Travelers This is fake meat, but it tastes good and has similar texture too!***My Recommendation We ordered Creole Soul Chicken, Szechuan Beef, and Ribs. All fake meat, but delicious! They also kind of taste like real meat! It's heavy on the sauces, but perfect for sharing! They also have vegan beer and ice cream! So many options on the menu.IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#It's not the first time I had vegan food so I knew what to expect. I came here with two other friends last Monday around 6:30. We were seated pretty quickly. It got pretty busy later in the evening.AmbianceCasualFoodI thought the food was decent. I wasn't wow-ed but it was well prepared.  The have a big menu so I'll be back to try some of their other options.ServiceThe waitresses were great and really attentive.I want to try the wings the next time I go back. Everyone raves about them.
#REVIEW#Not even vegan and I end up coming back here again and again. Of all the local vegan places, this one is my favorite. I honestly like their buffalo wings more than actual chicken wings. Most of my friends agreed that it was amazing. In terms of main courses, I've had the chicken parm, mango chicken, and creole soul chicken. Of all three, my favorite was the mango chicken. So delicious! Their milkshakes are also delicious, you would never know that they're vegan! Note: they don't take reservations, so expect to wait awhile during peak times as they're quite a small restaurant.
#REVIEW#The reviews hyped me up to come here. The BBQ wings... are bomb. I'd choose these over regular (chicken) wings. They're made out of soy and they even put a little stick inside the wings, which I think is cute. The BBQ sauce is flavorful and has a nice kick to it. It comes with a side of ranch but I like it without. I do think that this place can afford to add more than 4 skinny pieces of celery sticks as the side...I didn't get to try the other items on the menu but they have lots of options for a vegetarian spot, even dessert!
#REVIEW#This place is a must for all vegetarians. The food is so delicious. My wife is vegetarian and I'm not but I don't mind going to this restaurant. I don't miss the meat. My favorite is the buffalo wings. As a meat eater these wings taste better than the real thing. The restaurant is a small and cozy place. A typical green which village vibe. The deserts are decadent.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and was overwhelmed by the all the enticing menu offerings.It was a difficult decision but I ended up sharing the: Dragonfly Dumplings, Barbecue Buffalo Wings, Black Bean Ginger Stir Fry, and Sausage Sliders with Bacon and Guac.The Sausage Sliders were a "miss" for me. There was hardly any guac and the texture of the sausage wasn't super appealing.The Black Bean Stir Fry wasn't a unique vegan offering but I liked that they didn't skimp on vegetables.My two favorite dishes were the bbq buffalo wings and the dragonfly dumplings. The dumplings were fried and crispy on the outside and sooo plump. I loved the texture of the wings. It had a very similar texture to real duck meat.Overall, I had a satisfying meal and left super full. I didn't miss real meat at all. Service was also prompt but unobtrusive.I will definitely be back next time I'm in the area to order the bbq wings and dumplings!
#REVIEW#The Perfect Place for the Manhattan Vegan!While visiting NYC last month, I was determined to find some of the best vegan spots in the city.  It's no surprise that this city would have some superior vegan places, but the best one that I visited was Red Bamboo in Manhattan.Suggested by a friend, I wasn't initially sold on checking it out.  It was my first time in New York, and the timing had to be perfect.  After a failed attempt to spend the afternoon in Brooklyn, I regrouped and took an Uber to RB.The options are endless.  When I returned to my hotel after Brooklyn, I browsed the menu in anticipation.  Much of the menu is inspired by Asian fare, but they had many items that I would consider vegan pub food: burgers, sandwiches, and appetizers.  In fact, the most popular item on the menu is undoubtedly their barbecue wings, which I unfortunately didn't try.  However, it's on the agenda for my next NYC trip!I wanted to go with a more Asian inspired meal.  For starters, I ordered the Crab Rangoon:  deep-fried wontons filled with shredded soy crab, scallions, and vegan cheese. They were served with sweet chili dipping sauce.  My main course was Sesame Beef:  grilled soy beef strips topped with sesame seeds and a side of steamed carrots, snow peas, broccoli, and a side of white or brown rice.Red Bamboo also has a very solid beer selection, ranging from imported to craft beer.  I enjoyed a few libations while getting my vegan on!As far as prices, I would consider RB fairly reasonable for Manhattan.  Their vegan burger starts at seven dollars, and most of the entrees are in the mid to low teens.  However, with app and two beers, my tab was nearly forty bucks.  Live a little, people!I am in love.  Red Bamboo might be worked into every NYC trip.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Thursday around 6:30pm.The good: All the food was pretty yummy We decided to share a couple of appetizers: Crab rangoon, asian dumplings, bourbon chicken, Seoul pancakes and steamed veggies. The soso: Service was alrightThe bad: Place is pretty small and not ideal for large groupsFinal Verdict: Would return if in the area and in the mood for vegan.
#REVIEW#Excellent vegetarian cuisine! So many choices I had a hard time choosing. I finally chose the veggie chicken satay and the vegetarian steak sandwich. You must try them out!
#REVIEW#This place is a vegan dream come true! It's so good it makes you question is this even vegan?? I have gone here many times even with my non-vegan friends and never told them that it was vegan and they really thought they were eating meat. I definitely recommend you sample couple of dishes to get the full experience of this place you will definitely want to come back again and again. Only downside is the place is the size of a kitchen but I kind a like it that way once restaurants expand and go commercial their quality of food goes down the drain
#REVIEW#Came here with a friend who is vegetarian on a weekday evening and waited about 20 minutes to be seated. Food came quickly but I must warn you this place gets LOUD. It must be from the low ceilings or something, as I could barely hold a conversation. We got the Seoul Pancakes and Caribbean Jerk Spiced Seitan for starters, then the Eggplant Parmesan to share along with the Broccoli Mashed Potatoes and Onion Rings. I liked the Seitan skewers, but found the pancakes to be too mushy. My friend and I felt like the addition of sweet peppers in the pancakes overwhelmed the taste. The eggplant parm was great, but the accompanying pieces of garlic toast were tiny, stale and cold.I'd definitely give this place another shot next time and try a few different things, but I found the food to be rather underwhelming.
#REVIEW#I love this place!  One of the best vegan places in the city. Sorry I didn't take pictures. The buffalo bbq wings are amazing.  The fried shrimp is fantastic.  The sizzling pepper steak is delicious.  Why aren't more people switching from eating dead animals again?  The place is quaint.  Wish they had more locations.  Thumbs all the way up for Red Bamboo!!
