#NAME#Bosie Tea Parlor
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bosie-tea-parlor-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#coffee,tea,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#4.5 stars rounded up Unassuming & modestly decorated, Bosie Tea Parlor is located on a West Village street with relatively light foot traffic -- a true hidden gem if there ever was one. For the Bosie Tea Service ($34 for one, $66 for two), choose a tea, two macarons (I chose Rose & Salted Caramel), & three sandwiches. My party of three indulged in three tiers of carb-heavy goodies. Their dry scones were the only negative; the sweets (a chocolate brownie cookie, sugar cookie, mini madeleines, & macarons) were as tasty as they were adorable, & the crustless sandwiches (I chose cucumber & cream cheese, egg salad, & chicken breast w/ golden raisins & curried mayo) were well made & substantial in size. Couldn't have been more please with their Earl Grey selection; my Dorian Grey, in particular. Male patrons (or rather, males that are dragged by their lady friends) will feel welcome here, as there is a lack of the usual frilly, overdone Victorian decor pieces (that I so appreciate!) at other tea houses. Looking forward to my next visit!
#REVIEW#Never anything bad to say about this place. I've been to many high tea restaurants around the world: Shanghai, New Zealand, New York, etc, but this has to be the best. I think it even trumps The Plaza's high tea. Walking in, you'll see a soft yellow glow on dark wood tables and chairs. It's a small parlor and reservations are unavailable under 6 people. They not only have high tea, but also some tea and meal services available.I've only ever come here for high tea so I will talk about that.Generally (I say this because the menu changes ever so slightly year by year), you are allowed to pick a small tea with your high tea service order. I believe it's around $60-$80 per person. The tea menu is humongous. There are so many teas from Asia I've never heard from. On the regular menu for high tea, you will receive scones with butter and raspberry jelly. You will also receive 3 sandwiches with 2 of each kind. There are options from salmon, crab, cucumber, cheese, etc. The time I went last week, they also had an option of choosing two macaron flavors. The last few desserts are seasonal. I received tiny Madeleines and cookies this time around. Bosie is my favorite tea parlor simply because of their varieties of teas and classy silverware. The selection of desserts only further proves its quality as the best high tea restaurant for its price.
#REVIEW#This is a cute and quaint tea parlor! I've had a pleasant time every visit thus far. :)Loves:+ Lovely staff+ Yummy pastries+ Reasonable prices (most teapots are $7 small/$11 large)+ On quiet street in West VillageNot so love:- not a ton of seating inside; best for parties of twoSurprisingly I have not come for high tea yet, but that just means an excuse to come back in the future! :)
#REVIEW#I absolutely love this place! I was visiting New York from Los Angeles on a recent trip, and had to visit Bowie, being obsessed with all things tea. It was nice and quiet, on a weekday late morning. Had the cucumber sandwiches, raspberry montebello, and pot of black tea and everything was so tasty. The raspberry montebello was drool worthy- the perfect chewy/soft texture, and perfect amount of tartness/sweetness. I'd eat it everyday. Service was great. Attentive and helpful without being suffocating. I wish Bosie was in Los Angeles!
#REVIEW#This was lovely. I always enjoy tea houses, and this was not a disappointment. I liked how they keep the decor simple and unassuming, whereas others are more in-your-face girly, so men feel welcome here as well. I tried the southern green tea, which was awesome, because it had a pecan and caramel taste. Tried the purple tea as well, which was super subtle in taste. They also have an impressive food menu. I tried the vegetable soup, which was delicious, but more on the oily side. The French waitress was great. Not pushy at all, but attentive to everyone. Even though it can get crowded, it's still a relatively very quiet place, so keep that in mind.
#REVIEW#A cute afternoon tea place in the West Village. Not the best I've had, but it was quality for its price. Ordered the tea for three. We actually asked for the tea for two and wanted to just add in an extra tea, but the waitress wasn't really paying attention and didn't understand us clearly. Think the tea for two would've been better for three girls.The tea service comes with a pot of tea, 2 mini scones, 2 macarons, 2 madeleines, 2 mini cookies, and 3 tea sandwiches. You can choose which macarons and sandwiches you would like. The three of us ordered the Egg Salad, cucumber, Chicken Breast, and Smoked Salmon sandwiches. They unfortunately didn't have some of their more popular, unique macarons like rose, cheesecake, and passion fruit, so we ordered raspberry, pistachio and lemon. The food and tea weren't anything special. The scones with their cream and jam were my favorite; their delicious jam and cream weren't too sweet and were a good balance with the scones.
#REVIEW#Boise tea Parlor is a cozy, elegant and extremely popular brunch spot in the West Village. It's quite hyped at this point, and we came here to see what all the fuss was about. In the end, we left pleased though not blown away.Inside, the place is nicely done with old-school decor elements. Gives a very classy, elegant and refined sort of feel to the place. We picked a nice strong classic black tea that went well with milk and honey. We also got the crab and cucumber sandwiches and some mini scones to eat (Mini because they were out of the scones we wanted, and our server offered to substitute them with mini versions instead). The sandwiches were tasty and the mini scones were good but a little dense. We also got a rose macaron dessert which came with lychee and raspberries, which I found a bit too sweet for my liking.A big let down here was the customer management. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait. When we went on a Sunday at around 2pm there was an hour's wait for two persons (!). We put down our names and got a small bite in the area - deciding that we will do tea and scones here. It took nearly the whole hour before our table was ready, and once seated, they were out of scones! We would have definitely appreciated a heads up before we put our names down, so we would at least be aware we might not get the main thing we were coming for.I left with the feeling that Boise is very typical of this part the village - nicely done up, fancy looking places that generate a lot of buzz and subsequently lead to long lines and wait times. Was the food good otherwise? Yes, definitely, but not outstanding. Worth a try for sure but I doubt would do this again, given the number of otherwise excellent spots in the city.
#REVIEW#I came to this shop on a rainy day and thoroughly enjoyed it. The rustic feel of the shop and the calm music in the background made me feel so relaxed. I hope to come again and drink another cup of Kyoto rose tea and taste another bite of the cucumber sandwich.
#REVIEW#This is based on the Afternoon Tea service I had for dinner. If I came here just for the tea and scones, then it'd be more of a 4.The place is cute, and the service was attentive but I was disappointed that the tea service I had wasn't in a cute multi-tier presentation. For $36, I also expected the sandwich bread to be soft and not dry.It comes with 3 sandwich choices & I picked:- Chicken Breast with golden raisins and curried mayonnaise on multi-grain- Farmer's Egg Salad with thyme blossoms on whole wheat - Cheddar Cheese and Branston pickle on whole wheat The egg salad was the best, then the chicken. I thought I was stretching it with the cheese and pickle, but I didn't like that one at all. I couldn't finish the sandwiches because of the previously mentioned dry bread :( My first 2 initial choices for macarons were sold out so I settled for the Matcha and the Lemon Praline. Matcha was fine but the Lemon was too sweet for my liking. The included mini madeleines and cookies were fine but my favorite out of everything was the mini scones as the clotted cream and jam were delicious.Overall a cute place, but would rather just have the tea and scones instead of the full service. Note: I sat in the back near the restroom, and there is a cylindrical pipe that runs from top to bottom of the wall. This is HOT. I almost burned myself by leaning against it and there should really be a warning sign. Beware!BONUS: I didn't know until too late, but there is a 10% off your first visit on Groupon. Remember to claim it before you pay the bill!
#REVIEW#Came here for a tea service on a Saturday night.  Our server was very helpful in recommendations and knowledge about the tea's they served.  With that said,he tea was absolutely phenomenal here! I had the milk oolong tea and was blown away on how they got such an amazing aroma, and milky taste with no milk.  I also tried the ginger beer which was pretty good too. It almost had a LIT taste to it more than a beer.  The sandwiches and desserts came out on a multi-tier display and were all pretty delicious.  I think in terms of value, you're better off ordering what you want off the menu. I don't think the value was quite there at the tea service prices. I would absolutely go back though^^
#REVIEW#This place is so cute! I came in with my friend to do the Bosie Tea service for two. It was pretty crowded for Saturday and waited about 30 - 45 mins until a table was available. There is an assortment of tea you may select, all which are lovely. The sweets and sandwiches were good overall, but not mind blowing. It was also the right amount of food in my opinion; I got full easily. Definitely a solid place for tea service.I also ordered the caneles (a Bordeaux specialty) to go. These are certainly one of the best in the city. Grab some if you can!
#REVIEW#My friend and I came on a Monday holiday and got in for brunch right away. We did the tea service for two with Shrangi-la tea (I forget the other one we had). It was a ton of food, definitely worth it. We did an assortment of sandwiches; the best ones were cheese and cucumber, and only one I didn't care for was the egg salad. As for sweets, the Madelines were just ok, but shortbread and biscuits were great. The macarons were also delicious - my favorites were the caramel and passionfruit. Service was good.
#REVIEW#Perfect Tea-Party! I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a nice high tea experience. They serve this till 9 pm so it doesn't necessarily have to be in afternoon. We ordered the tea for 2 and shared between 4 people. It gives you decent amount of food and can easily be shared. We ordered the butterfly tea(not exactly sure of the name, but this is the color changing tea, which turns pink once you put lemon in it). Its a flower based tea with all natural ingredients, no added color. Has a very subtle taste. The second tea was a white tea called needle dust. In terms of flavor we definitely preferred this one more. Unfortunately, they were out of some of the macrons at the time and hence i couldn't try them all, but from the ones I had my favorite was the cheesecake flavor. The scones are pretty good and loved the raspberry sauce on them. Reminded me of my childhood memories of having freshly made jams! As for the sandwiches we really liked the salmon and cucumber sandwiches the most! Their service is really good. Our server was very sweet, highly attentive and helped us with all recommendations and suggestions. You can not get a prettier and perfect tea experience, especially for this price elsewhere.!
#REVIEW#So happy that I chose to try my first tea room experience here. So four of us shared the tea package for two as it had so many desserts. We clearly wouldn't have been able to eat all of that. Great that atleast they were flexible on letting us order the two package for four people. U get to choose sandwiches out from their menu and we mostly loved all of them- the egg salad was nice. The cucumber one too. The cheese sandwich with pickle was mehhh... I personally liked their cookies and Cannot go wrong with Madeline's. Their macrons are soft and they have diff flavors. Their tea collection is just superb as they keep a wide variety. We got this exclusive white tea and then the other one that changes it's color from blue to purple when u add some lime to it.Overall I recommend this place!!!
#REVIEW#Had some time to kill before picking up a rental car just down the road.  Stopped in to try some tea.  Place is definitely popular, we grabbed a couple of bar seats but the rest of the place was full.  We had a matcha tea, matcha tea latte and an almond croissant.  Teas were good, as was the croissant.  I would try it again for proper tea service if back in the area.
#REVIEW#Quality afternoon tea experience that doesn't break the bank. Extensive tea selection. Their scones are probably the best I've had in quite a while, like the ultimate buttery smell and texture of shortbread wrapped in a little warm pocket. Also very good cream and jam. Standard tea sandwiches, nothing too special. Cookies and madeleine are below average to be honest, macaroons are way too sweet. I was actually considering giving it a 3 star since no free refill of the tea... seriously?
#REVIEW#I have never experienced a tea parlor place before. It was quite a unique and fun experience for me. Got the tea service for 2. You get 2 cup pot of tea, 2 mini scones with cream and jam, 3 portions of tea sandwiches, 2 mini tea cakes, and 2 macarons. The teas are refreshing, soothing, and top quality teas. All the food I can eat in like 1 or 2 bites, but they were good quality well made bit size food. I love the presentation of the tea service. It made the experience really fun and unique. Who doesn't want to spend an afternoon just chatting over tea and bite size food.
#REVIEW#Came here yesterday after my yoga class to meet my friend.We ordered Boise tea set for two people - a small tea pot per person ( any tea that are 6-7$ are consider standard tea selections, anything that are more than that are extra price) -3 sandwich choices per person ( for both of us, we just got one of each 6 flavors they have)- 2 macaroon flavor per person ( I got pistachio, salted caramel and he got lemon praline and earl grey)- some pastries and scones Total was around 70 dollars ( not include tips)Overall it's a quite decent place. Wait time is like 5 mins. Service is really nice, they keep filling my water. I finished my tea, I got Kyoto rose green, I thought It was really nice, I really enjoyed it. We were there about 3 hrs, we just had a lot of talk about lol and kind forgot about the time. Staff there are very kind, so We didn't feel being rushed or any complains. Scones for our plates are to die for. My friend loves their sandwiches. I think they are ok but I loved their scones, and cookies. Macaroons are ok. Would totally come back again! Love it
#REVIEW#I love tea and tea places. But I find this place to be a little over hyped. The wait first of all is ridiculous at all times and the place is so small. Their tea selection isn't impressive and their sandwiches are about average. I go to Alice's tea cup frequently, I prefer that to this.
#REVIEW#Wow, what a find! It's got all the feels of a much loved neighbourhood gem. Great cozy ambience, lovely staff and a tea selection to die for. My picks for the day were Rosemary caramel Black tea with Paris Brest. Amazing and great value. Will definitely be back :)
