#NAME#Sergimmo Salumeria
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sergimmo-salumeria-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,sandwiches,catering#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Hands down my ALL TIME FAVORITE spot for authentic Italian sandwiches in New York. Get the VIP Panini, it's packed with Prosciutto di Parma, fresh Mozzarella, arugula and a delicious fig spread. The prices are fair and they are always generous with their portions!Conveniently located by Penn station, it's the perfect place to get a quick bite or if you're craving cured meats and any Italian food. Their bresaola salad is also delicious! ***Tip - bring cash as you get a slight discount from the tax( plus you're supporting a family business) and you can also order ahead of time directly through their website. I am definitely a repeat customer here for a reason, I just love this place and the staff is friendly and so sweet!
#REVIEW#I've been here twice and am so impressed. Their food. Their service. Both are outstanding.My bf and I came here on a Saturday which happened to be a cash only day. Incidentally, we did not have enough on hand. While he ran out to the bank, the man was kind enough to take our order saying we could pay later. It's small gestures like this that make a dining establishment, or any establishment really, so fantastic.Now, I'm not a sandwich person but Sergimmo Salumeria, they do it right. #7, the Veneto, is a true Italian hero. It's a much simpler form of the typical American style Italian sub. First, you'll notice their bread has a crisp outer crust. Already off to a good start. Then, as you bite down you realize two things. 1. The bread isn't cutting your mouth to shreds. Thank god. And 2. it's chewy and soft in all the right ways. It The salty fat of sopressata is balanced with the clean taste of fresh mozz and you'll get a kick of spicy peppers and tangy balsamic as you savor this beautiful panini, as they call them.Their chicken parm panini. Think of how I started the last sandwich and sub in perfectly sauced chicken cutlet. Not too much where everything was a mess and not too little where you're left dry wishing you had something to wash it down with. There isn't a ton of cheese, which I don't mind, but my bf wished there was more. The cutlet breading was a little soggy, but I still enjoyed it. While it was a solid sandwich, I would recommend the Veneto over the parm any day!
#REVIEW#I ordered from Sergimmo Salumeria two times during my last visit to manhattan. In my opinion it is by far the best option for sandwiches and bites in the area. I had the Liguria both times as it was too hard to pass up. The sandwiches are made to order and the ingredients taste fresh and well prepared. The bread they use is fantastic and freshly baked. The staff was friendly and quick with their service. Their Italian cookies are also pretty good. They have free delivery service which is very convenient if you're visiting the neighborhood.Overall, I was very happy with this shop and will be back for sure .
#REVIEW#Really delicious, casual italian dining. You can take your food to go or order at the counter and sit and wait for your meal.You can get everything from paninis to hot entrees. I heard great things about their lasagna so I ordered the meat lasagna. It was big enough to make 2 meals and it cost $15.50.My gf got a bolognese and it was also really big and filling. We both had to take them to go. I'd come back again!
#REVIEW#Sometimes the best places you eat at on vacations are the places you stumble upon. Unfortunately we don't do it enough as many times there is a reason the spot never came up in your pre vacation research and you spend too much money on a disappointing meal.On our first full day of our honeymoon n NYC we walked from Midtown Manhattan to the Javits Centre to meet a friend at the NYC Comic Con. We nibbled a bit on our walk over, but by the time we left we were damn hungry and looking to eat. We headed out on foot a few blocks east and found ourselves in an area with some food options. Truthfully we were looking for a pub/ bar where we could get a beer and some food. Then we spotted Sergimmo Salumeria across the street and I just had a hunch...This place became a highlight of our honeymoon. We went in hungry and this didn't have us leaving hungry. The service was friendly... we checked out the large chalkboard, figured out what we wanted, then ordered at the counter and had a seat.A small selection of craft beers in the cooler, we both found something of interest to drink. We decided to share a salad and a sandwich for our late lunch... we went with the Avocado salad and the Basilicata Panini. The salad was fresh and amazing, and that panini... wow. The generous fresh mozza and heaps of Italian salami were simply amazing. A buddy of mine is off to NYC this weekend staying near Hell's Kitchen and this was my recommend to him. Wish we had something this good locally, this was a treat for us!
#REVIEW#Outstanding! So happy I came to SERGIMMO SALUMERIA. A Great choice for Italian specialities. I ordered the #1 - iL VIP Panini - packed with Prosciutto di parma, with mozzarella, Arcadian mix, extra virgin olive oil and fig spread. so delicious! I see why they list as the #1. That good. The reviews say it all. A must try spot.
#REVIEW#Not recommended. $15.05 for a tiny, forgettable sandwich. Better off going to a bodega.
#REVIEW#Being a sandwich fiend, and seeing Sergimmo pop up on the 'gram as of late, I used a schlep to One Penn Plaza last Friday (internet shoe return...f that shipping cost) to finally check out the new sandwich shop on the block. Damn glad I did.The menu choices were all incredibly tantalizing - from the famed VIP, to the Lombardia and Abruzzo...the struggle is real. Seeking some advice, I ask the counter folks what they would recommend between the Lombardia (Grilled chicken, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, Arcadian mix and pesto), the Abruzzo (Bresaola, fresh mozzarella, sweet roosted peppers and Arcadian mix), the Campania (Grilled chicken, speck, fresh mozzarella, sweet roasted peppers and Arcadian mix). FYI - all sandwiches come dressed with evoo and balsamic dress (yuuuge fan of the balsamic). They suggest the Campania, as they explained that you basic get the goodies of the Lombardia plus the speck, which they said was great. Plus, they offered to add pesto to the sandwich (per the Lombardia make-up). Sold.The sandwich was very very promptly made and I was on my way. And when I got back to work...let's just say, I was in a good mood because it was Friday...and after unwrapping this treasure...Joy. Just a marvelous sandwich. The salty speck and mozzarella + the chicken and pesto - boom.  And I absolutely disagree with the folks/reviews that complain the bread is too hard/tough. Great chew, stands up to the hearty ingredients and liberal, delicious dressing. Bravo Sergimmo Salumeria, ritornerò sicuramente presto.
#REVIEW#I got the #2 with grilled chicken and mozzarella and sundried tomatoes. I am not sure what all the hype is about here as I was completely underwhelmed by this sandwich. The bread was nice and crunchy, but the chicken was tough and flavorless and made for a chewy bite overall.The staff was friendly enough and we were able to snag a table, but for the price and the hype, I was very disappointed. I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
#REVIEW#I came here on a whim for lunch with my friend and was very disappointed with my food experience. I order a chicken sandwich, and my friend ordered the salami sandwich. What I ordered was very dry and lacked flavor and wasn't worth the fifteen dollars I paid. My friend's order was delicious except for there wasn't enough meat and was not worth seventeen dollars. We were spending almost thirty dollars for two sandwiches that had a lot of bread but hardly any meat in them. We ordered two drinks, and a side of olives and the total was over forty dollars, and it was not worth it. Unfortunately, I'm sure I won't be back here because I can make a much better sandwich at home for less than five dollars. Thanks but no thanks ​Sergimmo Salumeria.​
#REVIEW#Very cute little place. Looks like many locals as well as travelers stop by. Went for lunch before leaving for the airport. Ordered the Massimo IL Grande Panini - grilled chicken, fresh mozarella, sun-dried tomatoes, and greens and balsamic dressing along with chicken noodle soup to share. Both were delicious and great on a cold day outside. Very extensive menu and would like to stop by again to try their pastas when we have more time. Looks yummy!While we were there many construction workers came in. Always a good sign to have locals patronize a place. The manager brought out our food and checked in on us. He told us a little history of the restaurant which reminded us of our visits to similar places in Italy. Great ambiance. Will definitely go back.
#REVIEW#I had the godfather, and oh my, was that something.  Well I really had half of it, as it was huge and full of good quality cured meats. They serve it on a cool wooden bread board. Beware, they only take cash some days of the week.
#REVIEW#I wander if I went to the wrong place...Kind of like a deli, which is fine The key point is that the food was not good at allNot only not as good as I expected, but worse than any paste I had before (homemade, dinning hall, etc.) the noodle was over cooked to be called paste, and the sauce was diluted salty and you can barely tasted the seafood flavorMaybe the cook wasn't there that day? Apart from us, there were only one or two people in the store... but the store looks the same as yelp pictures... anyway won't go there again
#REVIEW#We came here for dinner on a rainy night after bunge movie watching at the AMC theater around the corner.  We got their "Go Nuts" salad and their "Baked Ziti with meatballs."  The salad was a salad. Nothing to write home about and let's be real, if you're going to be messing up a salad, you don't deserve to have a spot in Manhattan. My husband says the chicken was dry, so... caution.The baked ziti came with half a meatball. I was willing to accept that. The ziti itself was hot on the outside, cold on the inside... kinda like how I felt when I was served that (self-service: they don't bring the food to your table; you get it from the counter yourselves).  I brought it back and they were nice enough to tell me they'll bring a new one out for me.  I figured okay, they saved themselves. ....my second one came out brand spanking new.... and cold in the center again.  Talk about disappointment.  We just separated the pasta and told them to put it in the microwave as is to heat up the center so we could eat and be on our merry way (3rd movie to catch and all that, my good readers).  The girl up front told us that they had heated it for the longest time.... yeah, the outside cheese was melted and it was steaming on the outside, but c'mon, you can't be serving cold or lukewarm pasta to your customers. Especially if they're coming in, on a rainy and cold night where the place is empty (hint hint), and expecting to eat something hot to battle the cold. If I had wanted something cold, I could've gone for a salad or to the Dunkin Donuts next to the theater. As my husband joked, when it came back to us again, third time's the charm. The girl bought it out to our table this time and said that she was going to stay at the table until we told her it was hot enough.  So, I stuck my finger into the middle of the pasta and it was finally heated through. Yay!  She told us to take a drink from the fridge on the house, but we didn't take her offer.I guess, overall, the place is clean and well-lit. But if you're asking will we be back for another round? That's a definite and absolute no.  I guess I should've clued in somewhat when, as we were placing our order and paying for the food, we asked if there was any ice cubes and she told us they didn't have any today. ‍  Hindsight and all that. I mean, at least they were willing to heat it up again. But this place just isn't our cup of tea.
#REVIEW#The best spot for authentic Italian sandwiches and salads! I was introduced by coworkers since this place is (so fortunately) just a few blocks from our office. We always consider this place when someone is in town. It's even a great spot for a quick lunch date. Be careful what time you come though, it's a tiny place and can get pretty packed around prime lunch time. I've never had a bad experience here so I'd 100% recommend. You can even order to go, I've never done it but I've heard good things!
#REVIEW#Wow. This place makes an amazing sandwich. Great ingredients, well put together. and good flavor. Best in midtown for sure.
#REVIEW#By far my favorite lunch spot in Midtown. I have had at least 10 of their sandwiches which are all outstanding. My favorite is the #1 but the #8 is a close 2nd. They are all great but I come here for the quality of the Italian meats so I usual don't get the chicken options. They offer salads and pasta as well, salads are really good and big but never tried the pasta. Looking forward to coming here for a quick dinner one night to get the pasta. It is tight space so if your coming with more than two people and want eat there I would suggest getting there right at 12 or be prepared to wait.
#REVIEW#This restaurant serves overpriced hard sandwiches. My boyfriend and I came here for lunch because of the rave reviews and accessibility. We got the VIP and Piedmont sandwiches; meats and cheese were great but it seems like we got a day old's bread, making the sandwiches very hard and difficult to chew through.Sandwiches, drinks, tip and tax cost us a bit under $40. I would skip this place and go somewhere else instead. I'm still kicking myself for getting ripped off.
#REVIEW#Nice place, cosy and expect to serve yourself.Great produce, if you just want to have a taste if Italy, swing buy and take a taste.Really appreciate this place, for a 5/5 it requires but more restaurant feeling.
#REVIEW#Simply put, this is one of the best Italian sandwich shops in the city. You can get overwhelmed by the selection of items handwritten in chalk on the wall.  Fret not -- just order whatever you want and they'll whip it up.  Give serious consideration to keeping it simply with a prosciutto, mozzarella, hot peppers sandwich -- super fresh and reasonably priced.  I have also had the lasagna, which is excellent.  Although this is primarily a take-out place, there are a few seats available (though at the lunch rush you may have folks waiting in line hovering over you).  Credit cards are accepted but cash allows for a slight discount.
