#NAME#Ramen-Ya
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ramen-ya-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Good afternoon everyone!I'm back once again with another ramen reviewwww!If my enthusiasm scares you, I'm sorry!I just love ramen so much!On to the review.I ordered the Shio Black Tonkotsu Ramen. It had your traditional toppings of kikurage mushrooms and scallions (haven't had a ramen with scallions in awhile) and my favorite, EGG! Before I forget, the ramen I had also had black garlic oil hence the name of the dish which it was quite interesting. The flavorful broth complemented the thin noodles, the denseness of it was just right. The firmness of the noodles were juuuuuust right for the dish. I love how fresh the scallions were as it went down with the broth quite well. I gotta say, the black garlic oil was a nice touch to the overall taste. The black garlic oil gave the classic Tonkotsu ramen dish an additional layer of flavor on top of the initial flavor, it has a subtle punch to it. I almost forgot, I also ordered a mini pork donbori.  It was delicious but lacked the traditional flavor of Japan. Then again, to be fair...this is NY, not Japan. All in all, this is a solid ramen joint and I highly recommend it to everyone!
#REVIEW#Easy comfort food that's open through the evening for any Ramen lover that happens to be in the village.Plenty of options to choose from.  Whether pork, chicken, veggie, etc, the base dishes are there.  On top, they provide you with several add-ons that you can choose to incorporate into your bowl.Satisfied with my meal overall, as I added pork into a chicken broth that was absolutely delicious!Would've given a higher rating but unfortunately a mouse was seen on the premises near the exit.  Which makes any dining experience a bit uneasy and causes paranoia.
#REVIEW#Shio Black tonkotsu was good. It was rich and had a bit of umami. I couldnt say the same about the spicy tonkotsu or the miso. The egg was inconsistent between our bowls of ramen. One was deep orange while another was more of a neon yellow. Char siu don was good. The rice was fluffy and the pork was tender and flavorful.I wish i could give this place a higher score, but this place is just filthy.  There is a thick layer of grim on the floor and edges of walls.  The bathroom has a thick layer of grim (and musty) and looks like it hasnt been cleaned in its entirety in YEARS.  The old sushi bar also looks dirty and rusty.
#REVIEW#The ramen is absolutely delicious, I'd say it's some of the best I've ever had. After writing so many of these reviews it's hard to come up with something unique to say, but all of the components were spot on. Quality nori, perfectly cooked egg, noodles firm but not too, etc.  The spicy gyoza are regular gyoza with a dry spice mix sprinkled on top and are great. But I found the space to be way too cramped. This is one of the smallest restaurants I think I've ever eaten in and the wait can be long. There is no where to wait, they ask you to wait in the vestibule they share with the apartment building above them, which fits two people snugly when no one else is trying to get through. You put your name on a clipboard and they call you, but when there are 4 names and no where to stand but in the freezing cold outside, I'm not sure how this system works. Thankfully we were seated almost right away at a table that didn't have two other tables right on top of either side of it. It's still claustrophobic.  I'd come back, but not if there was a wait. Cash only.
#REVIEW#Went here at 4pm on a ThursdayI wanted to see why there's so many and such high reviews for this place. Also I wanted to satisfy my tonkotsu craving from two days ago. When I arrived it was empty and one of the employees was eating herself. I was pretty set on getting the tonkotsu broth but had to decide between shio, shoyu, and miso. I don't really remember why I ended up choosing shio, but I personally am not the biggest fan of miso. I think I didn't choose shoyu because I wanted a less complicated broth. The ramen came out in practically five minutes. Sitting at the bar table I kinda saw inside the kitchen but under the curtains all I saw was a pair of legs moving around. I like how there's a huge bunch of scallions. It went really well with the charsiu. I like the addition of the wood ear because it added a crunchy and chewy texture. The thin cuts of both the scallion and wood ear does show the effort of the kitchen. The noodles themselves were very good, thin and chewy. The black garlic oil wasn't overpowering as I ate but it definitely left me with some stinky breath, which was both satisfying and annoying. The whole bowl was everything that can be expected from a bowl of tonkotsu ramen. Like do you know the feeling of appreciating something but not liking it? It didn't make it to the ranks of something I'd crave...So not 5*I was in and out within thirty minutes. I appreciate how Japanese eateries make me feel comfortable doing this alone.
#REVIEW#Some of the best ramen in the West Village! Ramen Ya is extremely tiny (only a handful of tables and bar seats), but definitely worth it to get your noodle fix.They offer a type of ramen for everyone, from shio (salt base) to miso and shoyu. There's also plenty of gyoza options, rice bowls, and other dishes if ramen isn't to your liking.I went with the Shio Black, which definitely hit the spot on a cold and rainy night. The char siu pork was slightly fatty and the broth was rich without being overwhelming.Cash only, which does add up after a while!
#REVIEW#CASH ONLY. Booooooo. Ask yourself...why?  We know the answer. And I got this from a sign. No not God. An actual sign cuz there wasn't anyone to greet me when I walked in. To be fair I didn't have the food. I just walked out. They got an extra star. But I'll go back and try again when I have cash.  That's like never soooo....Stay Hungrythehungrymedium.com
#REVIEW#I came here solo for a bowl of ramen. I ordered the black shio ramen. What I liked- I liked the black wood mushroomsDidn't work for me: - Noodles: undercooked- Soup: the soup just tasted salty. There was not much pork, chicken, nor seafood taste in the soup - Egg was overcooked. It's a simple hard-boiled eggs- lack of open kitchen
#REVIEW#This place was so good! Me and my brother were immediately sat down and taken care of. Not even 10 minutes after we ordered we had our food and it was amazing! The price was not too high, but considering the quality of the food it was perfect. I will definitely be going back!
#REVIEW#A very cute, small place with a simple menu. I loved the options, but unfortunately, my boyfriend has a fish and sesame allergy and it was extremely difficult to find anything on the menu that didn't have fish or ramen. I know the place has genuine intentions, but darn was it tough to find anything to eat. It's not their fault. I love the homey-feeling of the place and music selection. If you have no allergies, like me, please try them out..
#REVIEW#Was glad to finally check this place out for a delicious dinner. I had tried to come before but the line can get long especially on a Friday evening. The restaurant is very small, it has a few tables and a counter to sit at so I recommend getting there early especially when it's cold out!I went with the spicy miso pork ramen which was very good. The noodles were great and the broth was very flavorful. I could tell it was very fresh. The meat was a little on the fatty side but still tasty. I also shared the pork gyoza. This was a nice addition to the soup. The crispness was on point.I would recommend this place for lunch over dinner if you want to avoid the crowds. Also not suitable for large groups. The service was pretty decent. Oh and bring cash because they don't take credit cards!
#REVIEW#Came here on a double date on a cold night. Small little cozy spot on West 4th. My friend found the place. I don't think I would ever noticed the restaurant. There's about less than 10 tables inside. Pretty small.All four of us ordered ramen. I got the salt base and my friends got miso flavor. Overall broth was really hearty and good. The ramen comes with seaweed, veggies, egg and meat. You can order extra toppings if needed. Also spicy cost $1 more. We also got squid gyoza & shrimp gyoza. They were alright. Not the best. Need to be crispier. Overall not too bad. I would come back avain.
#REVIEW#We were a large party so getting a seat wasn't easy in this tiny place but they got us as soon as they could. (Really, it was one party being really rude taking their sweet old time.) For appetisers, we got the gyoza, which were good.But the main star of the dish? The ramen - oh ya! It was so good. The noodles were the perfect texture and bite. The broth (I got the spicy tonkatsu) was so good. I got extra noodles ... then ate my boyfriend's extra noodles too. I just could not get enough. I was licking the bowl to the very last drop.As others have stated: it's cash only so bring CASH.And then bring EXTRA cash because you're DEFINITELY going to want the extra noods!!!#NoodsNoodsNoods
#REVIEW#Ramen-ya is a tiny 20 seater restaurant located in the village boasting authentic Japanese cuisine. Their menu consists of about 3 different types of soup bases for their ramen which could be pork or chicken and a variety of different types of gyoza. To start, I ordered their kagua blanc beer which was a wheat beer that was light and fruity and set us back $11. For dinner, I ordered the salt base (shio) and my significant other ordered the soy sauce base with pork. Both broths were pretty flavorful. I ended up switching with the significant other because I liked his better - it was less creamy. The nori had a good bite and the egg soaked up the flavorful broth. I didn't like the ramen noodles they used. It was more like an angel hair less like a traditional ramen. Unfortunately, the ramen left both me and my significant other pretty gassy (sorry to be gross but just had to be honest); hence the poor review. The ambiance is pretty cramped and the bathroom is small and cramped. It was clean, but difficult to close and I cut my finger trying to lock it. Overall, I wouldn't return to this place for the poor food and the fact that it's cash only is another deterrent.
#REVIEW#Me and my friend were craving ramen so stopped by Ramen-Ya to see what the deal was.We started with the spicy bamboo shoots and spicy edamame to start. The spicy bamboo shoots were cold and would have preferred them to be hot. The spicy edamame was a bit overpowering with the spice. In the end, we boxed the appetizers to save for ingredients to use for making ramen at home.My friend ordered the spicy dipping ramen. I ordered the standard black tonkotsu spicy. Both were solid, but nothing amazing. Solid 4* ramen spot.
#REVIEW#CASH ONLY! The place is small and compact, but the flavors of our rich broths were worth the wait. We waited outside, as there is no space inside to wait, for about 30 minutes before they had a table for two. We were helped immediately and waited only about ~10 minutes for our bowls. My boyfriend, vegetarian, usually has a hard time finding rich, creamy, thick broth when eating ramen but we were pleasantly surprised at Ramen-Ya! He enjoyed that his broth was almost identical to mine. I ordered the black shio - spicy, they forgot the add on's but all good, I added corn to my bowl and I was on my way to smack-town!! The spicy bowl wasn't TOO spicy, I added a lot of pepper to my bowl to satisfy my spicy needs. Meat wasn't very tender, wished the egg couldve been runnier but that's my own personal preference. The bowls were a perfect size to fill us up while eating there and not take any leftovers back on the subway with us (which is what we like to avoid as tourists). We were satisfied with our NY ramen spot fix here at Ramen-Ya!!
#REVIEW#Came for the chicken ramen and it was excellent. Really quiet spot too and quick service. Also very clean.
#REVIEW#Yelpers got it right with 4 stars for this tiny ramen joint in west village. I had the shio black ramen and it was pretty tasty. Broth was nicely (slightly) thick, and the noodles were a little chewy. They also have options to get extra noodles, which was good cause I have 2 kids that were able to share one bowl of noodles and get extra noodles on the side. Spicy broth costs $1 more, but I don't think its worth it. There was not enough difference in the tastes for me to justify it. The regular broth is good enough for me.Their bathroom is a single and it was very hard to lock the door. It could use some renovations.
#REVIEW#We arrived on that truly FRIGID January evening. It must have been 7 degrees Fahrenheit, and maybe around 10pm. When we arrived, there were seats open and there was no one else on the list. The server made us wait anyways.It's cash only, and no frills. It was late, so we decided to try to eat "lighter" - no ramen this time! The pork chashu don was good-- the pork was sliced round and thin (not the fatty pork belly cut that people generally associate with chashu).  We tried the mentai (spicy cod roe) salad (mayonnaisey!) and the buchi-uma cabbage (spicy). I loved the cabbage, and as appetizers they were good portions. Pork gyoza was so-so. Next time we'll try the ramen!The two-top we were seated at was by the door and freeeeezing.
#REVIEW#This one of the smallest ramen joints and one of the best.  The pork gyoza was ok (3/5).  There is quite a variety of gyoza so will try others.  The ramen soup (5/5) is rich but not heavy or salty. Drank most of it, not something I typically do.  The noodles (4/5) come out a bit too al dente to eat immediately but by the time you finish mixing the bowl and had a sip or two of soup the noodles are perfect. The egg was cooked perfectly (5/5). The char siu (4/5) is just enough and has just enough fat and char to balance all the flavors. Will be back.
