#NAME#The Drunken Munkey - UES
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-drunken-munkey-ues-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#indpak,cocktailbars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Went to Drunken Monkey for brunch on a Sunday as a party of 15. We called in advance to make a reservation and the owner was very accommodating. The ambience is amazing and I love the full-end bar! If you are in a large group, try the "Paanch" bowl. Very delicious drink with an Indian twist made with spices and fruits! The bowl makes atleast 12 glasses! The Monkey Blood Mary is pretty great, includes Indian spices and okra! For food, the cheese chilli toast is a must try!! Perfect blend of Indian spices and cheese!! Ordered the masala cheese chilli omelette which was amazing!! Comes with a side of crispy okras! One of the best Indian brunch places!
#REVIEW#I really wanted some good Indian food while visiting NY. Made a reservation at The Drunken Munkey for 9:30PM. The restaurant was full when we arrived.This place was TINY and dark. All of the tables were so so close together. Like so close that there wasn't any room to walk in between tables. I also thought it was strange/insulting that the waitress was walking around with a dot on her head. We ordered -1. Crispy okra (~$10): These guys were fried waay too long. They were so crunchy and brittle. The flavor was okay. The tomatoes definitely tasted like they didn't belong. Ask for onions only. 2. Butter chicken tikka masala (~$23): So is it butter chicken or chicken tikka masala? It didn't taste like either. This was not good. At all. This dish usually costs ~$15 in most Indian restaurants. 3. Whole tandoori fish (~$29): It says tandoori but the flavor isn't like your typical tandoori. It was definitely a little weird. Every bite had super tiny bones that you couldn't tell were there until they were in your mouth. I spit out more fish than I swallowed. This restaurant is not a place where Indian people come to get authentic Indian food. Overpriced and not even good!
#REVIEW#Terrific gem on the UES, everything about the meal makes me want to come back (again and again). Tucked halfway down the block on 92nd Street The Drunken Monkey has quickly become one of our favorite places for Indian cuisine, certainly north of 58th street. Couple of things which stand out and separate their dishes from so many other like restaurants include:Sag paneer that doesn't present like Peter Luger's spinach with paneer cheese. Their version is a real departure and at the same time familiar. Samosa's that are light and flaky, they seem baked  not deep fried.Naan that is less pita like, and a bit thinner than you typically find which makes the meal less heavy. The basmati rice they use is unlike any other I've had, it was great.
#REVIEW#Great Indian spot for a copy, intimate night out. Place is smaller than I expected, it almost resembled a tapas spot. Tables are packed tightly but our party of 8 fit snuggly by the windows. It can get a bit loud,. especially when full, the entire place was booked up, every table taken at the bar and on the floor. I was impressed with the staff and especially our waitress who proceeded to take eveyone's food order, out of table order as she bounced around when some people couldn't decide what they wanted to eat, without writing one thing down. And this was after calling her back and amending our order as well. Everything came out exactly as requested and delivered to the correct person. That's skill!Drink menu was ample, and extensive and impressive wine list as well.Food dishes came with rice, naan (upgrade to garlic!), and riata. What I especially liked was that each dish had a small hot pepper on the side. I've had Indian food where they cut these peppers up and cooked them into the dish, making it almost unbearable with heat, but here I was able to customize it by cutting and throwing in only a few slices. It was a member of our party's birthday and they turned the lights down, pumped up some beats and walked out with a flashing sparkler candle in a dessert which they provided to our table on the house. So nice!!I also like how even though the place was packed and every seat taken, that they never once rushed us or tried to get us to leave, even after we realized we had been sitting there talking yet we were done with the bill, paid, and were waiting for nothing. Everyone wiped out their food and I'm left in a coma on the couch. Definitely recommend!
#REVIEW#OMG! Too many good things to say! My partner and I love Indian food. The Drunken Munkey by far has been our favorite.  This is truly  a top gourmet Indian cuisine. Arun pays attention to details from  cocktails to appetizers to dinner to desserts. Every dish we had was delectable. I forgot to mention the fabulous decor. I can go on and on, but we will be back. The Drunken Munkey is a must if you like Indian food or have never tried it. Cheers!
#REVIEW#Unless you want to sit at the bar, you definitely need a reservation at this place. The host was not the nicest about this and will make sure you sit at the bar with space to spare for future patrons.The bartender was so friendly and let us try the punch of the day AND a dessert. The happy hour is until 6:30 on weekdays and it's 2 drinks 2 free...so i guess you can't be alone? Also apparently if you don't get the second two before 6:30 and you're nice about it, you might still get your two free. This place is pricey. I'm talking $30/person minimum no drinks pricey. It's tucked away on the UES and does not have seating to spare. The atmosphere is fun and they go all out for birthdays. I will definitely come back but i assure you that you can find better (and bigger) $23 chicken tikka elsewhere. (garlic naan is an extra $1 if you get it with your entree).
#REVIEW#It's a great setting with wonderful food,service and impeccable decor.  You must like Indian food to go there.  The tables are small but the the staff does the best they can to accommodate you and are extremely nice and efficient.  This will definitely be my go to place on the UES for four seats or less.  We went on a Monday night in late June and it was full with a great ambiance.
#REVIEW#Love it!!!The place has its charm with monkey chandeliers hahaFood is awesome and service very friendly We had the following:-crispy aloo tikki- nice crunchy surprise, not oily at one should expect!- paani puri/dahi puri: here it comes 6 pieces and they allowed us to order half half. I LOVE it. The ones with mint water are so refreshing and the ones with yogurt are delish with the apicy hint. It one bite of flavour that explodes in your mouth. WOW!!!!- stuffed sia mirch: this was excellent as well, al dente peppers and not the poatot mash you would expect, so yummy- masala bombay lamb chops: this is one of the best as well, bit pricey but worth it. Sauce sweet and smooth, chops so tender... couldn't stop- garlic naan: hands down for the best naan in nyc so far. No comments- thin, crispy....We also had a coupke of cocktails and they have indian draft beer which was really nice as well.Why 4 stars? Service slow. We waited more than expected for the table (they forgot about us while we were waiting at the bar even though we had a reservation. However, made it up with complimentary dessert- that was also yummy)It took like more than 10 to get the starters and more than 20 between our starters and the lamb chops!Will definitely go back!
#REVIEW#The Drunken Munkey excels in both their take on Indian food as well as an incredibly unique ambience.First, the food: I love the presentation of their chicken tikka masala dish. A nicely shaped mound of white rice, with perfectly portioned chicken. The sauce itself hits the SPOT - it's not overly spicy, for those with lower tolerance, like me. Make sure you get the crispy okra and the chili cheese toast as appetizers - they're to die for. I inhale them.The ambience is on point - the lights are a dim, intimate red, and there's old Bollywood movies playing on silent in the background. Great for date nights, meeting old friends, whatever you like.If it happens to be a special occasion, you can order the birthday rumball - a great chocolate dessert accompanied by fairly loud, energetic Bollywood music and a bright sparkler. I've seen other guests get involved too :)Arun and CC are awesome hosts - they've always made it very comfortable. I cannot recommend The Drunken Munkey more.
#REVIEW#This was a great find! Would not have expected to find an Indian restaurant in this area, but was pleasantly surprised. It also has the added twist of also being a cocktail bar! There's a happy hour from 4:30-6:30 pm Monday-Friday and from 11:30 am -4:30 pm Saturday-Sunday where it's buy 2 cocktails (and select wine and beer) get 2 free; this can be split across your whole party, too. My one critique of the cocktails is that a vast majority are gin based; I'd like to see more variety. The Dark N Stormy, however, is on point.For starters/sides: The chicken samosas are good, pretty standard. The crispy aloo tikka are also a good call; you can't really go wrong with potatoes! The crispy okra is very thin and fried to a crunch. It provides some texture and saltiness to contrast your entree.For entrees: LOVED the Lamb Shank Rogan Josh. Perfect amount of spice and flavor. And the lamb was tender. The Goan Pork Vindalu has spice as well but there is also the distinct vinegar taste. The waitress also mentioned that the biryanis were quite spicy. While delicious, they were definitely not spicy. So if you like spice, keep in mind that their definition of spice may be skewed a bit towards an clientele that isn't quite as spice forward.
#REVIEW#How have I not reviewed this place?Fantastic cocktails and great food. I haven't had a bad cocktail here, seriously. The food is likewise amazing. If you like northern Indian food, this is your spot. The usuals like tikka masala and saag paneer are excited well. Their naan is fluffy and fresh. The service is usually pretty good. The space is a bit small and usually pretty busy so be sure to have a reservation. One of my favorite Indian/cocktail spots in UES.
#REVIEW#This is like a gastro lounge that servers awesome Indian food. I'm not a huge Indian food connoisseur (I have acid reflux and am not supposed to have it), but I heard good things and wanted to check it out.The ambiance is very dark and romantic, but there were quite a lot of friend groups. It wasn't very loud despite it being small and having groups around, I appreciated that a lot. If you were looking for a spot to go with a few friends to catch up - this would be a perfect place. Or a date night - esp after dinner for a nice drink. They have a punch bowl type drink that's traditional to the culture and meant to be shared with a group, it was massive.The drinks are quality like you'd find at a speakeasy or cocktail lounge, I love that they give them so much thought and effort. I got one from the bubbles menu, it was flavorful and just what I wanted.The food is pretty traditional with what I've tried,. We ordered the Royal Drunken Munkey dish, which I'd never tried. The way the naan was baked on top reminded me of a pot pie and I loved it. It had some heat to it, but probably not if you're used to hot Indian food. Yes, I used a ton of the cream sauce. The eggplant dish had a lot of sauce and flavor, with big chunks of the vegetable, I really enjoyed the flavor. Service is unique, it has a host/doorman that also helps with drinks, coats and seating since it's a small spot. He was beneficial to have around and was very professional and attentive.
#REVIEW#My wife made a reservation at The Drunken Monkey last night based on Yelp reviews and I'm so glad she did!  It's 4.5 stars tasted well earned. We only had 2 entrees, the chicken tikka masala and coastal shrimp curry and we savored every bite. The dishes each included rice and fresh nan that were the perfect amount. Plus we sat down before 630 so the 2 for 1 happy hour drinks were a nice bonus. All in all, believe the the 5 star reviews for this one, it's worth the trip.
#REVIEW#Drunken Munkey is the best Indian I have had in NYC. It's comparable to the Indian I have had in London, which is the best I've ever had short of the home-cooked Indian meals my neighbor used to make me growing up. We ordered the puri filled with spiced yogurt (skip it), samosas, chicken tikka masala, and chicken biryani. Besides the puri, everything was so good! I don't think I can go back to cheap Indian restaurants with takeout deals after having this food. The chicken tikka masala included rice and naan and the serving sizes are perfect (not too big, but enough to be full). We each got a glass of wine and we ended up paying about $50 each. It's a little pricey, but you can taste the difference in the food versus cheaper restaurants--so it's totally worth it!The ambiance and service was also great. Drunken Munkey is casual enough to go to for a last minute dinner but nice enough for a special occasion!
#REVIEW#We came in for dinner this evening and felt instantly transported. Ambiance starts at the front door with the host who was amazing in every way. It's a small space but they make plenty of room at the bar and many tables well laid out and decor has such a cool vibe that makes you feel happy to be here. Cocktails were all incredible, I would come back for drinks any day of the week. Service during our meal was outstanding, our waitress was super sweet and helpful. Everyone works as a team here and we felt very well taken care of. The food!!! It was excellent. Every dish hit the mark and was so flavorful. We can't wait to try every single thing on the menu. We are so happy we found this place!! New favorite!
#REVIEW#This restaurant is absolutely charming, with a fun almost pub like feel except with Indian food and cocktails. Everything from the cocktails to the food was delicious and the service was attentive and kind. For cocktails: Indian spiced old fashioned: very good The Bramble: excellent Food: Bite: Chicken Tikka Masala Starter: Tiger Prawns Mains: Lamb Chops and the Goen Pork Vindaloo We loved this place, and wish it was closer!
#REVIEW#My new favorite spot. Huge shout out to Juan, the best bartender on the UES. I had 3 lady mountmaths and didn't want to stop! I came here right before the happy hour wave and thank gosh i locked in a spot at the bar. by the time i left it was packed. The food is excellent and refreshing, indian for those of you who don't know. Juan was the most entertaining bartender, he made my experience memorable. did i mention how he makes ice balls? very cool. I'm definitely coming back here and trying more drinks - it's a MUST GO TO spot! go now!
#REVIEW#Went here as a group of 3. We made sure to make reservations ahead of time after reading the suggestion of other reviewers. The restaurant was definitely very packed, including the bar. I can't really say much about the cocktails since we opted to order a bottle of wine. Food here wasn't bad but it wasn't exceptional, never been tasted before deliciousness either. We also all agreed that for the price of the entrees, the portion sizes were small. The tables are cramped so I was constantly being bumped by the person sitting behind me and the table was barely big enough to fit three entree plates, wine glasses, wine bottle, and cutlery. There are def better indian restaurants in the city with better prices and portions that we've had better experiences at.
#REVIEW#This is a local's cocktail bar, an Indian cocktail bar (and restaurant) to be exact. Pretty hard to find this place as it's somewhat hidden on residential street on the Upper East Side. I came here for dinner and didn't really have high expectations, but I was proven wrong - the food was actually tasty and wasn't westernized Indian food to the extent that I thought it would be. The entire theme of this place is " Anglo-Indian cuisine" - everything from the food to the decor to what the staff wear. They have an all-day dining menu so if you're craving chicken samosas or saag paneer at 11am, this is the place to go to.The place itself is very tiny, so I definitely recommend making a reservation. Overall ambiance is quirky and intimate, and the dim lights make it a great date spot. Oh and if it's someone's birthday, they put on a show (lights, loud music, sparklers, the whole nine yards)!
#REVIEW#I love the food here and the deserts. It's a tiny place and a bit of a tight squeeze but it's worth it. The libations are pretty good too.
