#NAME#Ñaño Ecuadorian Kitchen
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/%C3%B1a%C3%B1o-ecuadorian-kitchen-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#latin,bars,salad#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#First time eating Ecuadorian and I can already tell that I am forever ruined. The establishment is small and intimate--seats only 20 people or so, so definitely call ahead for reservations, especially on the weekend. Drinks were incredibly fresh and well made. I ordered the Latinamorita which had blackberry pulp in it. Again, SO fresh and the right balance of sweet and tart, especially for a cocktail. It was fantastic with the Aguardiente.....(yes I was feeling pretty nice after 2 of these). My friend ordered the Zona Rosa. A lighter and more refreshing taste with the watermelon pulp. Tasted delicious as well but definitely preferred my cocktail since I am a huge fan of tart flavors. Appetizers ordered included the Muchines and Encocado con Camarón. Both INCREDIBLE, especially that dipping sauce with the Muchines ?? Omg we were so obsessed we ordered a second plate of this. The cheese in the yucca was so light and delicious. Days late, I'm Still thinking about this dish. For food, I chose the Arroz con Pollo y Chancho with plantains and the fried egg on top. It was really delicious and nicely plated, HOWEVER I was eyeing my friends' Lomito Soltado the entire time (I am a huge fan of meat w/ gravy or like meat juice). I tried a piece and it was the bomb.com y'all. My next visit I will DEFINITELY get that. Service was friendly, nothing stand out, but the food did all the talking here. Good company & good food is makes a great Saturday evening
#REVIEW#I've eaten a ton of cuisines over the years, but never had Ecuadorian.  Glad I stopped by because I just learned it was delicious!  I'll definitely work it into my rotation of Peruvian, Brazilian, Colombian and Argentinian eating going forward.Encocado de Camarón: I absolutely love tostones, so this was right up my alley.  Basically tostones molded into a  small cup shape with shrimp in the middle.  It looks like an appetizer you'd eat with your hand, but don't do it!  There are some hot sauces going on that can scold your hand a bit.  A fork and knife is fine, no shame.Fritada: Fried pork chunks, because obviously crispy pork is the best kind of pork!  Kind of a mishmash of other stuff though.  Fried potato chunks, avocado slices, pickled onions (which pair perfectly against the pork), sweet plantains and some random salad.  I did like the peanut dipping sauce, reminded me a bit of satay, but wish it was a bigger portion.Seco de Pollo: I can see why everyone on Yelp raves about this!  Tons of delicious orange sauce hosting a very generous portion of boneless chicken slices. The chicken was so tender. The sauce wasn't spicy hot, but it was full of delicious spices.  Had a unique taste which was different from the other Latin American cuisines I've had.  The fluffy rice didn't go to waste, since it had an important job with all that sauce.  Also, appreciated the sweet plantains to contrast the savoriness of the dish.
#REVIEW#During Fleet week we visited Ñaño for lunch. It was late, probably close to 2pm. The small establishment was 3/4 full! Lots of interesting items on the menu, we opted a coconut curry shrimp appetizer, a soup for our son and we tried the tripe and lamb stew with rice. Interesting flavors. The lamb stew uses a local fruit that gives it a tangy, sour taste - very appetizing. The tripe stew is mildly rich and tender. Definitely ask for the house made hot salsa to kick it up a notch. The only "surprise" was a glass of regional red wine priced at $14. If it was cheaper, I might have two or more.
#REVIEW#Cute little ecuadorian spot in the heart of Hell's Kitchen. Authentic, knowledgeable staff that makes you feel like you're sitting in your friends grandmas house in Ecuador having her serve you some traditional goat stew and fried pork chops. I loved the goat stew, it was so flavorful and glad I could get it with a salad and amazing plantains instead of the yellow rice! That salad was bomb though, seriously why don't more people pickle their red onions before throwing them into a salad? Definitely grab a spot at ñaño and be sure to make a reservation since there are maybe 6 tables.... or come after 8:30 when the place started to clear out a bit.
#REVIEW#This was my first experience having Ecuadorian food. It was sooooo good! Ñaño is a small restaurant consisting of 6 tables each holding 2-4ppl. My friend and I came here on a Sunday for a late lunch. I had Seco de Pollo *the sauce that the chicken is in is loaded with flavor* along with a Ñaño On The Rocks. The drink was so strong I had to send it back so they could add passion fruit to it! Lol... once I got it back it was the perfect balance of fruity & alcohol. Our waiter was very kind & continually checked on us. Such a cozy, warm feeling throughout our dining experience!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite restaurants in New York is this tiny Ecuadorian eatery tucked away in Hell's Kitchen. There are only about three tables and two high tops inside Naño so if you get a spot you're either lucky or persistent.  The food here is excellent.  The Ecuadorian appetizer Yapingachos (...or more often spelled Llapingachos) is a must.  They are so delicious you gotta wonder why more places don't serve them. The potato cakes are stuffed with cheese and topped by pickled onions in a peanut sauce.  Amazing!  My main course of Estofado de Pollo was also superbly made. This Ecuadorian chicken stew served with yellow rice and plantains was both delicious and hearty.  Service at Naño was totally friendly and efficient.  If you're in New York, seek this spot out ... and just hope you can snag a table!
#REVIEW#We were actually going to  Boozy Brunch at Hardware but for some reason they weren't opened when they said they were, so we popped into this little restaurant when I saw the Brunch signWhat a cute place!!! Love the decor. I also love the way the menu has different animals on them. The brunch is very casual, you choose the composition of your plate as everything is a single portion. We shared the Yapingacho, Bolon, Yuca fries and Spanish Omelette. Everything was really good (but note that the Spanish omelette was more like a scramble egg & didn't ressemble spanish omelette at all!) Even though the plate looks small, it was quite filling! I would love to try other things on the menu when I go back to NYC :) the dinner menu looks great too!!!!
#REVIEW#Great Ecuadorian food. I love the ceviche. Also they have great drinks too.if you love Ecuadorian food this is the place to go
#REVIEW#Working nights in the city and was craving ceviche for an off hours breakfast.  This place has the best ceviche I have ever had!  Great service and quiet lunch spot.  Can't wait to come back and try other interesting menu items.
#REVIEW#The owner, Abel, such a nice man.  We had the Ceviche which was out of this world.  The drinks also are deliciously made.  Definitely a hidden gem.
#REVIEW#Food is delicious and presented with care. I got a side salad instead of rice and it was arranged with such care. The service was good and accommodating. The place is cozy and fits about 12 people in the whole place.
#REVIEW#Cute family run place with good food! Got the seafood ceviche entree which was good, but to be honest the other food at the table looked better, so I'd skip it if I go again.
#REVIEW#Its like eating in an inky dinky tiny little donky doll like restaurant and you are a super huge giant ogre..... BUT boy is it WORTH IT... The Lomita Saltado is delicious!The Cholita drink - is to die for! Seriously the food here is Equidorian heaven!MUST try! I drive 2 hours just to eat there! I.kid.you.not!!!! YUM YUM YUM YUM!
#REVIEW#Small yet perfect. Stoked that I came across this gem. I stopped in on a rainy Sunday afternoon before watching Wicked on broadway. I left in a food coma and missed the first 15 mins of the show ‍ but the food was alllll worth it. For starters I had the Encocado de Camaron $9 (plantain cups stuffed with shrimp & coconut stew) and Bolon de verde $6 (plantain dumpling filled with cheese and pork). Both were yummy, the Bolon wasn't the authentic type but it was still good. I had the Seco de Pollo as my entree which is tangy chicken stew in naranjilla & cilantro w| yellow rice and sweet plantains for $17. I definitely cleaned my plate, the chicken and it's tangy flavor was awesome. My friend ordered the Cazuela which included octopus, mussels, fish, and shrimp casserole in green plantain and peanut sauce for $24. This was great! Not something I would order on my own because the peanut butter makes the dish heavy but it was certainly something I kept digging my spoon into. Of course i had a drink even though I told myself I'd quit but i had the Ñaño Agrio which was sour and just okay. I was disappointed that the Caldo de Bola was sold out for the day but it just gave me another reason to come back. Staff was great, Abel was attentive and very nice.
#REVIEW#I have lived in NY for six years, and Ñaño is now in my top five favorite weekday restaurants! The wait staff was so friendly and checked on us regularly. It's such a cute and intimate setting, seating for probably 20 people max. We got the Seco de Chivo (goat stew) + the Lomito Saltado (sirloin strips). The goat was so tender, and came with perfectly paired rice and plantains. The Lomito Saltado had fried eggs and potatoes included. The menu had so many delicious options, it was hard to choose but the waiter suggested these as his favorites. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
#REVIEW#Food was delicious and hearty, definitely authentic Ecuadorian cuisine. Although the space is small it makes the time spent at Ñaño intimate and homey. the restaurant decor is rustic but still comfortable. The owner was so sweet and even chatted with me and my family after our meal. Drinks were also pretty and strong, everything you can ask for!
#REVIEW#Came here twice within two weeks because I loved the food and the homely vibe of it so much. I usually don't venture out into this part of midtown for a meal, but being able to try authentic Ecuadorian food was worth it. I had the seco de pollo the first time, which was incredibly flavorful and super filling. The second time I had the estofado de pollo, which had a similar sauce and taste as the seco de pollo. Not much to say other than: Love it!
#REVIEW#Ended up renting an Airbnb room right around the corner from here and stumbled upon this amazing place!! Being of Ecuadorian descent, I've had some homemade dishes by my mother, but never have I been to an ecuadorian restaurant.This place was phenomenal in terms of their service, food (superb!), and background music! Nothing here disappointed me and it all came at a very affordable price. I highly recommend the yapingachos and fritada!Now for the hard part... trying to find a comparable restaurant back home, in LA.
#REVIEW#I found Nano Ecuadorian Kitchen thanks to the high ratings of my fellow Yelpers.  I was going to NYC with my mom for her birthday weekend and wanted to try something new.  My mom can't eat gluten either and the menu looked like it had a lot of gluten-free options for her.The restaurant is very small.  It seats 15 people, so it is very important you make a reservation.  When we stepped inside, we were greeted right away.  There was one man working the front and he did everything--host, take orders, deliver food and drinks.  He was great--gave suggestions on things to order off the menu and was very attentive.For an appetizer, he suggested an order of Yapingachos which were two potato patties stuffed with cheese, fried and served with peanut sauce and pickled onions.  It sounds like a funky combination but it was delicious.  Absolutely lick the plate clean delicious.For our entrees, I ordered the Seco de Pollo and she ordered the Fritada.  The Seco de Pollo was described on the menu as being spicy and sour.  I would not say it was spicy or sour.  It had a nice little kick to it--mild heat with tang is how I would describe it.  It was so good.  It was served with a large side of rice and some delicious plantains.  So good.  I would highly recommend it.  I tried some of the Fritada which was large chunks of pork that were slightly crispy on the outside and meaty goodness on the inside.  It came with large fried potatoes and a really good pickled salad.  The pickled salad was such a good complement to the fatty richness of the pork.When we thought the server was coming out with the check, he came out with a little surprise birthday dessert complete with candles for my mom.  Very sweet.I loved this restaurant and would highly recommend it to those in the Times Square/Theatre District.
#REVIEW#Amazing, small, intimate and cozy. Food is freshly prepared. It took a little time but well worth the wait.We ordered - Cholita cocktail (a little too sweet) and Nano Agrio (a little sour)Starters - Encacado de Camaron (Amazing) and Crema de Lentejas (Just like in Ecuador)Main - Estefado de Pollo (Chicken)  and Seco de Chivo (Goat Curry)
