#NAME#Gotham Bar and Grill
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gotham-bar-and-grill-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,bars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#This is the quintessential NYC restaurant. Style, service and great food, what more can one ask for in a dining experience, and yes it is an experience!For that special visitor or evening out, this is the place.Save room for their incredible chocolate cake, my lord is it flawless!
#REVIEW#The Gotham Bar and Grill is at the very top of many people's favorite NYC restaurants.  I have been eating at Gotham for years, and the elegant room, service, and gracious presentation are still going strong.  However, the kitchen has dropped a notch in its culinary preparation. Everything is good, but not great.  My risotto was runny, tasting fresh, but not delicious.  Fish dishes were good, but no one exclaimed great.  In fact, the best dish at our table of five was the steak, surprising for a gourmet restaurant.Gotham Bar and Grill has been a "grand dame" of NYC restaurants for decades.  It's still going strong, but like many of us, has lost a step or two.  A refurb in both space and kitchen may be necessary. We all need a little "lift" when the time comes.
#REVIEW#I want to give this place a 4 or 5-star, but my recent experience wasn't quite perfect. They overcooked my $100+ dollar steak, which is hard to forgive, especially since that was the only main dish and kind of ruined my mood for the night, which not even a $2000 bottle of wine could fix.The staff is always extremely friendly, and I love the casual fine dining vibe of the location. The decor feels very cozy and reminds of you old school New York, and you can easily have a conversation with a big group.Food is overpriced as is with most fine dining spots, but it actually tastes pretty good, unlike most fine dining spots. Some of the memorable dishes I've eaten here include the rigatoni, cacio e pepe, and the goat cheese ravioli. The flavors for all of those dishes were on point, and pastas were perfectly creamy. Unfortunately, my dry aged steak was cooked medium, so it was tough and dry. I didn't bother finishing it since it was disgusting.The bread and butter are also delicious! Get the mini baguette when it's hot.For group reservations, I wish we could select a few more things on the menu, but they were accommodating about ordering stuff off the menu. The group reservation staff responses were also a bit slower, so make sure you leave plenty of time for negotiating a contract.Overall, you'll get an excellent fine dining experience while also eating pretty tasty food. Just maybe skip the steak, unimpressionable dessert, and most appetizers since they're not really worth it.
#REVIEW#Gotham has been around a long time and so have I. The Gotham was that special go-to place when friends had a sentinel event beginning 30 years ago. My most recent trip was wonderful but clearly a step down from the past. The hostess stand has become rather ordinary. The Apple Pay I used two years ago? Gone. The impeccable service? Not as good - e.g. no drink order when we sat down; the nearby tables where wine and drinks were flowing had much more attention that our party of four with only 3 glasses of wine total? The food is wonderful but the trademark presentation is significantly less than in the past. The remarkable service has fallen to "good". The tab for our party of four, with three glasses of wine added to our order, $164/person including tip. We were still happy we chose Gotham, but my enthusiasm has waned.
#REVIEW#It was pretty incredible. I went for lunch but did not actually get the prix fixe.I ordered the Mezze Rigatoni, Miso Marinated Black Cod, and the Bucatini Cacio E Pepe. The plates of pasta solid. Both pastas were cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of sauce and seasoning. The cod was tender and had an Asian twist to it which made it stand out. If I went back again, I would definitely order the Mezze Rigatoni and try their other dishes.The staff was very professional, and my experience there was exquisite.
#REVIEW#I stopped here for a work dinner, the restaurant has a dining area set lower (watch the stairs as you enter and then step down again into the dining pit) and a long bar to the left-hand side. Coat check at the front, and check-in with the lady closer to the bar.Drink was spilled on the way to the seat, and they very nicely made me another. Bread to start was a multi-grain, whole wheat sourdough (tasty) and a hard baguette (tough). Asked and received a small plate of olive oil (which the table shared).Tried appetizers:- Tuna Tartar w/ cucumber shiso and miso, clean and refreshing- Deviled eggs with creme fraiche and golden trout roe, a nice touch of salty on the creamy center- Grilled tiger prawns - on the dry side, not good for me, too smoky, tooDinner mains:- tagliatelle - wild mushroom, al dente and savory but not overwhelming- long island duck breast was cooked well from a display perspective, but didn't stand out with much flavor- rack of lamb w/ swiss chard, potato puree, onion and reduction - done well and not too gamy, consistency and pink was just right- miso cod - disappointed, the miso flavor tasted simply drizzled on the top of the well-cooked fish, but had no infusion of flavor like you would get at NobuDessert:- gotham chocolate cake - too bitter for me, and I don't like salty ice cream- pear souffle - light and puffy, delicious end to a mealOverall, service was top-notch and the food was a little hit-and-miss. When I come here again, will be sure to try some other dishes.
#REVIEW#This is a Michelin star restaurant and I can see why. This place has been around for over 30 years with the same chef!!! We arrived late at 9:15 pm and we're warmly greeted by the gentleman up front. This restaurant is a block away from The Strand Bookstore. The decor is formal and spacious. Our waitress Gabriella was attentive and very helpful. Even though they close at 9:45 pm we didn't feel rushed at all. We ordered the Mushroom Tagliatelle which was cooked perfectly and filled with delicious morels and cream sauce. The Miso Black cod was outstanding. The cod was thick and rich. The sauce paired well with the star of the dish - the cod. The vegetable (Bok Choy) was slightly crunchy and delicious. Kudos also to the bartender who made the best Sazerac I've tasted. Wow!!!! It was a great meal and a great experience! Will be back next time I'm in the area.
#REVIEW#We came here for restaurant week lunch and it was very disappointing overall.I think the service is wonderful and I would give it five stars. For a starter, I had the curried soup and tasted just like an Indian dhaal. It was a little weird to me though as it did not taste like a soup somehow, it was too thick and seemed like a plain curry that would have paired better with rice and I found the flavor to be overly bitter. I tried the ceviche which my friend ordered and the flavor palette was superior to mine except the portion size was tiny. For the entree, I had the pan roasted chicken. I felt it was better than the soup but still left much to the imagination. I mean I imagine chicken to be paired with sides usually. It was a decent chicken and had some sauce but it didn't wow me and I finished all the glaze that came with it in the first few bites and then the second half of the experience, the chicken was dry/unseasoned.My friend had the vegetable risotto, and again, I felt the flavor was stronger for that than the chicken. However, she was not full.Overall, I felt the food was sub par. For example, even the free bread was hard like a rock. I'm a bit perplexed and wonder if they let their quality or menu options slide because it was restaurant week or because it was lunch? Overall it makes me wary to try out Michelin starred restaurants as I fear they may be overhyped as this one was.
#REVIEW#Came here for restaurant week. We called and were able to score a table for 2 during an off time for them. I appreciated the accomodation.This is a fancy, upscale dining experience. Everything from the appetizers to dessert are well done and beautifully plated. What stood out to me was their chocolate cake. It melted in my mouth. The sponge was so delicious, and unlike any cake I had before. The tables are a little close together, so I felt a little uncomfortable that I could hear everyone's personal conversations but the food made the experience worth it.
#REVIEW#Came for the prix fixe lunch. $50 for 3 courses (including dessert). You can pick any 2 savories for 2 of the courses, which was really great value. Decor was really cool... and the restaurant had a very airy feel due to the high ceilings. Food excellent and generous portions -miso cod was possibly the best cod that I've had. The miso complimented the fish really well. And the sauce was delicious. -ordered the cote de beouff burger, which was a special ($4 upcharge). This thing was amazing... really strong taste (since its dry aged for 60 days) so not for everyone.-chocolate cake dessert was also great. Service was excellentWill definitely return
#REVIEW#The BEST restaurant I have ever been to! Unbelievably good all around. I wanted to find something wrong with this restaurant, but I just couldn't. Everything was simply amazing and it was hands down the best dining experience I have ever had. From the food, to the service, to the ambiance. It was impeccable, 5 stars!!!!!Upon arriving to the restaurant, I was quickly seated. I made a reservation the day before and the process was easy and painless. After being seated, the waiter introduced himself and explained the menu. I decided to go with the a la carte menu for dinner: deviled eggs - "For the Table", rack of lamb and surf and turf - entrees, and apple crisp/tart (item was special and not on their menu) - dessert. Once my order was taken by the waiter, a gentleman (I would like to think of him as the "Bread Man") gave us some free bread and fixed our table setting based on our meal. He was on top of his game from beginning to end. Bread was on table quickly, our plates were quickly taken after we finished each course... and then more bread was on the table. I loved the Bread Man!Now onto the food. The deviled eggs were an explosion of flavor in my mouth. The surf and turf was freakin melt in your mouth. The rack of lamb was punch you in the face good. And, the apple crisp was simply amazing. Delicious food. Needless to say, this dining experience was far above anything I've ever experienced. I would definitely come back and would highly recommend it for any and every special occasion. 5 stars!!!!!
#REVIEW#Wow! Hands down one of the best birthday dinners I've had. I came here on Monday night and the place was fairly busy. - Seafood salad (5/5): HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! It's described as chilled but no worries the salad was not refrigerated cold. It came with plenty of mixed seafood but it could use more lobster. Everything was so tender. The vinaigrette was subtle. I wanted to order seconds and I'm still dreaming about it. - Lobster and short rib surf & turf (5/5): AMAZING! The meats were buttery melt in your mouth delicious. I started thinking what have I been eating all my life before this?? The "foam" on the lobster was impressive with great flavor. Everything was perfect.  - Tagiatelle (4/5): Waiter had warned us that pasta portions were small and that we could pay more for a large but we didn't. I thought the portion was good. The pasta was al dente with a strong mushroom flavor. The goat cheese wasn't seen but really compliments everything. - Electric avenue cocktail (5/5): This is one of those very few moments where I felt the cocktail was actually worth $18 price tag. It was tastefully crafted. - Gotham chocolate cake (3/5): A popular choice but I wasn't a fan. The texture of the cake was super airy almost chalky but it tasted rich and heavy. The salty ice cream on the side was unmemorable.  Overall I had a wonderful meal. Our waiter was nice but the service needs improvement. I had higher expectations given that this was a michelin star restaurant. Nevertheless I'm still giving it 5 stars. I would love to return one day!
#REVIEW#My friend and I came to Gotham Bar and Grill for a weekday lunch. We had a 1 pm reservation and I was seated promptly. The restaurant was busy but not every table was full nor was it crazy. I was offered a drink menu and I started with a glass of wine, before it arrived at the table my friend showed up. She placed her drink order which was delivered as we began to mull over the menu. The waiter never checked in on us nor did he reappear. We saw staff with a bread basket handing out warm rolls so we asked for one, and the server obliged. It was an extraordinary amount of time until our server came to take our food order. We both ordered from the Lunch 3 Course $48 menu: - The Seafood Salad- The Bucatini Cacio E Pepe- (2) Miso Marinated Black Cod with bok choy, shiitake mushrooms, sticky rice, soy lemongrass- Gotham Chocolate Cake- Assorted SorbetWe had decided to split the appetizer, first course, and desserts which we had mentioned to the waiter. The food came out very slow, it was delicious and precise. Perfectly presented and no need for accoutrements.  As we eagerly awaited each next course we also eagerly awaited ordering another drink. The surrounding tables came and went and we didn't finish dining until after 4 when we had arrived at 1pm. Thankfully we weren't in a rush but this seemed extreme. The lack of attention from our original server who eventually left for the day in the middle of our meal was replaced with someone friendly and more attentive. This experience was disappointing especially considering with food and drink this meal for 2 was close to $300. The food itself is to die for (except the bland sorbet). If it wasn't for the lackluster service this review would be 5 stars.
#REVIEW#My husband and I visited Gotham Bar and Grill a few weeks ago. This was one of, if not, the best meal we've ever had! Between the food, service and overall ambiance, our visit was impeccable-5 stars for sure! We had a gift card which was not recently purchased for us and the manager allowed us to use it towards our bill. Excellent food and exceptional service all around. Be sure to save room for their incredible apple tart, it was unreal! Thank you Gotham for a memorable night out!
#REVIEW#A classic New York establishment.  A bit old school so great for business meetings.  It's not loud so you can have decent conversation over a great meal.For lunch their offer 3 course for $48.  Tuna tartar - standard, light and perfect for starter.Miso cod - I'll come back just for this.  So much better than Nobu's.Lemon parfait - ok maybe I could have skipped this one.  Maybe they'll consider offering a 2 course option as well.Service is professional and swift.
#REVIEW#Overall: came here for restaurant week for lunch and I must say it was an absolutely lovely experience from the classic ambiance to the service to the delicious food... will certainly return.Food: Appetizer - wild stripped bass crudo is a must. Very light and refreshing with a hint of citrus topped off with fresh herbs. Main: Branzino - perfectly crisp exterior... one of the best I've had in the city .... which is say a lot. The bread is warm and individually served based on your preferencesService: incredibly attentive, filled water on point ... honestly, could ask for more Will definitely return!
#REVIEW#Went here for restaurant week. I have been wanting to come here for a while now but usually they only have restaurant week specials for lunch so a bit hard to get in unless you're in the neighborhood. It was such a pleasant experience from the very beginning. We were invited in with a warm welcome. We were even welcomed to the neighborhood which was so sweet. Food:Wild striped bass crudo for appetizer; it included strips of bass, pineapple, cucumber, radishes, red onion passion fruit granada, with a chili citrus emulsion. This was very light and refreshing. The slight kick of chili and citrus really brought the mild tones of bass up a notch. The pineapple balanced it out with some sweet tones. Pan roasted branzino for entree; roasted fennel, peppers, baby leek, fingerling potatoes, white port lime emulsion. The branzino was done very well. The crispiness of the top skin was a pleasant addition to the symphony of flavors. Gotham chocolate cake for dessert; it came with salted almond ice cream. This dish was not so mindblowing but a solid dish nevertheless. Ambiance: Light and spacious. Beautiful cloth draped light  fixtures adorning the restaurant. It is elegant with some old time charm. Service: Very good. We were seated very quickly and served timely. Water was timely refilled. Everyone was very pleasant. Overall I would come back. I only wish that the seared foie gras came for cheaper. I would like to try it but I'd have to think about it given the price.
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing!!!   Michelin Star Restaurant...what more needs to be said???Food Outstanding!  Service Outstanding!   Cocktails Outstanding!  Decor and Ambiance Outstanding!   Appetizers and Entrees were so good.  Dessert just capped off a wonderful evening. 2 1/2 hrs of enjoyment.  We ordered Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras, Prawns and Roasted Squash and Prawn Cocktails for our appetizers.  Everyone loved them.  Our Entrees were the Halibut, Miso Black Cod and New York Aged Strip Steak. Amazing!All of their cocktails were very good as well.  The only downside is you will pay for this but not out of what we expected.  You get what you pay for.  If in doubt just read the first paragraph once again.  Bon Appetite!
#REVIEW#Very good lunch prix fixe with a flawed main course. The bread was fresh & soft. I was served with smooth and creamy butter with just enough salt to add proper "zing."The tuna crudo had an excellent unique flavor profile with sweet elements of pineapple and acid. Diced fruits and vegetables were properly uniform. It nicely cleansed the palate. The fish was buttery smooth and fresh. This was an excellent dish. The pesto pasta was just not that great. It tasted very strongly of pine nuts and overpowering herbaceousness. The pasta didn't taste particularly fresh and was too al dente to absorb the flavors of the pesto sauce properly. The kale greens in the dish only exacerbated the overt grassiness of this dish. The best way I could describe this miss is that it was too "grassy." There were too many robust and leafy ingredients competing for mouthfeel. There wasn't a balanced flavor profile (too bitter).The cake was excellent. The crumb looked like a regular cake. But the texture was almost like mousse, insanely smooth, deeply chocolately, and moist.
#REVIEW#We ordered the Niman Ranch specialty steak (medium rare, of course) and the miso black cod.The steak was incredible. Perfect temp, seasoning, and crispy yet tender. The miso cod was so flavorful and the sticky rice was to die for.It was definitely a bit pricey, but worth the high-dollar splurge if you can budget it. We finished the meal with their specialty chocolate cake (we're on a bday trip so why not) and it was melt-in-your-mouth amazingness). The service was also outstanding. Respectful and attentive. Definitely recommend if you want a fine dining experience!
