#NAME#The Modern
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-modern-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Absolute best staff...anywhere.  Not just in NYC, but literally anywhere.  I regularly travel the United States and have never experienced a friendlier, more attentive staff than The Modern.  Bartenders are the best in the business!  They are mixologists that understand flavors and construction of drinks.The fare is always exquisite, in presentation and flavor.  The chefs impart depth of flavor in each plate. The ambience is spectacular, as is the design of the property.  Guests are able to comfortably converse in the open floor plan design.The Modern is our #1 locale in NYC.
#REVIEW#The Modern is such a TREAT!Came here last weekend for my boyfriend's birthday because he deserve a fancy meal. We came for lunch and had the 3 course meal for $138 (you can do either pick 3 items for $138 or the 7 course meal where the menu is already selected for $178).All the food that we order looked like art and was beautifully displayed. The silverware also made it aesthetically pleasing. The only complaint was the cloth napkins they provided. It sheds all over your clothes. PLZ change those napkins! For food we ordered the following:1. Appetizers: -Snapper-this was just okay in terms of creativity. It was a sashimi style use of the fish. If you don't like raw like fish do not get this. Also it was a little salty.-Scallops-it came in a pea sauce and was delicious. Definitely order this! Especially if you like scallop, perfectly seared!2. Entrees:-Duck-this came with a poach apricot and basil sauce. The duck skin was crispy and wasn't too fat.  -Beef with artichoke-100% get this. This was the best thing ordered. This came with a bone marrow sauce and was so buttery and delicious!3. Dessert:-Brioche pudding- Basically a banana bread pudding but fancy. This was beautifully presented and tasty. -Passion Fruit Merginue- this came with lychee sorbet and was much lighter and more refreshing than the brioche pudding. They also served us a mushroom appetizer and bread during our meal. Both were delicious! My boyfriend really enjoyed his experience and I'm happy we got to spend his birthday at The Modern. The total came out to be about $300 (my boyfriend got a drink). I thought it was worth it for the quality and creativity of the food. We will definitely be back for another occasion!
#REVIEW#Our experience with lunch at The Modern was unpleasant. There are 3 classes of seating. The upper class dimes on white linen tablecloths in a quiet area with a view of the garden and can have a $138 per person 3-course lunch or a $178/pp 6-course lunch. The middle class eats at bare tables in a noisy area. And the rest eat st low tables with uncomfortable swivel chairs and very uncomfortable, too-wide benches. The $24 white asparagus soup was served lukewarm and was just flavored cream served over some chopped red peppers. The $43 herb-stuffed chicken breast was undercooked (still pink) and served lukewarm. It was accompanied by a few slices of cooked endive and a few royal trumpet mushrooms. The best part of the meal were the two warm cube-shaped rolls. Not recommended.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday night for a graduation dinner. We selected the sampler menu which consists of selecting 4 courses, and The Modern surprises you with 3. They perfectly link the courses so you have one sweet dish, then a salty one, then a savory one, etc. The best main dishes we had were the lobster, and steak with mushrooms. Another dish that was really refreshing and creative was the everything bagel ice cream! Make sure you book the reservation a few weeks in advance so you will have the exact time you want. Beautiful place for a nice meal.
#REVIEW#Fantastic spot, right next to The MoMa museum. Prix Fixe menu or the lounge for a la cart. You can never go wrong with a restaurant by a Danny Meyer. I look up to him and have tried many of his restaurants. But reading the book "Setting The Table" by him, every time I gave doubt in service, reassuring me that, customers are so important in your business! Chef Abram Brissel, I got to meet him at Pebble Beach Food & Wine a few times. Always delicious food he served, a Michelin Star restaurant with impeccable service from start to finish.Somm Lukas Dempsey was kind, approachable, and knowledgeable. We much appreciated your recommendation on the 1969/1971 Madeira.Went by the kitchen to taking some photo! This awesome sous chef Tish called me in to take photo with the chefs kitchen team. I was awe by the warm hospitality I received!The Tarte Flambée with bacon was damn tasty.The Spicy Beef Tartare was good.The White asparagus from Provence was delish.The Avocado Salad was great.The Razor clam pasta was yummy! The French 75 with XO, set us back $60ish each was out of the world good! We chose Remy XO ourselves! We can't wait to return next month! Thank you for the wonderful experience!
#REVIEW#Exceptional tasting menu with dishes that still play on my buds days later. I'm not sure you need the wine pairing to go with it as I think it interferes with your focus on the food but definitely a fantastic experience It's not cheap,  excellence rarely is but all in all I highly recommend it !Pictures say a thousand words so check them out instead.
#REVIEW#This was truly incredible -- one of the best meals of my life, and even better than my very high expectations going in. We did the kitchen table, which was an amazing experience in itself (you are literally right next to the action, and you hear the good, bad, and ugly that's going on in the kitchen). But the food is really what you come for, and it was basically perfect. In all, we had about 13 "courses" (if you count small bites and bread) over the span of two hours (it was incredible well-paced), and we loved every single one. We couldn't come close to agreeing on what our favorite dishes were -- we literally could have chosen maybe half or more of the 13. Gun to my head, some of the most memorable were:- Eggs on eggs, which had three different types of eggs, including caviar, along with an amazing brioche that you use as a dip vehicle.- An incredible croissant with a mustard filling.- Squash with black truffles- Maybe the best vanilla ice cream I've ever eatenVery pricey, obviously, but up there with just about any tasting menu we've had. We really loved it.
#REVIEW#My favorite restaurant in Danny Meyer's Union Square Hospitality collection is hands down The Modern. Great food, elegantly plated, good ambiance, and fantastic service to top it off. This spot happy to accommodate dietary restrictions, but is great for adventurous eaters who like the uncertainty of the extras the kitchen will bring out. I've been to many restaurants of this caliber that have snooty service, but The Modern is not one of those. They know their menu well and are enthusiastic about providing recommendations to give you the best experience possible. They are there when you need them, but don't overshadow your meal. The tables are spread out so you don't feel like you need to yell or join in on the table next door's conversation. I can't recommend this place enough for a special occasion or nice evening out.
#REVIEW#Unbelievable!  We did the kitchen table with 2 other friends and the food and staff were amazing!  We were so impressed with how professional and pleasant the kitchen staff was.  Truly a one of a kind experience!  I can't wait to bring more friends and go back!  The eggs on eggs on eggs! Omg! The best dish ever! Also our favorites were the scallops, duck, and tagliolini (see menu we had posted).
#REVIEW#Amazing meal in a beautiful space that overlooks the museum's terrace. We had the 3 course lunch with wine pairing and it's really worth it (service included). They started us off with a broth that had wasabi at the base, warm, frothy and savory.Next came the Tuna tartare dressed in a smoked dashi vinaigrette, absolutely delicious, a riot in my mouth. I had the Dry aged duck, Belgian endive and poached quince as the main - you can really taste the aging, just like a good steak.Dessert was beautifully crafted and uniquely satisfying. The wine pairing really went well with the dishes.Service was perfect.
#REVIEW#I came to the modern twice - once for my birthday and once with coworkers. Their tasting menu is great. For those who don't want to do that - the bar room has more a la carte options.The service was great, as one would expect. I especially enjoyed the desserts and they had great vegetarian options as well. One of the people in my party was gluten free, and they were happy to accommodate (I actually thought the gluten free bread they gave was better than the regular!).Overall, a great place to celebrate a special occasion. The staff does a great job making everything run smoothly.
#REVIEW#My meals at the modern are always perfect. Extra points for the fried potato rounds that replace crostini's for the steak tartare. Enough to bring joy to any gluten intolerant customer.
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing! Very pricy but dishes are one of a kind and it's hard these days to find anything original. The eggs on eggs on eggs (I believe it was called) was amazing and rivaled Per Se's oyster and pearls as far as originality and flavor. Each dish we tried was wonderful and well executed.  I brought my boyfriend for his birthday and it was a memorable experience. The only thing I did not like is that we were sat without menus and when menus were finally presented we were left sitting for a long while (about 15/20 minutes) wondering how you are suppose to order from the menu. (Are you to choose or is chef to choose or what categories do you order items from?) I think one thing to be improved upon would be to present menus right away along with an explanation of how to proceed but overall a lovely evening and looking forward to returning again to try the chefs new creations.
#REVIEW#Food is innovative and amazing as usual. Pick 3 main dishes and they'll give you another 3 plus bread and other bells and whistles on desserts. Service was fine but a little robotic. Servers and Maitre d' were ok but lacked personality, smiles and other kinds of pleasantries. Coat lady didn't help take off or put on coat. Perhaps these are the little things that might prevent a 3rd star? I don't know. Food was unbelievable but the experience lacked the "I must come here again" vibe. Otherwise, still a favorite. Meal at least tasted better than other 3 star Michelins I've visited.
#REVIEW#The MOMA museum houses this special restaurant which is made for foodies. The ambiance is elegant and befitting its location. Lunch is a price fixed menu of three or six courses. ($139 & $189) excluding drinks or coffee and tip. The menu offers a number of choices for each course. While portions are small, you certainly feel full when you finish.The presentation is artfully designed and the combination of ingredients is most unusual -but delicious all the same. The serving staff is plentiful and well-trained. I suggest you make reservations for the early side -as it gets very busy by 1:30 pm.We never felt rushed, and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. While generally I'm not a desert eater - the deserts here were outstanding. Dress code was non-existent- as you saw everything from business attire to jeans and a baseball cap.
#REVIEW#Husband made reservations here for our anniversary dinner. The restaurant is attached to the MoMA and we were seated in the dining room next to the window overlooking the sculpture garden. Very sleek and polished, it's a quiet intimate atmosphere separated from the more relaxed bar area.It's a set tasting menu with several prepared dishes, but you choose an option for 3 courses; we both chose the roasted lobster with persimmons and toasted pistachios for the first choice, I picked the sauteed striped bass with butter-poached matsutake mushrooms and he had the dry aged duck with chanterelle mushrooms and glazed prunes for the second choice. For dessert, I chose the strawberry bavarois with sorrel cream and nasturtium ice cream while he had the ants on a log with pumpernickel cake and peanut butter.Served before the choices were servings of a soup dish, a presentation called "Eggs on Eggs on Eggs" served with a crispy brioche toast, a pretzel croissant with Dijon filling. Flavors were definitely new and delicious. The waitress also made a point of showing us a special squash that is apparently available for only 6 weeks of the year before they cut and served it; it was extremely tender and sweet. With the second choice, they served a choice of either nori or beer infused sourdough bread. My striped bass was nicely cooked with a crispy skin. The duck was also tasty, but my husband preferred the flavors of my bass dish more.We transitioned into dessert with a savory sweet palate cleanser: green tomato sorbet with mozzarella cream. Received a plated cupcake dish with a Happy Anniversary message and candle before our final choices. The dessert course was our least favorite of the meal. We weren't particularly blown away by the strawberry bavarois, which was beautiful and light, but forgettable. We flat out did not like the ants on a log dish to even finish it even though it looked like a work of art. The meal finished off with tiny tasty bites of banana coconut and mango wrapped sorbet. Service was polite and efficient. All in all, this was a special dining experience for a special occasion, but I would be hard pressed to say I was particularly left amazed by the meal; there were definite hits and misses and of all the dishes, I enjoyed the starters more than the actual main course and dessert. Although gratuities are included, it's quite expensive with the final bill coming out to over $500 for the two of us.
#REVIEW#We came to NYC for a friend's wedding and exploring some of the Michelin starred restaurants around the city. We came to The Modern for a Saturday lunch. It is located inside the MOMA, the ambience is sophisticated and chic. We had the 6 course chefs tasting menu (~$174 per person). Every course was amazing. Our favorites were the eggs on eggs on eggs with brioche (pictured), foie gras (pictured), duck with a perfectly rendered skin, and the chocolate ganache with milk sorbet (pictured) was out of this world. Highly recommended.
#REVIEW#Pros: 1) amazing customer service! I didn't like very much the dish, I just mention that it's ok, but they said that they not in "ok" business and change it to another dish and did it very quick :) I was really pleased! Such a great customer service!!!!! 5+ 2) great vibe; 3) great waitresses, nice and quick! Cons: 1) the food it's or too salty, or too much butter....  even in the desserts! I didn't like very much food at all. Doesn't worth of money.... it's beautiful decorated but taste is so so.
#REVIEW#Had my birthday dinner here and everyone really loved it. We shared a number of appetizers and everything was really good, as always. Service is impeccable and the sommelier truly knows his stuff. The cocktails are amazing as well as the mains. Really amazing experience. Thank you :)
#REVIEW#Exquisite formal dining experience with impeccable service, presentation and food.I've been here a couple times with small groups for special lunch occasions including a recent holiday celebration and was so impressed with the outstanding attention to detail throughout.Ambiance. Modern, formal and sophisticated. Service. Outstanding formal service with knowledgeable, polite and professional wait staff.  I've read a few reviews mentioning the lack of warmth and while I enjoy a cozy comfortable ambiance, the objective at The Modern is not warm and fuzzy but formal sophistication - and they achieve that. Water glasses and coffee filled frequently, plates cleared immediately, table kept impeccably clean and courses served impressively with beautifully presented courses uncovered simultaneously for a table of 5. Servers professional and when asked questions were knowledgeable, engaging and professionally friendly. Food. Food as Art.  Wow.  I am extremely visual and each course (various options to select from their fixed menu with multiple courses as well as a couple complimentary treasures) was another visual presentation of food as art.  Each course and each bite savory, delicious and exquisite. Given the occasions and company, I did not take photos despite loving picturesque food... and it was a challenge for me to refrain from bringing out my phone to take photos but rather to simply... enjoy.Which I did, very much.Highly recommend for a special and formal dining experience with a date, friends or family.
