#NAME#Five Senses
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/five-senses-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,bbq#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#First time eating Korean food.  The long line outside the building attracted us to try this restaurant out of all other places in Korean town.  We were seated within 20 minutes, so that is an A+ in my book.Food wise,  I was not wowed by their food. Perhaps because it is different from what I am used to eating when it comes to Asian food. Their Korean beef was very good, as for their famous Don Pan Kimchi, I didn't like it :( cheese and rice just don't go together). Just my opinion thought.  Thank you.
#REVIEW#The bibimbap was so so and pretty small sizeThe seafood pancake was too oily Definitely not worthy Would not come back
#REVIEW#Disappointed with both of my dishes. I wanted meat. We ordered the short ribs. I wish i didn't!!! It's overly sweet and marinated with bulgogi sauce.The servers asked if everything was ok and iI informed her that i didn't like it and she just apologized.
#REVIEW#Note: We sat near the kitchen, so we can see clearly how the workers handle the smaller dishes. One thing I noticed was one of the employees sneezed without covering his mouth or walking away from the station. The table beside us also witnessed the sneeze too! I am surprised on the fact that the employee didn't even wash his hands after the sneeze. First time eating at Five Senses. We were a party of two and seated fairly quickly. I would say the food was ok and atmosphere was great. We ordered 2 dishes to share. One was seafood pancake and second one was Beef Stew noodle. The seafood pancake was pretty delicious and the pieces were quite generous. The Beef Stew on the other handle was horrible. It tasted like watered stew with small noodle portion along with 3 pieces of beef. Keep in mind, we paid $15 for this Stew. I do wished the soup was more flavourful though. For all the reasons listed above I would say this was a 3 star experience. Overall, would I come back? Unfortunately, I will not come back.
#REVIEW#My first long-awaited experience here after hearing friends rave about it and I just found it mediocre overall. Came here for a late lunch with a friend so the place wasn't even packed but it took awhile for the waiter to get our orders. We each ordered a rice dish; I got the kimchi fried rice while she ordered the stone pot bibimbap. In short, I preferred her stone pot bibimbap more than the kimchi fried rice. Maybe it would have tasted better if there was less cheese and if I asked for less spicy, but alas it's too late to regret. When the waiter served it, he added more cheese than there already was and added the egg for me while mixing it. I wanted to mix it too... But you should keep mixing it as you eat because if the rice is left too long on the hot stone plate, it will get burnt! (A way of getting that crispy rice if that's what u like)It was too spicy and cheesy for me (nothing against cheese, that's why I picked it) which masked the flavors of the dish. I wouldn't deter others from ordering but definitely would have appreciated a heads up as I ordered it. While ordering one for one may be too much, the amount may be not enough to share as two. You can ask for a take out box if you can't finish your rice!
#REVIEW#Large portions! I had the mackerel dinner which was good. A tad on the drier side. I also had some of the seafood pancake which was tasty, but a little too greasy. Had a bite of fried rice with cheese and was pleasantly surprised. decent place but the prices are quite high! But common for the area. Also, this place is busy so expect a wait.
#REVIEW#The food was really good at Five Senses. A friend of mine who comes down to Korea town often recommended this place. The food came out relatively quickly and it was tasty.
#REVIEW#Great Korean restaurant along the Korea Way near the Empire State Building in New York.Got the Army Stew (Budae Jjigae /  ), and it was pretty damn good. Extremely friendly staff.Only qualms: a little pricier, and could be really crowded since it's a very good, popular restaurant.
#REVIEW#This place has been on my list for years, and I finally made it one weekday evening. Kimchi fried rice was delicious (and the presentation was impressive). Also really enjoyed the silken tofu stew. The side dishes were very tasty, too. Great kimchi in particular. Next time: would try a pork belly or short rib dish for sure!
#REVIEW#Found myself at Five Senses craving late night Korean food in K-Town!Pros:- Bright, open, and clean restaurant- Quick and friendly service- Open late until 3 AM Sun - Wed and until 5 AM Thu - Sat- Excellent kimchi - fresh and spicy! Also loved the spicy radish side dish mixed with fermented squid... so delish- My friend ordered the Wing Dakdoritang and enjoyed it - Large portion sizes Cons:- Prices are on the higher end for Korean dishes -  $17 for a bowl of Yukaejang (Spicy Beef Soup) and $19 for Wing Dakdoritang (Spicy Chicken Wing Stew)- I ordered the Yukaejang and the broth was extremely bland (I regret not asking for salt). It was loaded with meat and veggies which was a plus! Just wish the soup tasted better - Other side dishes besides the kimchi and radish were bland as well Although the overall ambiance and service was great, I was unfortunately not impressed by the food. A solid 3.5/5 for Five Senses.
#REVIEW#My favorite cuisine is Korean so any chance to have some is right up my alley and what better way than in NYC!! K-town is always on my to-do list when visiting so we were lucky enough to arrive early on a Sunday morning. There was only 1 other couple already there so our server was very attentive to us. She was very efficient and friendly. We wanted to order everything but decided to narrow it down to a couple things that we could share....1) Tiger Shrimp appetizer (5 pcs) - 5 stars. Very flavorful and decent sized shrimp, hence the name. 2) Yangnyeom Galbi (beef short ribs) - 5 stars. Marinated and grilled to perfection.3) Jae Yook Bokum (spicy pork) - 5 stars. Perfectly seasoned and marinated with just the right amount of spiciness. Right away they bring out the typical banchan (side dishes that you can request more of if you like) with romaine lettuce leaves. I asked if they had steamed egg but they didn't. Once our food arrived, it was time to do the happy dance. Have you seen the meme of Winnie the Pooh dancing at the table? That was us. Ajima was kind enough to cut up the galbi for us and frequently checked back on us. She was super friendly. We did have to ask for the salty sesame oil, though, which I thought should have been given automatically. The ambiance is pretty simple, well maintained, and stylish. The bathrooms are nice and clean so that is always a plus - you just never know in the city. I loved the music they played in the background and if you're ever in the mood for soup, this is the place for ya! They have all the soups you can think of! Price is decent, as most Korean places are on the higher end but it's always worth it to me. Do I recommend? Heck yes. Am I inclined to return when in town? You bet'cha!
#REVIEW#Disclaimer: I am a weird Korean who really does not get a craving for Korean food when I am abroad whether I am working or traveling. However, I really had a craving for spicy Korean food (not like Tabasco, jalapeno, sriracha spicy but actual Korean red pepper paste spicy), so I went there with my friend on Thursday night around 7pm. Line was not long but the restaurant was packed. We were being ambitious and ordered three dishes.1. Kimchi jeon 2. Little Octopus and pork dish(  ..?)3. Seafood tteok-bok-kiOut of three, my favorite was definitely number 3! It was delicious. The rest two are also great and I loved the level of spiciness. I am also not an authentic Korean since my tolerance of spicy food is comparatively lower than average Korean but I literally devoured all of those three.Complimentary side-dishes were great as well! Will be coming back if I happen to have another weird Korean food craving.
#REVIEW#Super busy on Saturday afternoon but food and service were still remarkable. We ordered the Japchae, Galbi Jjim, and Sul Lung Tang. I absolutely loved the Japchae and Galbi Jjim but wasn't blow away by the Sul Lung Tang. The Japchae was flavorful and had lots of vegetables which I appreciated because it balanced out all the grains/carbs and meat. The Galbi Jjim meat fell off the bone and was SO TENDER and delicious. Highly recommend it! The Sul Lung Tang was just kind of boring and lacked flavor. It comes with a salt shaker so we could add however much salt we wanted, which I thought was interesting. The beef was a bit dry as well so wasn't a fan of it. Since there was a long line, we thought there would be a long line. However, we were seated pretty quickly so I was pleasantly surprised by that. Overall, would definitely say it is a Ktown favorite and will be back.
#REVIEW#So the big reason I came here is because of soy sauce crab since it is a rare delicacy and most of the places don't have it.I have seen other people ordering other dishes and they all look pretty impressed. The crab we got were really good with good flavor but I have to say it is probably not the best. The price is very good.The price for all other dishes seems to be on the expensive side. That being said may be it is because of the location. Because I feel like most of the Korean restaurants in this area are a little over priced.
#REVIEW#It's a cozy restaurant with a waiting line that's awkwardly positioned between a wall and a few tables at the front of the restaurant. I supposed that's a given for any NYC restaurant with a smaller footprint. I originally intended to dine-in but after considering the inevitable wait, I opted to order take out instead. So, 20-minutes later I was out the door anxiously awaiting to head back to my hotel & dig in to my meal.  GALBI JJIM (appetizer) braised marinated prime short ribs in special sweet soy sauce reduction. JU MOK BOKUM (entree) stir fried baby octopus and berkshire pork in a house special gochujang sauce. Both were very flavorful and worth ordering again. The short ribs were very tender and there was a generous amount of baby octopodes in my entree. I was also pleasantly surprised to see that they included banchan (side dishes) with my take out order. The only negative is probably that the "appetizer" portion of the GALBI JJIM is $21. Eh? Not sure my single entree and appetizer is worth $55 but whatever. It was good but a lunch size portion was probably better suited for me personally. The amount of food was easily enough for a party of two.  Also, there isn't really an ideal spot to wait for a take-out order (no bar area) so I opted to leave & check out a nearby Korean grocery store and return to pick up my take out order.
#REVIEW#Came with some friends and shared everything. First came the banchan, which were varied and seasoned just right. We started off with the hang jung sal salad; the vegetables were fresh but the pork was a bit lacking in seasoning.The yangnyeom galbi was tender and flavorful, with well-marbled fat throughout. The ogam chef special was also delicious and a great way to sample a variety of different proteins, though I think it was a little bit on the salty side. Finally, the do kani tang was OK but could have used more umami.3.5 stars
#REVIEW#I've been here a few times already and always had a great experience here, however my most recent visit here propelled me to write a review. We had a pretty short wait on a Saturday night for 3 people, so it wasn't bad at all! Their prime short rib platter was absolutely delicious!! Yes it costs at least $40, but I think it's worth it and it was plenty to share between the 3 of us. We also got seafood pancake which was amazingly crispy. The kimchi fried rice is always solid, but I must say I've had better kimchi fried rice elsewhere. Solid korean food spot!
#REVIEW#Always an awesome spot for their lunch specials. Loooooove. They have awesome ddeokbooki, I've never had it before, was never a fan of any rice cakes. But if I were to try, this would've been the place. And they did not disappoint. I am hooked!!
#REVIEW#The Korean food here is phenomenal. The Sundubu-jjigae was one of the best I ever had...teeming with a ton of fresh seafood like mussels, shrimp and even scallions. The Sul Lung Tang was smooth and flavorful. The bonchon was very good and the kimchi was very fresh.
#REVIEW#Hi John, I would love to private message you guys to talk more about this but unfortunately that option is not presented. Thanks for your timely attention to this matter!
