#NAME#Serendipity 3
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/serendipity-3-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#desserts,newamerican#RATING#3.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Not a sweet tooth bit nor I'm disappointed. Will definitely recommend Smore Frozen Chocolate, you'll get all the FYRE grilling gun action on your table, and make sure you turn on the video to record the coolness when it starting to melt and burn in front of your lens.The OMG must must MUST order 'Forbidden Broadway Sundae'. Brownie, Fudge, Icecream,Whipped cream. What else do you ask for? The PURRRFECT combination. Also, ordered their hamburger plate, in loved with their fries and mayo dipping sauce.Definitely a great place to hangout.
#REVIEW#Pros:+ Just like the movies+ Great for date night or bringing kids+ Ginormous portions - yes, the sundaes are as big as your headCons:- Mediocre desserts - the portions are great, but the flavors are just not the best- Food options lacking though - I'd recommend finding dinner at another restaurant nearby- $12.50 minimum per person though
#REVIEW#Delicious! I'm not exactly sure why reviews are saying the food isn't good? I ordered the nachos and they hit the spot, I had to take home my leftovers and eat them the next day (leftover nachos? Normally gross but these were still great next day). The frozen hot chocolate however is mostly hype. It's fun and cute but the price is really steep for what is essentially a souped up Wendy's frosty. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not necessarily $15 good. For sure a place to check out if you're a fan of the movie and are looking for a tourist attraction. Atmosphere was cute and kitschy. I don't know if I would go again, it's more of a one and done type of place.
#REVIEW#My friend really wanted to come here because of the movie.  Place was just walking distance from where we were staying.  It's a unique place with cute decor. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  Our server, Oscar was amazing.  It was my birthday and he went out of his way to make me a rose with napkins ( so sweet) and dessert with a candle on top.  He totally made my day!!Food was good but nothing to rave about. Portions are generous. Wish we had room to try one of their famous desserts but we were too full.  Will try it for sure on our next visit.
#REVIEW#We made reservations, as there were six of us.  The place is small, but decor is fun and funky.  The food was good but overpriced (IMHO).  The desserts were good, but to me, this was a "one and done".  Good experience and food, but I'm not drawn to go back.
#REVIEW#This was on my daughter's bucket list due to the movie, even though I still have not seen it.FOOD:  Don't let anyone tell you the only thing to get here is the renowned "frozen hot chocolate".  We split a turkey, Brie and apple sandwich with fries that was stellar.  The portion size is generous and fresh.  I have to say that the fries were simply the best I have ever had in my life of 65 years.  Super crunchy on the outside and pillow fluffy & hot on the inside.  ATMOSPHERE:  I didn't know what to expect, but this is a tiny, eclectic space where they pack you in.  The bathroom is smaller than on a plane!  Still, fun to view all the kitsch & do some people watching.SERVICE:  I love it when the waitstaff is friendly and making a connection with the clientele.  The hostess/cashier did a great job & while our server was attentive and fast, never told us his name.TIPS:  No matter what you do, save room for the frozen hot chocolate, and then pick up a can to take home, you won't regret it!
#REVIEW#I have no complaints. We made a reservation on Yelp and were seated quickly. I only came for the frozen hot chocolate because that's what they are known for and I ate way too much the entire day, so I couldn't have eaten more if I wanted. I was surprised at the appearance of the interior. Very eclectic and random... many odd things to look at. I ordered the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate. Seemed easy enough to make really just hot cocoa mix, maybe some milk and blended with ice and some peanut butter then topped with fresh madeWhipped cream and chocolate shavings. It was good, but more liked it for the experience of it all. They had many crazy looking sundaes coming out of the kitchen. I'd probably try one of those next time.
#REVIEW#I had been waiting to visit Serendipity since I saw a special on their $1000 sundae, that was at least 10 years ago. After a decade, I made it but I was severely underwhelmed. I made a reservation two weeks in advance for a large group of teens. During the phone call, the person reassured me that everything was ready to go. Fast forward to the day of and the staff couldn't locate my reservation. To add onto the inconvenience​, the manager straight up laughed in my face when I told him that I needed tables for my group of very hungry teens. He was very unprofessional and extremely unhelpful, ​unfortunately​.  After being asked to wait outside for about 20 minutes and much back and forth, we were finally seated.The food was the same quality as the frozen​​ food you'd find at your local supermarket​. Overall the food was subpar to say the least. In stark contrast, the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate​ was great! Oh, also there is a $12.50 minimum which isn't that bad since their appetizers start at about $13. Our waiter was the shinning star of our visit. He was super attentive and detailed. He was the only one in the entire establishment that made my teens feel comfortable being in the restaurant​. Without him, I don't feel that I would have been able to give Serendipity​ a full 2 stars. The venue is cool with lots of random decoration elements thrown together to create a whimsical look. It's a small place and very touristy. So, I'd recommend a drop by just because Serendipity is a NYC "must visit" spot. But, I wouldn't recommend a second visit.
#REVIEW#The ambiance is very cute and quaint, I like the ice cream parlor feel. I was apprehensive about wait times for being seated but we made a reservation and were seated right away. Let's be honest.... everyone goes here for the desserts. The regular food is overpriced for just "eh" dishes. We ate $20 chicken fingers and fries which were fine at best... and shared them to save room for dessert. We tried the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate which was mostly like a shake? But delicious and huge!(definitely good for sharing) Very cute spot to bring kids or have a date, however, eat your dinner elsewhere beforehand... or just eat lots of ice cream for dinner : )
#REVIEW#I came here because I watched the movie! It was okay, dessert was not anything special but they are opened late night and we were seated next to the fireplace where the main characters sat in Serendipity the movie. It was more for the experience and not for the desserts.
#REVIEW#Hands down, you can't beat the ice cream experience here. It was difficult explaining to our 5 year grandchild old why this place had to be a part of her childhood memories, however one day she'll get it. The eclectic decor going on was fun to look at. My husband didn't get it, but I thought it was cool. Our granddaughter selected the ice cream sundae. What an overpriced delight it was. It was perfection! Actually every ice cream experience exiting the kitchen was a sight to behold, and I wanted to try every one of them! I kept thinking of the diabetic coma they'd find me in, but hey..... beautiful presentations. The food. Oh boy. We didn't get the memo to eat first. The $15 footlong hot dog and fries were the worst hot dog experience to date....not to mention the wings. I read reviews complimenting the food, even pics looked great. We did not have a good food experience. The fries were lukewarm and the presentation lacked any food love whatsoever. Maybe you guys save the awesomeness for the celebrities who pass through your doors. We didn't get it. Oh well.... Restaurant cleanliness? I will need you guys to get a good cleaning company in there to do a good scrubbing of the entire place.....and on a very regular basis. Your restrooms made me itch and wanting another shower. To charge the prices you are getting away with, you can certainly afford to scrub floors, corners and baseboards a lot better. And a better sanitizing method needs consideration for the restroom. We don't need nostalgia in there. Get that thing up to code and date please. :)Will I return? Of course!! I've got another precious little granddaughter who has to have her own Serendipity experience. Next time we'll just stick to the ice cream. *wink*
#REVIEW#I see Serendipity 3 has a 3 star average rating, and I think that's spot on.The decor is pretty cool...lots of interesting, quirky things to look at.  That alone doesn't make it worth a visit, but it does keep you occupied, kind of playing "I Spy".Our server was pleasant and knew the menu.I chose the chicken and waffles, and they were fine.  I mean---they weren't outstanding, but they weren't memorable either.  If I were craving chicken and waffles I'd order it again, but wouldn't go out of my way to.We did try the frozen hot chocolate and it was quite good.I'm glad we visited, but nothing about the visit makes me want to rush right back there.
#REVIEW#Kind of an institution, but maybe a bit tired, and we went here anyway for the frozen hot chocolate, credible food and the kitsch and connection to the iconic NYC movie.Anyway, seated quickly, upstairs. Sort of a cold ambiance with stark white walls, marble tables and boorish tourists. Did the frozen hot chocolate which was just ok - don't typically like ice crystals in my drinks - and a couple of sandwiches. Decent, but not excellent.They basically have everything on the menu, so you can definitely find something you're into. Probably no need to go back, but glad we had the experience.
#REVIEW#Y'all. The atmosphere is much like the inside of a toy chest from the 1920s. At first I was appalled but after spending a few minutes inside the eclectic collection of shiny things, I began to understand the overall concept. Food was good. Vegetarian options weren't bad. Don't go here if you want to eat healthy though. I tried conquering the unicorn sundae on my own and only got about halfway through before my little voice started telling me about the dangers of diabetes etc. great Instagram spot. Wait staff was Uber helpful. Will return again but with more people to share my ice cream with.
#REVIEW#***MINIMUM CHARGE of $12.50/person, otherwise they will NOT serve you.*** My boyfriend and I heard a lot about the frozen hot chocolate, both from Yelp and friends. In fact, one of my friend's parents had the hot chocolate on their first date (clearly it fostered good feelings). The frozen hot chocolate looked huge, so we wanted to split one - but due to the minimum charge, we couldn't.The waiter was also pretty rude about it. For context, Serendipity only had a few other people in it - they were not busy. Instead of giving us suggestions on other dishes we could order, or showing any sign that they wanted our business, the waiter just said "You can't do that" when we tried to order. Clearly, they didn't need our patronage, and I was happy to leave.
#REVIEW#Is it overrated? Yes. If you want to see a bunch of people wearing " I heart NY" is this place to go? Yes. Heard a lot of things about this place and other two times I have tried to go the wait has been unbearable but on a Tuesday night, zero wait. There is a $12.50 minimum per person which is dumb and why I call it a tourist trap because you get stuck ordering two items and spending nearly $20/person after tip. We got the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate which was okay? Not something I crave or want to come back for. It reminded me of a Frosty from Wendy's. The nachos on the other hand were actually pretty good. The server made this comment that the chefs were Mexican and that's why the nachos were good. Although true, felt slightly offensive.  Overall: don't bring family unless they love Frosty's and if they do, you might as well take them to Wendy's and save the $20.
#REVIEW#Serendipity is one of those places that has a "must do" tag on it.  Be it by the Food Network, or friends that have traveled to NYC, or social media, I'm sure you've seen their giant Sundays and colorful décor even you haven't been there.Well, on our last NYC trip we decided to go and give them and try, and finally say "I've been there!"Went early afternoon, 3 of us.  As soon as you walk in you are hit with a bunch of colors and merchandise for sale: stuffed animals, cute knick knacks, souvenirs from the shop, and more.  Keep going in and more explosion of colors and eclectic décor is all over the place.  Mirrors, butterflies, flowers all hanging from the ceiling and on the walls.  It is charming and cute but a little overwhelming too.The downstairs area was full so we went up the pink stairs, and were seated on the second floor, to the back.  We would have liked a table closer to a window, but this is what we got.  The upstairs is colorful too but not so full with stuff like the first floor.We looked at the menu, and started with some tea and coffee.  I had their special Serendip Coffee, this is literally, as the menu says, an overflowing cup of coffee, with extremely generous amount of whip cream that melts inside and outside the cup, giving the coffee some sweetness that adds to the nutmeg flavor it already has.  This was my favorite part of my visit to Serendipity.  Then we ordered the "Can't Say No" Sunday to share.  This Sunday is Humble Pie (peanut butter with graham cracker pie) topped with ice cream, bananas, hot fudge and whipped cream.  The combination of flavors and presentation really makes it impossible to say no to it.  But after a couple of bites I was done.   Sundays are huge so, unless this is your lunch and dinner, share...  Also, if you want to save some $.  This was $20 just for the Sunday.  A bit much for ice cream, if you ask me.The staff was nice, and we enjoyed our treat but can't say I'm dying to go back.  I feel like it's an "ok, I did it" and that's it type of place.  3.5 stars.
#REVIEW#I've literally wanted to come here since middle school ever since my dad showed me an article about the frozen hot chocolate in the Time Out New York Kids magazine. But he never brought me! Sadness. Well, now I'm an adult and after years of begging, I just came here myself! Came here with a friend for lunch on a Sunday before seeing a matinee Broadway show. The Christmas season hadn't quite begun yet (we came a few weeks before Thanksgiving), but Serendipity was already ready for Santa! I would highly, no, STRONGLY recommend reservations for this place. There was a line out the door at 1 pm and the entranceway was a madhouse. Lots of hungry, unsettled guests waiting. Thank goodness I placed a reservation a few weeks before. We waited a few minutes before being seated upstairs. The menu is huge! No, literally! It was like reading a newspaper. I wanted something warm and hearty for a cold day, so I got the shepherds pie. It served me well and was really filling. The beef was seasoned pretty well. My friend who is a vegetarian was able to choose from a variety of options and finished her plate; she was satisfied. Of course we had to share an order of the frozen hot chocolate! It was everything 6th grade me dreamed of and more. I was worried the chocolate taste wouldn't be 100% present, but it definitely was very chocolaty! The chocolate shavings that sprinkled the whipped cream were a nice touch. Perfect serving size for sharing. Really glad I was finally able to check this off my New York bucket list. Also, to note, the dessert menu is endless! I will be back for sure for more.
#REVIEW#The dessert here is delicious! You can't go wrong no matter what you order. However look at the pricing prior to coming. More importantly be prepared to wait a min of 30 minutes. I checked in via Yelp and again at the hostess stand upon arrival.I can't stress how delicious the food is here. In our short 5 day visit to NY we visited this establishment twice and waited a min of 30 minutes each time because it was that good! I had no problem paying $25 per each dessert.
#REVIEW#Um - two stars because the waitress was pleasant.  I ordered French Toast which was clearly staged & soggy - with no taste. I ate the bacon - hence paid for three stripes of bacon.  I would give zero because how dare you serve this crap to people.
