#NAME#Pokeworks
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pokeworks-new-york-12?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,poke,salad#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Always a great place for poke. I usually build my own bowl with a little bit of everything added. I strongly recommend adding a splash of sesame oil and mix well. It's heaven!!!But during the summer, it's always crowded here so make sure to come early and avoid the crazy line.They are everywhere in the States and the quality is consistenly great.
#REVIEW#Came here and ordered the poke bowl with white sushi rice. Very disappointed because it was not sushi rice, it was just plain white rice and lacked flavor. I also ordered the miso soup, and have never been so disappointed in my life. It was basically hot water with a tiny tiny tiny hint of salt. Do not recommend.
#REVIEW#Conveniently located near Bryant Park, it's my go to poke spot for when I want something to eat while people watching and attending events 0in Bryant Park. The interior is clean but smaller than the other poke stores/chains I've been to. There's about 6 bar stools in the front of the store. The staff are always welcoming and happy to introduce the concept of poke to people who has never had it before. The menu options are pretty much the standard ones you'd find in any poke store but I wish they had zucchini noodles and different sized portions (like a snack size) too. The regular portion they have also actually feels smaller than a similarly priced option at other chains. They have a good drink selection by the register with fruit based juices like passion fruit & orange and lychee. They do have a water dispenser by the utensils in the front so that's a plus. Overall a solid poke place with friendly faces and a good selection of toppings.
#REVIEW#I have a poke addiction. And pokeworks does a good job feeding that addiction. This place gets pretty crowded at lunch so try to go during off peak hours if you don't want to wait in line.TIP: Check in with Yelp for a free bowl of miso soup. What's even cooler is that the miso soup comes out of a miso soup machine! Just press a button and the soup will come out. There is no limit to the number of toppings you can get, which makes me like Pokeworks so much. There are also so many options to keep even the pickiest eater happy. The quality is excellent too.
#REVIEW#Although I had an overall good experience the first time. The restaurant manager, Christopher,  reached out to me to come back and try Pokeworks again since something had felt off the first time. I can't say how happy I am to have come back. I built my own bowl and it was delicious ! All the toppings and protein were fresh! I really enjoyed my bowl, especially the kale noodles! I will definitely return again!
#REVIEW#I love poke. This was a great lunch. It's pretty crowded, but the line moves very quickly. Everything seemed fresh and service was quick.It was crowded, so you can't expect to always eat there. However it was raining when I was there so I squeezed into a counter seat.
#REVIEW#Lots of poke spots around town. I used to regular he one at urban outfitters but my gosh...This one is hands down the BEST. The number of reviews and pictures speaks for itself. It also has a longer line so don't expect it to be a quick stop. Worth the wait though...I also love that they ask how much sauce you want..tip: get the lotus chip!!
#REVIEW#Me and my sister walk miles and miles to find out best poke place in town is not the best ! Very dirty and legit like 2 seats to seat down ! All the silver wear was dirty and after I done eating my poke bowl in the end, I saw a Huge black HAIR I was discussed and almost threw up in my mouth ! Legit not worth it and don't trust the 4 stars believe me this place at least 2 stars ! Nasty !
#REVIEW#I always see a line outside the door.  I have been amazed at the amount of poke places here in New York but avoided them (why try, I live in Hawaii). Well, timing was right...no line and I was actually hungry.  It was all about choices (rice vs veggies, what type of protein, what mix-ins (i.e. cucumbers, tobiko, ginger), toppings (garlic, onions), sauce (I chose ponzu)). Turns out I enjoyed my poke bowl.  Would I come back?  Yup yup if I needed a rice poke fix. There are a lot to choose from but coming from Hawaii...I choose this one...kinda afraid to try any other).  It was so good I forgot to take a pic with the cover off .
#REVIEW#Poor service and bad food quality. Walked all the way there from Central Park wasn't worth it at all! I don't see how this place has so many good reviews. My experience was negative, poke was very plain and I didn't like it!
#REVIEW#This is one of the first Poke restaurant in NYC and the hype around this place when it first opened was unreal. While the hype has died down because there are poke restaurants everywhere in the city now, this place still delivers good poke. This place is in a densely populated area but its not too insanely busy during lunch hours if you want to come for lunch (I came around 2pm yesterday and was there was no one in there). The poke here is GOOD. Its still delicious as I've remembered. The girls that worked there gave me a healthy portion and didn't skim when I asked for every topping to be put into my bowl. For the area this is what you would pay anywhere else for lunch. Its about $12-$15 depending on the size you get. It's a lot for poke but thats what poke cost. This is a solid place and you won't regret coming. Solid fish and rice.
#REVIEW#Hawaiian poké they are not, but they did help to stoke the fire of the NYC poké craze in 2016. Like with BBQ, poké has many imitators, but the best is still found in its place of origin. Pokéworks is a popular choice in NYC though, with lines out the door and roped off, you'd think you were waiting to enter a club on the LES.I've only tried the ahi tuna and salmon, and both were good, but doesn't have the vibrant flavors and freshness like the real island stuff. They can also be stingy during the lunchtime rush. I prefer to create my own bowls, with a fish base and an array of toppings. You can pick add-ons like fried lotus chips, diced mango, masago, surimi salad, avocado, rice puffs, wakame, and the list goes on and on.Hawaiians are purists, using basic sauces to coat the freshest of fishes. A good shoyu or miso or spicy mayo sauce is all they need. In NYC, partly because of the quality of fish and partly because we're so extra, I've gotten used to a mountain of toppings to go with my bowl!
#REVIEW#I love the Pokeworks chain and have been to all of their locations in Manhattan over the past 3 years! This is actually my least favorite location-but one that I consistently frequent. The line can be very slow at times and the seating is very limited-5 bar stools at a skinny counter.Otherwise, the general chain is my #1 favorite poke choice. Much better than Poké Chan and Poké Bar in terms of sauce flavors and taste/quality of raw fish. They are also very generous if you ask for extra toppings and don't charge you for that.I've eaten at Pokeworks over 50 times (and redeemed many loyalty cards lol, which they've now moved to LevelUp) and never once have things tasted off or have I gotten sick from the raw fish.
#REVIEW#One of the many poke places that have opened up the past two years.  It's probably the biggest of the chains, but not my favorite.  For what you get, it's a bit pricey.  And the bowl always feels a bit "cold" to me.  Multiple times I've been here and the rice has been a bit too firm, which ruins the experience of this nice soft chewy bowl.The sauces are decent and the fish options seem fresh.  I do wish there were more interesting toppings available.The good thing about this location is that it is near Bryant Park so you can take your poke bowl to eat while you people watch in Bryant Park.My favorite poke place remains Red Poke.
#REVIEW#Pokeworks is a popular poke place in midtown. The poke is good. There is a decent selection of toppings and proteins, fair price, and house special bowls for ingredients if you want to try that. My biggest complaint with this place is that there is literally no place to sit. There is a tiny counter with 5 barstools to sit at. I would consider this place more of a take out lunch than anything else. In the winter if you're lucky enough to get a seat, you freeze when the door gets opened because the cold air just rushes in. Haven't been back here in a while because of the poor seating and ambiance. If you're looking for a quick takeout that's clean and has options, this is a good place. Otherwise, I'd try a different venue.
#REVIEW#Really no sushi rice for the second time at 3pm in the afternoon.  If I wasn't hungry and thinking about a poke bowl all day maybe I wouldn't write this review. But no sushi rice is unacceptable. I used to frequent here cause it was delicious. And went out of my way to have lunch there and was disappointed.  Also was disappointed the worker was laughing as if this is how the business is run.
#REVIEW#This locations line moves so much slower than everywhere else. It's faster to get on the subway and go down to USQ and come back. They ran out or rice in the middle of lunch rush (12:45) and let everyone continue to stand in line. How hard is it to make an announcement or put a sign on the door? We're all got limited time, a little kindness goes a long way. They were even charging extra for quinoa until the line prompted them to offer it at regular price to make up for no rice.
#REVIEW#Quick and healthy Poke in NYC. I arrived at just on the opening time (am 11) and there already are so many people in the store. The ingredients are all fresh and everything is fine except very very salty miso soup . Please put some water in your prefer. But interior is so small and noisy so I recommend take the food out.
#REVIEW#Okay Pokeworks. You grew on me. I got used to adding as much toppings as I want and the ingredients are better quality from before. There are also toppings that no other poke spots have.Customer service is superb as well!
#REVIEW#I work right around the area and love to come to Pokeworks every once in a while for lunch. The restaurant is tight and has a couple of high top seats but not ideal for large parties. The layout of the restaurant is assembly line styled. You're first asked what kind of base you would like - white rice, brown rice or salad. Next step, what type of protein - salmon, scallops, tuna, tofu, etc. Third, your choice of sauces and toppings. I love how big of a selection they have for the toppings such as seaweed salad, macadamia nuts, garlic crispiest, crab meat salad, avocado, edamame, mango, etc.
