#NAME#Eataly NYC Flatiron
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/eataly-nyc-flatiron-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,grocery,cafes#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Nice little rooftop in flatiron. Great location if you're in the area. Had a few appetizers and all were good. Thought the bruschetta would have tomatoes but it was still not bad. Would not order again. It was pretty packed, reservations are suggested. Lots of empty tables while we were waiting there has to be a better system.
#REVIEW#I'll admit, I was wary of Eataly being a food theme park and steered clear.  However, it was late...I'd just got to my hotel from JFK...and I wanted something easy.After beet and ricotta salad...soppressata pizzetta...mozzarella tomato focaccia...and a very nice Pinot Grigio...I'm a convert.  The food is fresh, light (as light as focaccia can be), and by NYC standards a pretty good deal.
#REVIEW#OH MYLANTA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't believe I forgot to review this place when I was in NYC!!!!  If you love Italian food this is your new happy place.  It is a combination of farmers market, grab n go sandwich shops and fine dining.  If you're looking for authentic Italian food, wines, just about anything you need short of the flight to Italy this is it.  Yeah I can probably say Italy more in this review.Walked in here for lunch with a coworker and we grabbed two panini's  One prime rib and one rotisserie chicken and split them.  Man that was the wrong way to go...... they were both equally delicious.  So now I'm stuck I can't order both for lunch I have to use to ole passive aggressive to get someone to join me.  Went there on a Friday and loaded up.  I mean loaded up a pound of parmesan Reggiano, two loaves of bread, 3 different fresh pastas LOL I must have looked like an immigrant coming to America never to return home and wanted the best of my homeland.  Got thru TSA yeah they looked at me as if I were a nut job.  Had a minor kerfuffle with the flight attendant at Delta.......crisis averted and then the payoff Saturday night a few friends over for the best damn meal we've cooked in a while.  Oh yeah I'll be back to Eataly sporting my stretchy pants, cash in fist and a new insulated bag for the flight home.  Buckle up Eataly I'm coming for ya!  You should to if in NYC by the flatiron building if you go there you'll have a great meal and not empty the wallet.
#REVIEW#I usually go to Eataly in WTC, but this is exactly same. It is a must visit for a gelato with perfect flavors and taste. It was very crowded on a Sunday afternoon and I expect the same during week as well.
#REVIEW#Is this still a "thing", going here? Look, the market is very impressive, sure the prices are high but it is quality items you can't find elsewhere, BUT is it really worth fighting the crowds and feeling like you're expensive sit-down dinner is in the middle of a mall food court? I don't get it - see pics attached for the 'crudo trio' which was not only tiny but bland and just about as expensive as a full sushi dinner. If you're a tourist - absolutely, go! I would just to check the box and say I went there, take a few pictures. But if you're a local, I'll assume you want to stay pretty far away unless you're picking up those few specialty items for an upcoming tapas and vino party at your place.
#REVIEW#Eataly is a bustling culmination of supermarket, bars and restaurants in one huge place. It can get quite busy, especially on the weekends. My sister and I were in the area for a pop-up shop and I decided to treat her to a birthday lunch during their restaurant week. We settled on La Pizza & La Pasta, where we had a great meal. I really wanted to dine at Il Pastaio, their fresh pasta bar, to try the Cacio e Pepe but since we had a stroller and baby in tow, that would not have worked.If not for the crowds, I was tempted to shop for some delicacies to bring home, like truffles and fresh produce but my angst got the better of me with so many people everywhere.The bathrooms aren't too bad. I was able change my daughter although I decided to just do so in her stroller because for some reason, the changing table is right by the doorway of the bathroom which is left open. There isn't much privacy with the men's bathroom right across. Very odd set up.I visited Eataly many years ago when they first opened and was just as in awe then as I was this particular visit.
#REVIEW#Came in with my boyfriend on our way to our anniversary dinner on a Saturday night. The weather wasn't great, but thankfully the train was close by. If you are claustrophobic, this is not the place for you. When we came in, it was pretty packed - walking around packed like sardines. We stopped by La Piazza and ordered wine & brussels' sprouts. It was a great way to start off our night. I do remember there were a bunch of high-top tables and it was first come, first serve seating. We browsed the kitchen tools, cook books, fresh pasta and fish, desserts and every goodie you can think of. It's definitely a bit on the pricier side, but it really is an experience here. There are so many shops within Eataly, it's impossible to check them all out in one visit. I definitely want to come back on a slower day and really get to check everything out.
#REVIEW#Pretty cool place with a lot of options. I was there to taste a couple of wines and tried to sit at the bar. I was told to move, because the bar had 34 seats that are used for customers who purchase meals...out of the other 32 seat....no one had a plate.Anywho, I ended up at a table top. The service was slow, but the server was super friendly. He made some great recommendations.The atmosphere was like being in the streets of NYC...CROWDED! Also, there's pizza, pasta, gelato and fresh eats available for purchase.
#REVIEW#Craving for a sweet dessert in a rainy day and immediately thought of Eataly!Got this tiramisu cake in the box for $13 and its like 6-8 times bigger than what other places sell for $6 or $7 dollars and seriously why not? It's tiramisu and I will always have another stomach for it!!HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO BUY THE BIGGER BOX (even if you cant finish eating on the spot!)
#REVIEW#I have been waiting to go to Eataly for a while now. I didn't realize it was a market of sorts. I guess I really didn't do my research. I was so pleasantly surprised the moment I stepped in, it's just beautiful. I can see how it could be confusing and a little overwhelming to people however. The signs are helpful to figure out where exactly you are and where you want to go. And thank good they have bathrooms. I ate at La Pizza & La Pasta, you gotta try the Spaghetto al Pomodoro and Quattro Formaggi! It's fantastic. We got a bottle of red wine for $48, it was great and such a steal. We made a reservation for 2:45pm on a Saturday, it was pretty packed. For dessert, we went to Il Gelato. It's about $5 for a tiny scoop of gelato but it is delicious. I also tried a tiny raspberry fruit tart from another counter which was also yummy! All in all, Eataly was impressive to me. I enjoyed the food, lunch was about $33 per person for 4 people. I honestly expected way more. Desserts are pricey.
#REVIEW#Love love love this concept! Market, cheese, pizza, make your own pasta, meats and beer?! Nothing like this in Rhode Island! We had pizza and a cheese  board. SOPRESSATA pizza was delicious. I am a big addix t so any cheese board with fig gets my vote! We ate under fake colorful vines. People breezed by and just felt like things were happening. I would suggest stopping here. Just beware, some places you sit you aren't supposed to bring other food into that area. We learned the hard way. We asked the 'unspoken rule' by a hostess and she read us down the wrong path.
#REVIEW#Not sure where I start with this location. It's so great I stopped by every day I was in NY for coffee, breakfast Paninis and lunch/ dinner pasta. If you're a lover of desserts, cheese, Italian meats, seafood or pasta this is your spot. Its maybe a lil overwhelming when you first walk in, but it's very easy to navigate around. Now this place is not cheap at all. Expect to spend around $15-30 per entree. It's well worth it. I went to il pastaio twice. We literally ordered all of the pastas. Telling you what to order is a diservice to this establishment. Everything was delicious. Cooked fresh right in front of you. I also stopped by the La pizza & la pasta. 1 whole pizza box of 4 Sicilian style type pizzas will set you back around $28. Well worth it to sample different types of pizzas. This location is kept really clean and you can always find a seat. Great place to do some grocery shopping or grab a quick bite. Nothing to complain about this place, but maybe expand to the DC metro area!!!
#REVIEW#After a long day of eating, we decided to stop here to ... you guessed it: eat some more! Uniquely named, the Eataly houses many food options and even a grocery store. I loved looking at the little snacks and all of the different stands. From Gelato to pasta to pizza, sandwiches, cannolis, there is a bite for everyone here! If you are here, you absolutely must try the CANNOLIS! They are made fresh in store, and you can pick the filling and the toppings. I loved each bite and I can only long for them now that I've left New York. The little pastries in the window are not as good, so I would suggest you stick to the Cannolis!!
#REVIEW#NOTE: This review is specifically for the bread at Eataly. There's so much to review but I felt like the bread situation deserved attention. No question, I was left disappointed. I've heard about this magical mother that the new head of the bakery brought over from Italy that changed the bread in the US Stores. I'm an avid bread baker myself and I could not wait to taste this magic! We got a rustic loaf and an olive loaf. Both over proofed! Not a little. Like a lot! Massively over proofed, crazy chewy, and you could tell from the internal structure that proofing was the problem. I hate that this was my experience. I hate it so much that I'm going to write to the Head Baker Erin Flinn. I wanted to be wow-ed, especially since it was such a cool story but unfortunately it all fell flat. The experience otherwise was nice. Hubby got gelato and we took a rest inside to watch the action. He loves Eataly and visited one during his brief residency in Italy. If I had an endless stomach I'm sure I would find something to enjoy.
#REVIEW#Ate at I Salumi I Formaggi. The place is self seating, which we didn't know. We found a seat by the the bar and was near to watch them make our food. Cheese and meats were amazing! It's a lot of food. Ordered the salad and flat bread, next time I won't get arugula since it's spicier. They have ice cream and build your own cannoli. This is basically like little Italy. Lots of things to buy too! From sweets to meats to cheese.
#REVIEW#This place blows. Over priced. Too many dang people. It's hot hot hot. The patio rooftop bar up too is over priced and hot hot hot unless it's the dead of the winter then no one is there and you can actually enjoy yourself. I get The glamour of the place. But not for me and feel you can get better experience and more Italian feel in Little Italy instead of this "Mini/Disney"
#REVIEW#Be careful when you pay your stuffs on this place... Unfortunately I have been recurrently charged with a higher price of Venezuela Venchi chocolate bars, which is shown as $7.90 but being wrongly charged as $10.90. They fix the price when I ask for but, once I am back, I face the "issue" again. More than 3 times. BE CAREFUL WITH YOUR MONEY on this place!
#REVIEW#5 stars for the food.2.5-3 stars for the gelato.Went to try pizza mainly (gotta thank the boys from Worth It Buzzfeed for the push.) I'm a big sausage fan so decided to order that. Friend got seafood pasta. The bread served with olive oil tasted absolutely delightful. The one thing I love about it all was how light and fresh it allll tasted. You could tell from the bread to the seafood how authentic everything was. The pizza was amazing. The sausage was remarkable and the bread was thin and light. The cheese also was great. The seafood pasta had a surprising but AMAZING kick to it. The scallops, shrimp & mussels all were so so fresh and the pasta itself tasted soooo good. I recommend everyone come eat something from here. Prices are very much worth it & are reasonable. Now about the gelato...I got the sea salt caramel & hazelnut flavors. Well priced. The gelato was stretchy and nice but the flavors were a little too strong for me. I felt like I was literally eating an actual hazelnut and actual caramel. I wish the flavors were a tad more subtle but otherwise it was light and tasted really good.
#REVIEW#This is quite possibly one of my favorite places in NYC. It is appropriately named... Eat and Italy... It feels like it is a mom and pops kinda place but found out there are other locations which is great because i can now visit it more in other cities. I loveeeddd it. And the food was really good and fresh.
#REVIEW#Nice area with a variety of food shops, restaurants.We visited it as part of a food tour of the area, and sample a few items.A Pastry-Bakery area where we sample a couple of fruit pastries, both very good.Also we sample a sliver of Pizza. Theses samples here were good although minis.The markets are remarkable although on the pricey side.A rooftop restaurant that changes with the Seasons is worth visiting. Reservations recommended.Come with an empty stomach so one can sample several areas of food and desserts, drinks.
