#NAME#Patzeria Family & Friends
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/patzeria-family-and-friends-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,pizza,salad#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place is off the main strip of 8th, but not too hard to find. The service was fantastic and the prices were great. Be careful with the pizza sizes, the larger format is seriously big. The personal size pizza is just right for 1 person, and the pasta sizes are a good portion also. Not so much that you need to take it away, but just enough so you're satisfied.A great atmosphere and really friendly environment. The wait staff were exceptionally attentive to the table and ensured everything was to our liking.Great prices also, very good value for the quality.Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#White sangria-expensive. Like $9 for a glass filled with fruit so barely any sangria. But delicious. Pizza-one of the best I've had in nyc... top 3 out of the 6 places I've tried Spaghetti-good. Nothing special about it Lasagna-amazing. Some of the best I've ever had even though I'm not a huge fanMy daughter had the fat noodles with a creamy white cheesy sauce that I seriously wanted to steal and eat all of. I dipped my pizza in it. I dipped my bread in it. and stole quite a few bites. Seriously best fish we had there I think the bill was less than $100. Def would go back.
#REVIEW#The pasta was excellent. My friend ordered spaghetti with olive oil and garlic (not on the menu) and my kids got spaghetti with meatballs. Both were great. Pasta servings are large enough that kids can split. The caprese salad was bland and came with Italian dressing (we had to ask for balsamic). The pizza was just okay but the serving was large.
#REVIEW#This is for delivery. Ordered the chicken parm with penne and the garlic knots. My order arrived faster than expected which is amazing! Everything was packed very neatly. Everything arrived hot. There was some of their garlic bread which was good. They also sent some extra parm and red pepper flakes (which I love!). The chicken was a little on the dry side but a great portion and great flavor! Lots of cheesy goodness! The marinara was fresh and tasted great! Not acidic. The garlic knots had fresh garlic and good mix of herbs. Would love more garlic throughout or smaller garlic knots; I've had better. I would definitely order the chicken parm again! The penne was cooked perfect too. Prices aren't bad. Great portions. Very happy with Patzeria!!
#REVIEW#Best clam linguini in white sauce! Best mushroom soup! Great service. Will definitely be back
#REVIEW#I love italian restaurant and it's always my first choice.I love pizza I love pasta.Saturday evening, My significant other and I chose to go this restaurant.  and it was the perfect choice to go Patzeria!! I strongly recommend If you like to go that pace you should make a reservation before you go. otherwise you may need to wait little longer. We had a reservation so we didn't need to wait too long.So, as a starter I had small house salad which was so fresh and delicious salad dressing. cutting of the vegetables freshness of tomatoes was so great. I still could smell the tomatoes. As a entree, I got rigatoni bolognese it was well sauced and lots of beef was on that. definitely it was a perfect choice of the evening.  As a triple chocolate mousse cake. Normally, chocolate cake can be very strong, but this one you may not want to finish. it was so delicious.probably I may have a few chocolate cake as a full meal. I love that!!!Thank you Patzeria
#REVIEW#Needed a spot before a show and Patzeria did the trick, though it took a while to get our food after we ordered and everything arrived at the same time, which was kind of annoying. The Caesar salad, portobello ravioli (believe that was a special) and eggplant parmesan were all great, and more than enough for three people. The parm came with penne, which was awesome. Carrot cake for dessert was decent. I'd say Patzeria is a solid 3.5; would have been a 4 except for the slow service.
#REVIEW#Everything was great. We were able to make a last second reservation. Got the pizza, Mozzarella Sticks, and salads. Also for a kids spaghetti and meatballs. Only complaint is the mozzarella sticks were not homemade. I got the idea the dressing wasn't either. This place seems like it should have homemade everything. Otherwise pizza was great and value is good.
#REVIEW#Wonderful restaurant with fast prompt service. The prices are very affordable, especially for NYC. The best part is the location, it's just far enough away from the Times Square rat race but close enough to walk to a broadway show. The lasagna was delightful and large portion size. The veal parm was average but the accompanying noodles were cooked perfectly. Great wine selection too!
#REVIEW#This is a great spot to grab dinner before a show in the surrounding Broadway theaters. The atmosphere is casual and the menu unpretentious. Just simple Italian classics with homemade marina. I got the spaghetti and meatballs and my husband got the sausage and broccoli rabe pasta. The portions were generous by NYC standards. Both were good and hit the spot after walking around the city.
#REVIEW#We came here 4 years ago and liked the chocolate cake, so we decided to stop by again when we were in town. We made reservations for 8:00 pm and we were seated immediately upon arrival. We ordered two salads, 2 clam linguine, one with gluten-free pasta, a eggplant parmigiana, and a spaghetti and meatballs. For dessert we got two chocolate cakes. Pros on service:We were seated promptlyStaff was friendly and attentive when we were at Got all of our orders rightCons on service:Took them a while to give us the lemon and straws for our waterSeemed unfriendly when we called for reservations Pros on food: Everything was delicious!! I loved the clam linguine and the chocolate cake especially!! The food came out hot and everything was flavorful. All the pastas were cooked perfectly, even the gluten-free ones. The chocolate cake was rich and decadent and definitely a must if you are a choco holic. It's worth every single calorie!Cons on food: salads were nothing special Just lettuce and dressingOverall, this place is definitely worth a visit. We will be coming back to this place for sure the next time we are in NYC.
#REVIEW#Amazing pizza, drinks and service! Not too casual and not too fancy. Just right. Thank you, Patzeria, for a wonderful night!
#REVIEW#My friend and I researched Yelp to find a good Italian restaurant in the area to follow a broadway show. We discovered this restaurant and its great reviews, however, we were not at all impressed. We were seated immediately, which is why I did not give less than three stars because we were starving. Nevertheless, we were seated between two tables, squished. I was being elbowed by the lady behind me... my friend and I looked at each other with unhappy faces. We asked to be moved since the restaurant was pretty empty and after 15 minutes they moved us luckily. It is decorated nicely; there are signed broadway show posters hung around the restaurant, which was really cool to see. They gave us three small pieces of bread and they were gone in 2 minutes, we wish they noticed and offered us more. I ordered the eggplant parmigiana (I have high hopes considering its my favorite italian dish) and my friend ordered cheese raviolis. Although I ate all of my food, I definitely was NOT impressed with the eggplant parm. The eggplant was heavily breaded and at times hard to cut. The side vegetables were soft and good though. My friend enjoyed her raviolis at least. I will probably not be returning to this restaurant... it was good but I'm sure there are others in the area that are worth the price of the meal.
#REVIEW#Excellent food and service! We had the lobster ravioli and the the pasta primavera. Save room for desert and more beer!
#REVIEW#When in NY eat Pizza...and try not to eat at the same place more than twice or you'll never get to continue the search for the best pizza in town...well...i may be eating here more than twice. --prices were very reasonable (considering it's NY and pretty close to Times Square)--service was 5 star! I would describe this place as a 5 star restaurant yet casual atmosphere.--wine selection was ok (nothing fabulous but good enough)--pizza was delicious! (we had the lasagna pizza)--Caesar salad was fine--caprese was a good size, but i wouldn't order it again. no balsamic reduction.  the tomato's were just ok in flavor, the cheese was goodthe place is tight! make a reservations...if you can't get one...just show up...you will get a table (eventually)see you soon Patzeria! I gave the delivery menu to my local friends and they are excited to try this place outBTW...there is a quick service Patzeria up the street...if you just want a slice to go
#REVIEW#Im trying to be nice by giving them 2 stars. This place was not good. My family was shocked how it received such rave Yelp reviews and really ...well, sucked so bad.We ordered an antipasto to start, it tasted like it had been in the refrigerator for a week it had a few pieces of rotten lettuce on the plate too and literally it had the cheap Wishbone salad dressing.What self respecting Italian restaurant does not make their own salad dressing but buys the cheapest crap they can get their hands on?The table had a pizza, chicken parm and two chicken marsala. Not one person liked any of their dishes. The ingredients were cheap.  The cheese was tastless.  it was really bad.
#REVIEW#This is a hidden gem of Times Square. It is quick, delicious and was very accommodating to a member of my party's dietary needs. The service was impeccable, there was always a staff member ready to help. Members of my party ate the chicken parmigiana, lasagna and personal pizza and we all left raving and satisfied. While the place may seem small, the atmosphere was very authentic and complete with a full bar. The portions were satisfying and the prices were very responsible for this area and quality. I will be visiting next time I am in the area!
#REVIEW#Second time coming here and wow just as great as the first. We split a personal pie to start and garlic knots. Their marinara sauce - I wish they made it that you can buy and take home! For dinner i had the Patzeria sauce. All I have to say is you have to try It, it's so amazing. My boyfriend got the steak and he said It was cooked great. The owner Joe came around and asked if we enjoyed our meal. really great atmosphere and love coming here around the holidays. Can't wait to go back next year!  We would come here more often if only we lived closer to the city! Can't wait to come back!
#REVIEW#Loved this place. Great service and food. My husband loved their pizza. Would have given it 5 stars but the veal parmigiana was over cooked. The rest of the pasta dishes where great.
#REVIEW#Great Italian food in Midtown. Our group of 4 came early for dinner around 5:30pm on a Saturday, and we were seated right away. Timing was perfect, as the place filled up minutes later, so in the future, I would make a reservation. Super convenient if you're seeing a Broadway show later in the evening. One of the main walls is even decorated with signed Broadway posters.I opted for one of their specials - Linguine de la Casa, with creamy sauce, sundried tomatoes, fresh asparagus, and a hearty helping of fresh crab meat. The parsley-sprinkled plate rim made it feel nostalgic and old school chic. The mozzarella stick appetizers are a must, and the bread served with dinner was super garlicky. The Eggplant Parmesan tasted homemade, and the juxtaposition of warm, creamy inside went nicely with a bready crunch outside.
