#NAME#Club A Steakhouse
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/club-a-steakhouse-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Another incredible NYC steakhouse dinner, Club A was fantastic.  I learned after the fact that I had, in fact, been to Club A a number of years ago, but while I was in here two weeks ago, I had a slight feeling of deja vu without knowing exactly why.This time around, we went with the Porterhouse for Four, along with a bunch of sides:  the big slices of bacon, the calamari, the mushrooms, the charred broccoli, the whipped baked potato, and the "free" dessert platter.  (Strangely, I wanted more dessert for myself, but then Club A just brought three desserts out for our group of five to try, so I couldn't justify ordering EXTRA dessert after this happened.)The server was fine--not an award-winner, but that just strikes me as very New York--and the too-dark decor and setting were also just in the fine category, but if you love the color red, you will love that part of the experience.  But working with the staff up front and online to book a spot was very easy, and the prices were, shockingly so, comparable to other steakhouses I have done around the world.  With tax and the required 20% gratuity, we paid $102/person...very reasonable for a meal of this quality.On to more steakhouses!
#REVIEW#This is the real deal Steakhouse in New York. Our waiter Nick was exceptional in New York City.We started out with a seafood tower which was crab lobster and shrimp. By the way that is exactly what everyone wants on their seafood platter but you never get it. So many places try to give you oysters or muscles or other ancillary things when all you want are the three big crustaceans. That's what we got and everything was perfect.We then ordered the bacon which was thick cut applewood smoked with a dipping sauce. Absolutely delicious. And then the prime ribeye  steak for two came. Sliced and cooked perfectly medium rare.We had sides of a baked potato and creamed spinach which were delicious. We were so full and then they came with a beautiful dessert on the house. Just a lovely experience in New York and what you want an intimate beautiful dinner on a Saturday night to be. Please come and enjoy. It's everything you want New York to be.
#REVIEW#Club A is definitely one of the nicest steakhouses I have ever been to. Although a reservation was made for a Monday night at 6pm, it was not really needed since the restaurant was not super packed. We were a little late, but of course, we were still immediately seated. The service here was amazing. Our waiter was helpful, polite, and attentive. Right as we were seated and ordered our food, a basket of bread with a side of butter came to our table already. That was perfect because I was pretty hungry at that time so it helped calm my stomach a little. We ordered the calamari as our appetizer and it was quite delicious! It was crispy and tasty. With the side of spicy marinara sauce, it gave just a nice kick to your typical calamari. After our appetizer, we were surprised with a mushroom ravioli, which was on the house. I never had mushroom ravioli, so I don't have much to compare to, but it still tasted delicious. Later, our main entrees finally came. We ordered the 16 oz filet mignon and the rib eye steak, which were both cooked medium rare. I thought the filet mignon tasted great; it had some flavor to it and it was cooked very nicely where the meat was still soft and tender. However, I was not too big of a fan of the rib eye. I felt like there wasn't enough flavor and the charred layer made it a little bitter and dry. After our meal, they surprised us again with a plate of desserts, again, on the house. There was a slice of tiramisu, cheesecake, and cake pops. That was a nice touch to the end of the meal. Although the rib eye was not quite a hit to me, everything else was amazing. Our waiter was great and the complimentary dishes made it even better. Overall, this place is definitely worth trying.
#REVIEW#If I could I would give it a 5+ star.. Not only was the food amazing, the service was above and beyond our expectations. It's hard to find a place like this in the heart of nyc. I would totally recommend this place hands down. It's super romantic, classic and yet traditionally cozy.The server recommended we sit on the second floor facing the windows because it had good views to celebrate our anniversary. Upstairs, we were greeted by our servers with prompt and were shown our seating. They were attentive and we never even had to flag anyone down. Our server made sure our glasses were always filled and we were satisfied. I wanted my steak medium while my husband wanted it more rare. So when the food came, the server noticed my reaction to how pink my meat was and took a couple pieces down for me so that my meat was grilled for a few minutes and brought it back to exactly how I wanted it. It was excellent service!! We also got a complimentary mini appetizer one piece of really delicious ravioli (I really wish they had that on the menu as a meal)To top it off, they provided THREE complimentary desserts (cream balls, cheese cake and tiramisu) with happy anniversary written on it. They let us blow the cake and even printed out a pic for us. The owner came chit chatted with us and signed our card. It felt super personal and we loved every minute in there. I would go there again just to experience that kind of service. Keep it up! No wonder theres so many reviews!!! IG eatsumbap
#REVIEW#Exceptional steakhouse. Probably my favorite place for a ribeye and will now join my permanent rotation. Nice ambiance and the live jazz was a pleasant surprise. Service was outstanding as well.
#REVIEW#One of the best steakhouses we've been to...my husband and I came here for our anniversary and it was a wonderful experience. The staff is so great that they kept us entertained the whole time, except when we were savoring the delicious filet (for me) and the amazing rib eye (my husband).The owner was extremely attentive and caring. Felt us feel at home. Mishko, our server, was very polite but with a great sense of humor. Everybody else was also very welcoming and pleasant. Loved the experience.
#REVIEW#What a great place! Steaks were amount the best we had: porterhouse, their special NY Strip, and the Ribeye.  My personal favorite was the filet on the porterhouse, but each steak was delicious and extremely well seasoned.  Our server, Nick, made recommendations as to the steaks and was very good.  Drinks were well made. Only criticism was the broccoli side dish was over cooked, although others seemed to enjoy it.  The other sides: excellent creamed spinach and good fries.  The owner stopped by our table (and seemed to make a point of visiting every table at least a couple of times). It is clear they do things well; hopefully, they will keep doing so.  We will be back.
#REVIEW#We are in NYC, staying Manhattan for our 10th anniversary. I did some research on good steakhouses in the city and got the usual suspects. Keens, Smith &Wolensky, etc. I decided to go to yelp for some help. Scrolling through I found Club A. It had higher reviews than all the others. And not like 100 reviews. Over 2000. Then reading the reviews it was an easy choice. So I made the reservation to celebrate our anniversary. It turned out to be a great decision. From the moment we walked in we loved it. From the lighted tree out front to the immediate ambience when you walk in. The music takes you back to a simpler time when you enjoyed a good steak and great company. And people served you because they enjoyed it. Downstairs is more of the social scene, with the classic bar right there as you walk in. The wood is weathered and almost tells you the stories of the people that have sat there. It's comforting and beckons you to sot, have a drink and take to strangers. But, we didn't get the chance. We were seated almost immediately. But, it was upstairs. As we walked upstairs it was almost like being led into the past. I expected to see Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. sitting down enjoying a cocktail and having fun. The ceiling is red velvet, diamond shaped with some slight decoration. Not gaudy at all, even the small chandeliers were classy. We were seated in front of floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the lighted tree and 58th St. It was beautiful scenery. The menus even had Happy Anniversary printed on top. That was the first sign of the excellent service we were to enjoy. Our servers name was Mario and he was very attentive. We had multiple drinks. The dirty martinis we ordered were smooth and very balanced. Not too much alcohol, not to o much vermouth. Well done. Before I get to the food, I have to give a shout out to our neighbors. Freddie and Stephanie are NYC born and bred and celebrating their 1st anniversary. On our other side were a couple from Toronto visiting NY for the first time and celebrating their 20th Anniversary. Not sure if they planned that, but it was fun. Ok, now the important thing. The food. We started off with the oysters and lobster bisque. The oysters were fresh and creamy tasting. They came with all the usual sides. The lobster bisque was excellent. It was creamy,but not too heavy. It had a lightness to it that complimented the lobster chunks very nicely. It was very tasty. I used the bread they served to get as much out of the bowl as I could. We both got steaks as our main course. I got the petit filet mignon and my wife got the ribeye. We shared the sides, sautéed mushrooms and sautéed spinach. My wife loved her ribeye. She said it was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. Now, I'm gonna be honest and say my filet was a little overcooked for the medium temp I ordered. There was hardly any pink in it. But, with that said it was still tender and flavorful. Just not perfect for my taste. The mushrooms were still firm and not soggy. And the sautéed spinach was done very well also. Good job on those! They brought out complimentary dessert and it topped off and an amazing meal and amazing service. They took a picture for our anniversary and gave us a complimentary picture. I can honestly say that Club A by far has the best service I have ever experienced from any restaurant. They are a real class act. As we were walking out, one of the managers told us "happy anniversary" and asked us how our experience was. He knew us and why we were there and even spoke with my mother in law to make sure we had a great experience! Once again, a class act and a classy place. Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#After reading all the mixed reviews, was excited, albeit a little apprehensive about celebrating a friend's birthday here. Had a reservation for 7pm Wednesday night. We were an hour late, so finally sat down at 8, on the second floor. There's a lot of open seating Wednesday night so don't be afraid if you're running late. You cannot reserve a table on the second floor. If you're lucky, when you come in, ask for a table upstairs and you'll be seated there. Recommend the second floor, where you'll be able to enjoy a quieter and more intimate experience along with pretty window views of the decorated streets. The first floor is nice as well, just louder and more crowded, since it's closer to the bar. The ambiance is festive and upscale. Red, white and black color scene. Live roses and candles on the tables. Red satin booths. Winter Holiday décor all over the premises. Classy music (Sinatra) on the background. Relaxing and cozy. Dress up. This is a suitable place for any kind of celebration.The service is superb. The highlight of our experience. The waiting staff are courteous and friendly. The owner walks around to check on every table, making sure everything is well. Albanian, in his 60's, he's very attentive and conscientious about the restaurant, always out and about checking on everyone and everything. At the end of your meal, you'll be photographed and receive a complementary print photo, one per your party, to commemorate the occasion. The owner personally signs and handles you your photo. Makes every customer feel valued and a priority. A good example to other establishments out there. Every table around, us including, got complementary mushroom ravioli. Every person gets an individual plate with one huge ravioli. A nice touch. Really delicious. Very meaty and rich mushroom filling. Fragrant white sauce with sage and rosemary. Wish I could eat an entire plate of these!After our meal, we got a complementary dessert plate with a lighted candle for the birthday boy. Super sweet touch! A piece of tiramisu, a piece of chocolate mousse, cream puffs, and canollis. A huge plate that fed our party of four! Very appreciative of it. The chocolate mousse was a favorite. Very smooth, light, delicate, not too sweet, just a perfect concluding note to our dinner. Tiramisu was dry and bland. Too little mascarpone cream in proportion to dry lady fingers, which weren't drenched in liquor, coffee, or any kind of syrup. Cream puffs weren't the best either--crunchy shell, but not enough of the stale whipped cream. The canollis were tasty, nothing additional to comment on. Now to what we actually paid for. The food is average, not the best I've ever had. Well prepared, but just not the best you can find in NYC.Complementary bread basket was fresh, crispy and delicious. Natural butter tasted great. Fried calamari ($16) were simple, well cooked, the batter wasn't too hard. The calamari themselves were a bit chewy and the tiny portion was definitely not worth $16. Lobster bisque ($14) was disappointing. Sweetish broth. Contained exactly one lonesome, tiny piece of lobster. Forgettable at best. Skip. Royal Platter ($31 per person) was mediocre. Cold crab leg, shrimp with cocktail sauce, half a tiny lobster tail. Definitely overpriced and not worth it. Skip. Fillet mignon ($44 for 10 oz. $51 for 16 oz.) was delicious. Perfect seasoning, crunchy exterior, soft, delicate interior. Enjoyed thoroughly and would return for this steak. NY strip ($51) was tasty and perfectly prepared. Everyone at our table was very satisfied with their steaks.We asked for steak sauces, and the waiter brought a platter consisting of three house made sauces: au poivre, peppercorn, and bordelaise. Make sure you ask! They really do complement the steaks nicely. My favorite was the peppercorn. Sage & rosemary Fries ($10) were the biggest letdown. Was super excited but we got unlucky and got cold, stale, tasteless, frozen, pre-cut supermarket variety. No one tasted sage or anything. Such a disappointment, this reminded me of a cardboard. Creamed spinach ($10) was the best side we tasted. Creamy, sweet, tender. Definitely get this. The only downside was the portion size. Could've been more substantial. Charred broccoli ($10) and asparagus ($12) were a pleasant tasty surprise and worth  a try. Flavorful and well cooked. Again, the portion size could've been bigger.Wasn't a fan of the cocktails we tried. Mojitos, old fashioned, buck, and grandaddy all tasted watery and sweeter than they should. The check came out to $440 for four people. Plus tip, you're looking at over $500. Overall, prepare to splurge, as with any steak house. A solid experience that we enjoyed but not necessarily the best we've had. Would not return for the food, but definitely will remember the superior service.
#REVIEW#A couple of friends and I came to Club A Steakhouse for our restaurant week tradition. Out of all the steakhouses participating, Club A had the best options for the $42 3-course meal. Our group of 6 were seated upstairs near the window, a nice and quiet atmosphere with music that fits the scene. We each ordered different appetizers so that we can sample multiple offerings. We were able to try the Steak Tartare, Club A bacon, and the Calamari. The Steak Tartare was amazing. I was skeptical when they first brought it to the table because they served it with basic potato chips, but the meat with the egg yolk was nothing short of amazing. The slab of bacon was good, the texture wasn't the best as it was a tad rubbery (not sure of the word to use) but the flavors were great. The Calamari was nothing special, tasted like your average calamari and wasn't as crispy as I would've liked. For Entrees, 5/6 people got the Filet Mignon and the 6th person got the Hangar steak. For the sides, we got the Mac and Cheese, Cream Spinach, and mashed potatoes. The Filet Mignon was cooked exactly to my liking, it didn't have an overwhelming flavor, but Filet is Filet. The hangar steak was a bit more flavorful as it had a peppercorn sauce that was very good. As for the sides, the cream spinach was the best cream spinach that I have ever had, hands down. So good. The Mac and Cheese was also very good and would definitely recommend getting both!For Dessert, the majority of us got the Cheesecake but we were able to try the Profiteroles and the Tiramisu. I have to say, the dessert was kind of a let down. The cheesecake wasn't the best cheesecake I've had, the texture wasn't as smooth and the flavor was lacking. The Profiteroles were just little pastries with filling and the Tiramisu wasn't anything to write home about. With that being said, we did not come here for dessert, we came for steak.After reading the reviews prior to coming here, people were raving about the service being outstanding. We came here with the expectation to be blown away and left feeling a little let down. Our waiter was good, but nothing that went above and beyond. Also, it took quite a while for our appetizers and steak to be served, so it was a bit slow. This review should be a 3.5/5 but I rounded up because of how good the Steak Tartare, creamed spinach, and Mac & Cheese were.
#REVIEW#The overall experience & food here is great! My girlfriend & I have had the pleasure of going to this restaurant for now maybe around the 7th time and each experience is great & unique in its own way.The food is always delicious!Irfan did an amazing job at making sure we were well taken care of from start to finish. He was so nice & attentive to our every need.We're definitely looking forward to returning again soon- Highly recommended!
#REVIEW#Love this place! I made a reservation here for my boyfriend's birthday a few months back. Upon arrival, we were seated right away. Couldn't have gotten a better spot. We were seated upstairs in the corner so we had a bit more privacy. The interior is so classy and romantic. The vibes here were truly wonderful. Everyone was so relaxed. The service was impeccable. The waiter was very informative and always eager to help. Both of us ordered steaks, of course. They were cooked exactly how we had asked for them to be prepared. We ordered mac and cheese and mashed potatoes as our sides. Mashed potatoes were good, super creamy. The Mac and cheese was incredible! One of the best I've had. Super cheesy, crispy on the top. Ugh, if only I could eat that everyday. They brought out a complimentary dessert plate which had cream puffs, tiramisu and a chocolate mousse cake. So sweet of them to do for my boyfriend's birthday! At the end of the night, we got our photo taken by one of the hostesses and were given a copy to take home with a letter from the business which was a great touch. We also got to talk to the owner--he was walking around talking to his guests and thanking them. He stopped at every table. It is a pleasure knowing that the people who run this place truly care about the guest experience and appreciate the patronage. We will be back for sure!
#REVIEW#Just a great dining experience!First of all, live jazz, and those dudes were lighting it up.Food was fantastic, steak cooked perfectly, sides amazing. Everything was tasty without being super heavy. Something that really stood out to me: sometimes steakhouses are snobby that's really offputting. The service here was exemplary, classy and super friendly and attentive. Loved it!
#REVIEW#Dined here for the first time last week--as a late birthday celebration. Service was wonderful, and I received several warm wishes, a "Happy Birthday" heading on the menu, and complimentary desserts.Most importantly, my filet was excellent, as were the side dishes and my cocktails. We even received complimentary mushroom ravioli, which was tasty and nicely prepared. I've been to a number of world class steakhouses, and Club A compares really favorably, especially when you add in the warm and attentive service. Will certainly return!
#REVIEW#Amazing flavor! Amazing Amazing Amazing! When you visit Club A, the porterhouse steak is the go to. They charge by the amount for the number of people. We had a party of 4, but the amount of steak for 3 was enough to fill us up! Of course, 2 of the 4 were my parents. If it was my other siblings who enjoy food like I do, we'd have ordered the portion for 5. Definitely worth the value and one of the restaurants I will go to every time I visit NYC. For those who like their steak medium well and after, I recommend trying it medium, or medium rare if you're feeling adventurous, you will learn to appreciate steak, dry-aged steak on a whole new level!
#REVIEW#Came here for restaurant week on a cold night. The interior decor was vintage and had a very cozy feeling. We got seated quickly. Only complaint is that the seats are a bit tight so on a cold night, you'd probably check your coats.For appetizer, I got the thick bacon. Came out in a timely manner. The bacon while delicious, was very salty. Bacon by itself is normally salty so I felt there wasn't a need to douse it with extra salt but still tasty regardless.The entree was their 10oz filet mignon. It was quite a thick piece that was cooked as asked (medium rare). The steak was pretty tender, but the taste was standard. Having been to other steakhouses (212, Peter lugers etc), something about their steak usually stands out from steak you can get at a dinner. I was slightly let down by the steak here as nothing stood out to make me go "wow". For dessert, I got the cream puffs. Tasted a bit weird, and not as sweet as I thought.All in all, worth a try on restaurant week but for full price, I would probably go elsewhere for better steak.
#REVIEW#Great find the service was impeccable! Management came by numerous times to ensure we were happy & to ask if we needed anything. The filet was cooked to perfection the mash potatoes were the smoothest velvety I had ever had, simple flavor but perfect! I've been to Keens which is great too but the service here was much more attention to detail. The complementary mushroom ravioli was amazing the desserts perfect. I can go on & on..... thank you for a wonderful meal
#REVIEW#The food especially the steak was perfect!!  I ordered the fillet minon (medium rare) as well as the mushrooms and creamy spinach side.  Not only was the food amazing but the staff, from the hostess, to the wait staff, to the manager were amazing! Any second you may need them for anything they were already there anticpating what you may ask for, or need, and already had it or did it.  It literally felt like we where the only table in the resturant although it was packed because of how awesome the service was. We ordered a bottle of wine and a bottle of water with dinner and I never had to once pour/refill my own glass of either. The ambiance was super cozy and the decor very tasteful and clean. Everything in the steak house from the decor with the rich red colors, to the very cozy fire place near the room where they take your coats,  made me feel like I was in a hunting lodge or a beautiful dinning room. The lighting was perfect as well with the decor and had a warm yellowish glow, that I personally feel made the food taste better and the evening even more relaxing and enjoyable. Last but not least the espresso and cappuccino, as well as the two desserts, we shared, the Tiramisu and Cheese cake, were a wonderful way to end the evening.  The espresso was a perfect pull and I did not even need sugar it tasted so good and paired the tiramisu perfectly.I can say when I arrived at Club A I was tired and exhausted from my work week but left feeling reenergized and happy. I was so happy with the food I need to say it again! The service also was so wonderful.... I left thinking in my mind "What is the soonest day I can get back? Monday too soon? I am craving the steak, the mushrooms and the espresso already!!!
#REVIEW#We decided to give this pace a try during the winter restaurant week once we arrived we were seated right away, upstairs nice area. Drinks we went with a nice bottle of Red suggested by our waiter , good wine went well with the food. To start u have a nice small bread basket w a nice selection of bread, really good better of course better w butter. To start we had the Garden salad very good but it was in desperate need of some dressing it had very little practically dry, good parm cheese.  The Calamari was delicious lightly battered nice dipping sauce. Main course we had the Filet Mignon & the Mushroom raviolis , great tasting piece of meet cooked perfectly with good amount of flavor the raviolis were great as well very nice light cream sauce. On the sides the Mac & cheese was OMGGGG wow! So good dripping in cheese great taste to it , the Truffle garlic fries were great as well nice taste nice & crispy. Nice looking restaurant , two floor of seating with a bar below. Service was good at a decent pace we liked the fact that we didn't feel rush, good price because of restaurant week but checking the menu on its own looks normal to city prices. We enjoyed our meal worth the try.
#REVIEW#Love this steakhouse. My girlfriend surprised me for my birthday dinner and I got the ribeye bone in steak. SO GOOD! The staff even gave us a complimentary dessert and gave us a photo as a keepsake. Big S/O to Club A. Manager is good dude.
