#NAME#Yakitori Taisho
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/yakitori-taisho-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#A good place for late night snack/food. Had the Japanese streetfood/bar feel. A little bit cramped inside, but had the cosiness. The place wouldn't be good for big groups, probably max of 5. But I is also a good place for solo eaters.Went here at midnight, and we were seated immediately. The server was very attentive to us, he also suggested us drinks that we found very good. We ordered the Calpico-Soju, Tamago, and Chicken (Tori) Yakitori. Like most asian places, these plates could be shared amongst (2-3) people. Our bill came up to a total of ~$33 ($16.5 split between 2 people).The tamago was sliced thickly. It didn't have the usual sweet taste that I've been used to, but the tamago's texture and taste were something that would make you want to bite more into it. Kind of like a taste of home cooked omelette. The tori yakitori was plentiful to share. The sauce wasn't too sweet. Overall, the food and drinks' taste-wise is good. The size are shareable between 2 people. The price set per item in the menu is affordable. And the service was good.Would definitely come back here for late night food trips!
#REVIEW#Taisho is a four-star operation with a fifth star bonus for staying open late.  We came here at 1:10 am and even though they close at 1:30 am, the staff gladly seated us without any grumbling.   On this late night snack run, we ordered the grilled calamari, grilled chicken thigh, and yakitori Set A.  Everything was perfect grilled with the exception of the meatballs which were charred on one side but with enough sake, no one noticed...  The "Yakitori" in its name is a bit misleading because Yakitori Taisho boasts a crazy menu that serves literally every Japanese dish you can imagine, ranging from ramen to sushi to stir fry.  So if you are craving for Japanese food but can't decide what to get, go to Yakitori Taisho to get your full.
#REVIEW#Like it's good but not that good. Kind of like post-grad life. Like adult life is good but not that good.Prices aren't bad. Food isn't bad. Everything is okay. The ramen is okay. Yakitori is okay. My stomach getting bigger eating out everyday, not okay.
#REVIEW#Came with my smallgroup, but jk actually 10 people! They fit us in the back pretty tight lol. Food: pre good , the eel was my fav. Didn't like ginger in the salmon noodles. The takoyaki was decent too! Service: was pre quick got seated in 5 min. They didn't tell us there is a $10 min for each person before we sat down tho.Price: shared 3 dish was about $13 including tip tax . Avg for nycFood was pre avg beside the eel don buri.Would come back for the skewers! The beef ball was the best IMO.
#REVIEW#A decent spot in Saint Mark's for Yakitori. They have many other entrees on their menu as well with ramen, bento boxes, noodle dishes and tons of small items. The inside is very small and they try to squeeze everyone in a small table so it can be pretty uncomfortable. Their bento boxes come with a lot of items like potato salad, salad, spaghetti, rice and miso soup. There's also an item called tonkotsu chazuke that has rice in a pork broth soup with pieces of sliced pork. It's like ramen except with rice instead of ramen noodles, which was unique. The Yakitori is good and a great snack paired with drinks. The small sake is very small and only about 3 shots. They also have good appetizer items that I recommend trying too! Most of their foods come in small portions and are well paired with drinks. Overall it's a decent spot for food and drinks. Mainly just to chill. But it's not that comfortable if you want more space.
#REVIEW#Definitely on its decline. I was here a few years ago and the grilled skewers were much better. They seem to keep a reasonable price though and portions are pretty big for most dishes. The agedashi tofu was pretty good. But many of the skewers were under-cooked, well, raw beef is fine but raw chicken chunks? I don't think that's ok. Chicken gizzard and heart were over-cooked and bland. Even my favorite chicken skin was not very good. Well, I think it is still a good place to come for late-night food, but not a great place for yakitori lovers any more.
#REVIEW#Nice little place for late night snack. NOTE: minimum order is $30.      We decided chicken chunk, chicken heart, chicken skin, beef meatball, beef you get, beef,quail egg, asparagus bacon, squid leg, bacon with scallop and one order of tomago. We all agree that the Beff Meatball  is the best. I also like the squid legs and beef tongue. The rest are decent. The tamago are soft and fluffy but wasn't sweet enough for me.       We come here around 1-2 am and the place is back. But wait time is not bad at all.
#REVIEW#sad to report this place has gone downhill since the good ole days.  I looked it up after a few years of not frequenting it, was happy to see it still open.  But was a bit surprised to see the bad/avg rating it has on yelp.  Decided I was gonna go anyway bc i remember it was pretty darn good. Got there on a Sunday night at 10pm, almost noone sitting at the tables and the bar was 2/3 full.  I asked to sit at a table (for 1) bc i wanted to charge my phone and have a little space.  The guy at the counter was very stubborn and said absolutely no 1 person at the tables.  kinda ridic if you ask me, I was only there a total of 20 mins. Eat and go.  I got the yakitori set, the chicken skewers were so bland, no taste of teriyaki.... wasn't made to perfection either, no charred parts. It tasted worse than homemade. The side spaghetti taste like canned pasta. and there's a bowl of unnecessary rice.  Not impressed at all. And sadly will not be back.  Kenka down the street looks much better. and Yakitori Totto in midtown is another gem.
#REVIEW#My first yakitori experience and I liked it, but suspect other places would be better. We started off with set A, which includes chicken, chicken gizzard, chicken skin, beef meatball, and pork belly, and added on a several extras to try as well - chicken wing, chicken heart, beef tongue, shiitake, scallion, and bacon-wrapped scallop. Our favorites were unanimously the beef meatball, pork belly, scallion, and bacon-wrapped scallop, which were the ones we ordered seconds of. Ironically, even though yakitori traditionally focused on chicken, the chicken here just wasn't very good and we preferred the other meats instead. Chicken gizzard was the really weird one for us...it was just SO tough and chewy to the point of almost unchewable. I haven't had gizzard elsewhere so I don't know if that's just its texture or if it was cooked improperly here.The cocktails are good if pretty weak - we ordered the taisho mojito and a couple of shochu cocktails, and would've ordered more except the waiter kept telling us they were out of peach puree/lychee syrup/whatever ingredient. They didn't seem too well-stocked in that department.The place has counter seating and a space in the back with actual tables, but everything is extremely cramped! I thought this was a fun first yakitori experience, and the cheapness definitely doesn't hurt, but I definitely want to try Yakitori Totto or Torishin as well.
#REVIEW#Innovative and unique in its own way.  Some good sake choices.   The food was priced very well.  The clear star here is the staff.   One of our waiters ran outside to the street and down the block to find our group to return a forgotten cellphone.  They were polite and kind in explaining their menu.   Definitely plan to go back.
#REVIEW#I'm sorry but this was a waste of money. I got the seafood set and it came with a few tiny baby squid, 2 shrimp (not 2 skewers, but 2 shrimp!) With the skin still on, 2 skewers with tiny scraps of mushroom, 2 skewers of scallions, and peppers. I will say the scallions and peppers were good, but everything else had no flavor. I could get a whole box of mushroom for $2 and they couldn't even put whole mushrooms on the skewer. And not to mention the skewers were as big as my little finger. $20+ tip +tax for something that felt like a snack. I wont come back here. I understand the location is expensive and such, but there's plenty of other places around this restaurant where you can get more bang for your buck.
#REVIEW#This is a good place for groups 4 or less or it will feel a little crowded. Good place to get yakitori and other Japanese snacks or street food if you're craving it. They prefer cash and the wait isn't too long except for popular meal times on the weekend. It's open late too so that's a plus! I usually get combo B and the meats are cooked well but some have more flavors than other. Their pork belly is good but vegetables skewers are just okay. I haven't tried the other things on the menu but it's worth trying, especially if you like meat on a stick!
#REVIEW#Besides their house sake that has a slightly unpleasant finish to the taste buds, their yakitori and beer was good! Do order up their skewers and many other items on the menu.  It's a great place to drink, be merry and feast on bbq skewers, the Japanese way!They have a lot of variety, seating is ample, and service was spot on.  I had a good time here!Ganbei - just not with the house sake.
#REVIEW#I dropped in for a late night din after a nearby party and it was one of the few restaurants still open at 3am and had plenty of available seating. Ive passed by many times and seen it packed so I also figured it would be good and it really failed my expectations. I had the tonkatsu ramen ($12) which tasted like it was made with undercooked instant noodles and the pork was rather hard. My friend had the tuna donburi (rice bowl $10) and said it tasted like catfood. Although the service was good and food came promptly, I would never come here again for these dishes. Perhaps these werent the best options here since it seems the bbq is what they are popular for. I may give them another chance and try the bbq someday but this experience turned me off.
#REVIEW#GET THE SALMON CREAM YAKISOBA THEN put a little soy sauce in it THEN fall in love4 stars bc a lot of the other stuff I've had here varies highly in quality. It's good for what it is though which is drunk food. Love to come here with friends and grab beer with lots of different snacks. Also consistently good when I go here are the Tuna Don and French Fries w Fish Roe.
#REVIEW#Always a go-to place for a good, light dinner. If you're having late night Asian cravings, this is the place to be. I always get the Set B because that set is easy to order, meaty and I LOVE the meatballs from there. And also, we ordered this avocado and pork and wow it was just wow. I would even love to try making it at home. Takoyakis were always really soft and creamy.
#REVIEW#When you look from outside... it looks like there's not much seatings... but as you walk in... there's actually more seatings in the back. Oh wait... it's full. Wait... there's actually MORE seatings??? What is this strange and sketchy long hallway we have to go through to get our seating? Hmm... okay. Cool. Quite a crampy place. Foodwise, it was good. I only had the chicken skin skewer and yaki onigiri. Yeah... more of a snack. They went well together!  The chicken skin skewer was juicy and crunchy!!! Somewhat similar to pork skin. It's like having chicken and rice, but instead it's grilled riceball and chicken skin, hahahaha. I tried a piece of "Taisho Original" my friend ordered, which is Unagi roll of lightly grilled eel and avocado with "special sauce" that tasted like mayonaise. Very savory.  I would give the food overall 4/5, but 3/5 because  the service was really lacking. We had to called for the check more than 3 times... they kept forgetting. Perhaps it's because of our seating...? Even so.
#REVIEW#There are very few places where you may find my at 2-3-4 in the morning. I have been hiding out in the bar inhaling the deliciousness this little nook has to offer for more than a decade. Whenever I want to be alone after either a crappy day or an amazing one, this place instantly cheers me up. I love the steak and variety of skewers they have here (especially the chicken skin ). Those are my normal goto menu options, but I have been here with friends and everything else I tried was equally as delicious. I hope this place never disappears.
#REVIEW#Very delicious and always consistent. Chicken skewers. Yaki udon kimchi noodles. Eel hodge podge. Meatballs. French fries with roe mayo. Hot and sour soup. Soju, sake. This place is the best! It's so good every time. I will never get tired of it. Closed on Monday. Opens at 6 pm and stays open late!!!
#REVIEW#If this is your first time going, depending on your food culture, you may want to rethink it!We love Yakitori but this time we were actually somehow disappointed  1- slow service 2- some of the dishes we ordered were not served on a timely manner, either it had been just sitting waiting to be served or not cooked (referring to the girls )!We ordered many different dishes including soups. The shrimp wonton was the best!
