#NAME#Faicco's Italian Specialties
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/faiccos-italian-specialties-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#meats,italian#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Unlike other Italian delis in the area, Faicco's makes their own capocollo, soppressata, and other cold cuts at the Dyker Heights location. They, of course, make their own fresh mozzarella as well. I've been to a lot of delis in New York and New Jersey and only Faicco's capocollo breaks apart this spectacularly along the marbling. Their capocollo doesn't have the stiff, rubbery texture I've found at places that import their cold cuts. You can't go wrong with their soppressata as well if you prefer the tangy sausage over fatty ham.I used to go here weekly when I was a student on the days I had both morning and evening classes. Back then it was $12 for a hero with gabagool, muzzarell, tomatoes, onions, oil, and vinegar. That was a steal for something that filled me up for both lunch and dinner. Seriously, they pile on over an inch of cold cuts across 8 inches of bread and then slap on some generously sliced cheese on top. It's a bit pricier now, and I've since graduated and moved to Lower Manhattan for work, but I always make sure to grab my usual order whenever I'm visiting someplace near the village.
#REVIEW#Faicco's, where have you been all my life. I am over sisxty, born and raised in Manhattan and I am just hearing about you now!!!To be fair, once upon a time there were many great hero shops like Faicco's around Manhattan, but slowly one by one they have disappeared. So happy to make the acquaintance of a real Old School Italian Sub Shop. My Eggplant Hero was $18.00 and worth every penny of it, probably more. Out of thousands of Eggplant heros I have eaten in my life, this is in the Top Three. I'll be back!
#REVIEW#Great sandwiches and great service. I was pleased with the special I had of  smoked turkey, mozzarella, and bacon. I will definitely go back to try other options. Definitely on the more expensive side, but it is worth a try!
#REVIEW#Wow. Believe the hype. I'm a little leery of restaurants in tourist-heavy locations, b/c let's face it: tourists have no palate. But this placed delivered.  My Italian was perfect and the chicken parm was delectable. The prices are steep, but worth it. Two caveats: there's no seating so plan ahead where you'd like to eat and the sandwiches are huge, so consider sharing. Huge as in you should feel bad about yourself if you finish one solo.
#REVIEW#This place was the WINNER for the food portion of our 2019 trip.When I lived in California, I used to go this little Italian market every weekend and shop a bit, buy a sandwich from the counter, talk to the meat guys, who got to know me over time. When I moved back to DFW it was one of the things I missed the most. We don't have anything like that here. Which is why I was so deeply happy to stumble upon Faicco's while researching NYC food. Because Faicco's is that place, but ten times better, because New York.The store itself is everything I want out of an Italian market - fabulous selection, super friendly and helpful counter guys who obviously care about their work, items you can't find anywhere else. If I lived there, you better believe I would be there every weekend, stocking up.But alongside the market goods, they also have a large sandwich menu with some of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life. And I am SUCH a sandwich person. This was bliss. Italian special (perfection, and not overly oily or vinegary!), chicken parm (three massive pieces of chicken in there!), meatball parm (ugh the meatballs!). We also tried a stromboli (delicious), spinach stuffed bread (omg so much spinach, hooray!), prosciutto ball and rice ball (mmmm balls).Everything was... I don't have the superlatives. We went on Sunday and had to come back on Wednesday to try more - and I still missed out on ordering an Italian parm. I would have killed to taste their in-house Italian sausage. An oversight to correct next time - and there will be a next time because I can promise you I will go here every time I am in NYC.This place is the best and I will be raving about it place for a long, long time to come. Faicco's I love you.(Side note: the prices for the sandwiches may seem high but trust me, I am A BIG EATER and even I could only eat half at one meal. So this is a two-meal price you're looking at on the board. Worth it!)
#REVIEW#I've never spent $18 for a sandwich before, but when I was handed the sandwich I knew it was nothing ordinary. It weighed about 5 pounds and can easily be split between 3 people. Okay, maybe 2 if you both are starving. My friend and I decided to split the Special Italian Hero for lunch ($9 each) and we both confirmed at the first bite that this was so worth it.Other than sandwiches, it's also a neighborhood local meat shop. They have all types of sausages and meats lined up in the glass display in the front the full menu of sandwiches in the back. It gets packed during lunchtime, but service is pretty quick.
#REVIEW#First time here and great experience. Bought a chicken, mozzarella, and pesto sandwich and some arancini. Both were delicious.
#REVIEW#9 years ago I had my first Italian combo there for $14 today I went there it's now $18 WHO CARES ABOUT THE PRICE IT IS THE BEST SANDWICH IN THIS CITY. The quality and quantity of food has remained the same and the smiles given out there are top notch. Thank you forever.
#REVIEW#YES!!!! Make the trip - walk if you must, but try this little place that has been a staple on Bleeker for MANY years.The staff was so kind and gracious with us, allowing us to try a slice of roast beef (made in house and possibly the BEST I have tried).  The homemade salami is also perfect (please note here I spent 2 weeks in Italy this summer....I know delicious cured meats!).The sandwiches were prepared perfectly, the bread fresh, ratio to meat, cheese, toppings = delicious!Just note there is not a place to sit and eat, so plan ahead and find a nice place to take your wonderful meal.
#REVIEW#The sandwiches here are enormous and delicious.I'd give this place five stars, but I bought a freezer burned baked ziti from here and wasn't satisfied, especially because I gifted one to a friend.
#REVIEW#WOW!!! Hands down the best Italian sandwich I've ever had. Not cheap but it's packed with meat, it's one of those where you have to dislocate your jaw to fit your mouth around it.
#REVIEW#This is the best Italian deli sandwich. Period."But Parisi Bakery!" Nope."Regina's Groc..." No.These sandwiches are huge. It feels like I'm grasping a football when I hold one. The quality of Faicco's bread, meat, cheese, and homemade sauces (like pesto) make this an ideal sandwich.My favorite is the chicken pesto cutlet sandwich, but the other excellent ones are the chicken parm and the Italian.The service is great too.There's no seating but it's a short walk from Washington Square Park so you can take your sandwich there to eat.
#REVIEW#Best sandwich in the Village, West Village, Chelsea, and I am sure more - I just haven't been to every place yet!   Huge sandwiches - will cost you, but worth it.
#REVIEW#They make awesome pesto sauce at a reasonable price.  Beats making it yourself.I also like the sausage that comes continuously in a ring and have a pound worth cut off to buy.  It has cheese inside the sausage.
#REVIEW#Old school Italian deli heaven. That's it in a nut-shell. In my quest to find some of the city's best sandwiches/sandwich shops, I'm disappointed I haven't hit up Faicco's sooner. That said, people apparently also go gaga over plenty of their non-sandwich items, like the arancini and fried ravioli - which I'll certainly have to sample next visit. The most popular sandwiches at Faicco's are the Italian and the chicken cutlet, mozz, and pesto.  I'm not a huge Italian fan generally (could be a subconscious remaining bias from my yeshiva days), and the cutlet mention had me thinking that it had been a while since I've had a good chicken parm sandwich. Sold. But I also saw bin of gorgeous house-made sun-dried tomatoes, and heard the broccoli rabe was also really good - so those had to be added on. On whole wheat - gotta make up points on a splurge like this where you can. The guy on the counter looked at me a bit funny, and said sure, it'll be a couple minutes, making it fresh/hot and all. They had the Univision coverage of the World Cup on (old school, I said...no Fox Sports here) so the wait was no bother...though a bit substantial. Out eventually came what resembled a football wrapped in industrial grade tin foil. "Good luck" he said. Wow. What a sandwich. And it basically stretched into 3 meals...each one a delicious treat. The cutlet was crisp and tender, the mozzarella was creamy goodness, the sun-dried tomatoes took the sauce to another level (pat on the back for that choice) and the broccoli rabe provided some bite to the rich slab of saucy sandwich glory.I will most definitely be back, at least to try the roast beef, the cutlet/mozz/pesto and some of those fried morsels. Bravo, Faccio's.
#REVIEW#Chicken Peso!  Saw this Deli on FoodNetwork 2 years ago, so worth the wait. Can't wait for next trip back to NYC. The food is awesome.
#REVIEW#Two years ago I got the special Italian sub, a loaf of bread stuffed with a few animals' worth of assorted meats and a slice of cheese. I lamented at the time that it was messy and a bit over the top. Today, I come back to this site with my tail between my legs and an apology in my mouth to announce to my fanbase that I found a sandwich that makes it all worth it. The chicken cutlet, fresh mozzarella and broccoli rabe with pesto is a school bus sized hero loaded with the aforementioned ingredients. It could feed a family of two for a meal or a family of one for two meals. Hot or cold, it's fantastic, but it's better hot (because the mozzarella gets kinda melty).
#REVIEW#MEAT SWEATS.I am not a sandwich person. I'm not a deli person. I'm also not a meat person either, so I was a little concerned when I ended up in Faicco's staring at a giant case of cold cuts and an overwhelming menu. Luckily, the guys behind the counter know just what you need. When I attempted to order what I thought was a "lighter" sandwich of prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted red peppers, basil, and balsamic, our server took one look at me and piled the meat high. I'm pretty sure it had a pound of prosciutto of it....all of which I finished in the end. Hey, it was a delicious sandwich and lasted me 4 days. Come for the massive sandwiches. Come for the arancini and prosciutto balls (which were also fantastically hot, cheesy, and salty AF). Come for the homemade mozzarella and all the other ridiculous offerings made fresh right in front of you. Leave with the meat sweats- it's worth it.
#REVIEW#Best sandwich ever! We got the most expensive one at $15. It was so big the hubby and I had to share it. We grabbed one on the way to the airport and spent the afternoon finishing this bad boy. We LOVED THE DELI. It was real old school and can't wait to go back for more. The sandwich is worth every penny.
#REVIEW#Sandwiches are incredible, fresh semolina bread. Chicken cutlet sandwiches come with 3 chicken cutlets, they are huge.
