#NAME#Yuca Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/yuca-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#latin,tapas,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#3.5/5 TLDR: skip the drinks (not strong enough), order yucca fries as your side, opt for some amazing paella, and dessert is decent. Service is limited in terms of water refills.Outdoor seating, a little tight inside, music blasting, and also: no ac when the outside is open, so it gets stuffy when there's no breeze. There were some not so amazing dishes, but I've finally found the best paella I've had, so bumped up to 4 stars :DPaella ($19 lunch): I *think* I remember reading that the rice in this was cooked in a lobster broth. Oh myyyyyy. So much yum! It wasn't loaded with seafood, but tastes wise, this was so damn delicious. (Tasted just as well as leftovers.) I loved the added shredded chicken underneath the layers of seafood, and the rice was cooked to perfection. Portion was super generous for the price! Other restaurants would easily charge $30+ for thisYuca fries: I personally loved these yuca fries. They looked more like mozarella sticks - fluffy, golden exterior, and super soft interior. However, a friend mentioned that these yuca fries seemed to be mashed yuca inside, so it lost a lot of textureCalamari ($12): too soft, but the coating was done just rightGuac and chips ($11): loved the multicolored chips and the salsa that came was this was super refreshing and light. Guacamole, however, was very standard. Could use more seasoningFish & chips ($13): had a bite of these coconut crusted fish fillets and wasn't impressed. Presentation wise, they look more like crab cakes (but thinner and less fluffy). Tastes wise, the coconut crust was ridiculously overpowering, so much that I forgot the highlight was supposed to be the fish! I wouldn't be able to tell you whether that fish was either moist or notPina colada panna cotta ($8): super small for the price, but not the strongest coconut taste. Decently done. Maybe if they tried harder on this panna cotta instead of the fish and chips hahaYuca tai ($12): too sweet, not very strong alcohol, but smells great/fruity
#REVIEW#The bartender told me he wouldn't serve me if I didn't tipped him  wtf Really expensive too!
#REVIEW#I use to love this place !!!!! Until last night !!!! Me and my co workers would go for the happy hour, and everytime a a family member would come from out of town I would take them here.......It was highly embarrassing that last night I treated some out of state guest to dinner at Yuca, and right after our last bite a mouse showed up from the bench. I am extremely disgusted and this place should be SHUT DOWN! The manager had nothing to say n just comped the drinks. The whole bill should have been on the house. I will he reporting to Department of Health. But in the mean time I suggest no one goes to filth.
#REVIEW#We were looking to try some place new on our Sunday date night and decided to stop by. Let me just say that this could easily become my favorite Latin American restaurant ever!! We ordered sangria and it was just how I like it very strong. For tapas we had the stuffed sweet plantain and wow wow wow ... so delicious. Next time I go I might just get different tapas to share because everything sounded amazing. Me and my boyfriend shared the Carnitas for 2 ($58) and added a side of tostones. The carnitas includes ribs (so tender and tasty!), sausage, chicken and steak with three sides: Yuca fries, spinach, rice and beans. My one complaint would be that the sides are a small portion compared to the meat served. It was so much food we couldn't finish it all. The service was great and very attentive. Delicious food, strong drinks, upbeat ambiance and great prices what more can you ask for. I plan to return for happy hour with a group of friends. Please do yourself a favor and stop by!
#REVIEW#Awesome awesome brunch. Their bottomless deal is SICK and to top it off they have great food. This will have been my second visit and I'm always itching to go back. They don't take reservations but if you score a table on the outside patio it's prime real estate
#REVIEW#The service was terrible! We had to pay 5$ cover and after that we stepped out for a quick cigarette and were not allowed  back in.The bar attender was super rude and a lot of people were complaining about it. I will never come here again.
#REVIEW#I went here with a big party at their request. and there was a bit of a wait for our party of 7.  The sangria was excellent and and one of the highlights.  The place is too crowded, disorganized, and a place that overcharges for tacos ($11).  My friend even had his jacket stolen.  While I was waiting I could barely sample of the chips and guacamole because we were packed in there like sardines.  I received the wrong order of tacos.  So they comped my tacos de pescado baja which were good, but super overpriced.  The place turns into a dance floor and that was at least a redeeming quality.  It was good seeing my friend and enjoying the night there, but I won't be frequenting this place as Cali is my place for tacos.
#REVIEW#Wednesday 9PM. Seated immediately. Service - Slow but nice. Interior - Cozy, small, warm, loud. You can hear your neighbors' table over your voice. Espresso BBQ costillitas (pork back ribs with Colombian espresso coffee inspired BBQ sauce) - Amazing! Must order! The ribs are stacked, juicy, and bursting with flavor. Every time I use my fork to transfer the rib to my plate, the meat falls right off and the bone is left behind.Platano relleno (sweet plantain stuffed with slow roasted pork, drizzled with sour cream) - Slightly sweet, more savory. The pork had more flavors than any carnitas I've tasted. The plantain was soft, warm, and mushy.Yuca fries - Comforting, more crisp than a regular fry. Passionfruit sangria - Very, very good. Better than the mango sangria.
#REVIEW#Decided to stop in at Yuca Bar after grabbing a haircut and running some errands nearby, and I am glad I did so. The location really stood out to me because of it's vibrant color and how interesting and colorful things looked on the inside. I figured the menu would have to be just as creative and interesting and luckily that was the case!I went with one of their brunch specials which gives you Coffee, Brunch Entree, Side, and an alcoholic beverage or other beverage if you want it. I also ended up choosing one of the breakfast burritos as my entree and it was honestly one of the best I'd had in a long time with a side of fresh rice and beans. Yum yum yum, everything went down smooth and I also opted for fresh-squeezed OJ instead of an adult beverage and you can definitely tell they squeeze the juice in-house.
#REVIEW#Brunch ! I love this spot. This place is always clutch. Food, atmosphere and location. They hit it all on the nail. I enjoy their brunch menu along with their cafesito and white sangria. This place just has so much flavor!
#REVIEW#Fantastic place for lunch. Even dinner. Been here several times and its always good. Bar has everything. Happy hour everyday 1-8pm. Best one in NYC!!!! Fantastic staff too. Come on over
#REVIEW#Best caipirinhas in NYC! I love yucabar, everything is really good, food, ambiance music and service! I highly recommend to go
#REVIEW#One of my favorite happy hours in nyc! Their happy hour runs until 8 pm daily, and on Tuesday they have 30% off tapas. We got the empanadas, shrimp quesadilla, and the Cuban Arepitas. The empanadas come with 3 different varieties - seafood, chicken, and beef - with two dipping sauces. All of them are good, but the seafood is my personal favorite (I've had this fish twice now and sometimes wish all 3 were seafood!). The shrimp quesadilla is very good, albeit a bit messy. The Cuban Arepitas were my personal favorite from my last visit - they are served on mini bases of corn bread with pulled pork on top. A bit different than other arepas I've had in the past, but they were extremely delicious! I also had the red Sangria which was very tasty and quite strong. I highly recommend Yuca Bar, especially on Tuesdays when Tapas are 30% off!
#REVIEW#First time visiting this place and let's say itll be the last. The wait was way too long my partner and I stood there for the longest just waiting for a table. We couldn't kill time at the bar cus that was so packed didnt even want to try. Location is too small for the amount of business they get. We finally sit down the waiter takes our orders and we wait. I ordered a drink and to be honest it was so weak and unmemorable I can't even remember what it was. While waiting for our food a fight/dispute unravels in the restroom near us. Loud drama over some guy bumping into some woman while trying to enter the restroom. Honestly speaking that place was so tight its inevitable. Food arrives and might I say was not bad at all very good. So sad the long wait and cramped place dampens the good food they offer. Sorry to say but I will not be waiting my time coming here again.
#REVIEW#Happy hour from 1-8pm! Came with friends and ordered + mojitos (a bit on the strong side, but they came with sugar cane stuck in which I thought was a unique touch. I ordered passion fruit and liked it) + fish n chips (this is pretty unique. They put coconut flakes on the fish and fry it. I thought the sauces were a little bland - some spice would have been nice. This comes with yuca fried which were shaped like large tater tots. I liked this but you can also opt for normal French fries)I'd come back! Especially in the summer
#REVIEW#Chilaquiles were fine, but not great. They were nice enough to offer me a discount off the listed price when I asked for them made without bistec (vegetarian), but the tortillas were still crunchy, whereas I'd expected them to have been boiled down further and really doused in sauce. The mojito was sufficiently layered with mint leaves that I might as well have ordered it from Chop't.I would probably give this place another shot if I'm nearby and have a hankering for pan-Latin cuisine.
#REVIEW#I went here on a date a couple of weeks ago, and it was pretty gd great (both the date and the dinner)!!! So I'll start with rating my date.. he gets 5 stars for bein cute, 5 stars for not bein a d*ck, 7 stars for having the cutest smile, and 19 stars for insisting that "we need those things that look like mozzarella sticks". Now for Yuca Bar: definitely exceeds the 5 stars as well. They don't take reservations (I think) but you can show up and put your name in and then hang out at the bar while you wait for a table. We went on a Friday night at 7pm, and the wait was just a half hour - not too bad at all. We started off with a round of margs and eventually made our way to the chips and guac. You can't. go. wrong. with. guac. Oh, and in the bowl of chips, they throw in a few plantain chips, which was the most pleasant surprise. To be honest, I don't even know what I ended up ordering for my main meal. I kinda just chose the first thing I saw that was vegetarian and figured I would like it. I think it was some sort of cheese pancake thing with mushrooms and other vegetables??? I don't know, but I strongly suggest you ask for "some sort of cheese pancake thing with mushrooms" because it was GOOD. I thought I was ordering the "things that look like mozzarella sticks" but alas, I did not. So cue the man across the table from me hollerin at the waiter. (The mystery mozz stick things slapped and I could have eaten 309 if I wasn't tryin to keep my figure.) I've been dreamin about Yuca Bar since I left the restaurant that night a few weeks ago. Can't wait to go back!!!
#REVIEW#This was my first dinner for the New Year and I am so happy I chose this place because it was so good! I came around 8PM and was seated almost immediately. The waiters here were really attentive and made sure everything was to my liking.Before I came here, I looked at the online menu and I knew I wanted the Carnitas for 2 which was listed for $52. When I looked at the restaurant menu, they charged $58. I ordered the Carnitas (for 2) anyway, which I was happy that I did because there was so much food! The Carnitas came with an assortment of meats and sides. The order had skirt steak, chicken, chorizo, sausage, pork, and pork ribs. The sides that came with it were spinach, rice and beans, and yucca fries. My favorite meat was def the skirt steak, it was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and had so much flavor. The chicken was surprisingly juicy and didn't taste dry at all. The texture of the pork ribs were really good because they fell off the bone and were super tender, but I wasn't a fan of the flavor. I was expecting a salty flavor just like the other meats, but the pork ribs were just too sweet. The sides complimented the meats so well! The yucca fries were crispy and topped off with a tasty chimichurri sauce. The spinach was cooked nicely and had a buttery garlic taste.My boyfriend and I, ended up eating only half of the meal and splitting the rest for our lunch the next day. The Carnitas can def be split between 4 people. I 100% recommend this place for good food and good vibes.
#REVIEW#I thought the food was excellent here! My boyfriend and I split the following for dinner one night and it was more than enough:+ platano relleno+ trio of assorted arepas+ yuca friesWe had no trouble getting a table at around 6:30 PM on a weeknight. The food came super quick and service was good. Definitely would recommend!
#REVIEW#This place is great, great ambience, music, drinks, staff and food!Enjoy tasty food and very well served drinks.
