#NAME#Boqueria Spanish Tapas - Soho
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/boqueria-spanish-tapas-soho-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#spanish#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is my second time at this location of Boqueria. The first time was for a bachelorette party over 6 years ago. Both of my visits were honestly amazing and I am so happy that I remembered to come back.All of the food was delicious. The only thing that i wasn't really a fan of was the squid with beans and squid ink. There was hardly any flavor and it dyes your whole mouth (and everything else) black. Completely unnecessary dish. The octopus was perfectly rendered and flavorful, the shrimp were cooked perfectly, and the mushroom flatbread was one of the best vegetarian dishes I have had. The overall ambiance was great and the service was prompt. Most of the time when you go to a tapas restaurant, you get too many dishes all at once. Here, you only received 2 dishes at a time so that you could really savor them.The churros were also fantastic and if you don't order them you are genuinely missing out. Definitely make this a stop, I know I would come here more often if I lived near soho
#REVIEW#Went here with a work group and ordered the chef menu. This means they just send out food till you are full! I preferred the appetizers to the main food. The patina was not my favorite and seemed bland compared to the rest of the food. You cannot go wrong with the sangria here!
#REVIEW#First time eating here! My friends and I arrived right when brunch hours were ending, so we decided to sit and wait for dinner hours; which started at 5:30 PM.While we waited, we jumped right into the "cheese and meats" menu and ordered the tabla de queso y embutidos; a board filled with different kinds of cheeses, bread and ham/chorizo. It was good & size was good enough for the 4 of us eating. We also got two pitchers of sangria, which I honestly think were overpriced for the taste; at almost $50 each. My friends got the pulpo a la plancha as well as the pollo rustido; they left their plates clean so I'm assuming it must've tasted great! For the table, we ordered a large paella which was my favorite part. Although they let the rice burn a little too much at the bottom, it was still delicious and I would definitely recommended it! The size was alright for 4 of us; I definitely had space left for more. We topped it all off with churros. The ones filled with dulce de leche were divine! If I were ever to come back it would be for the churros.All in all the food was good, service was great; but not a spot I'll be dying to go to again.
#REVIEW#Very good spot. The asparagus is excellent. The gem lettuce is very tasty too. The pork ribs are really good too and it's a massive amount of meat (you really should split it with someone).I am not giving it 5 stars because the food is very good, but it's not wow. Also I can tell they don't use organic produce or farm to table or grass fed meats or anything like that.
#REVIEW#This review is mostly for the brunch. The dinner is always great. The brunch is jumpin and lively in a good way. We had a reservation and thank God we did because it was PACKED! They asked for a credit card to hold the table but it was no problem.The AYCD sangrias were fun - I had a rosè and a white. My friends liked the red. It was strong but still tasted refined. Service was friendly and professional. My only issue and it's kind of significant is that there was not nearly enough food for our group. We were charged per person and it is served family style but after everyone took a tablespoon - that was it. We all left hungry and disappointed. We all got pizza immediately after leaving.I would definitely be back for dinner.
#REVIEW#I've been to the Chelsea location, but only for dinner, so I was excited to give the brunch a try here. It was amazing! My boyfriend and I shared the Patatas bravas, Croquetas cremosas, Huevos con chorizo and Nutella filled churros. Could have done without the croquetas because it was a hardcore fried fest anyway, but no regrets. Everything was delicious and it was more than enough food. Service was good.
#REVIEW#Boqueria popped my Spanish-tapas cherry. We came for happy hour and ordered a few things off the regular menu as well.What I enjoyed: We ordered a few albondigas, lamb meatballs with sheep's milk cheese, tomato sauce, and a sliver of cucumber. The first round's meatballs were a bit tough, but subsequent orders were very tender. The cheese was smooth, creamy, and melted in my mouth to perfectly complement the sauce and meat. The fried squid (fritura mixta) was also tasty with that slightly spicy marinara sauce, and I liked the tangy peppers  included in the basket.What I could've done without: The bacon-wrapped dates tasted mostly like dates. They were stuffed with almonds and blue cheese but I didn't really taste much cheese, and the bacon seemed overcooked so it was too crispy and charred to add any flavorful meatiness to the mix. Dates are tasty, don't get me wrong, but I wanted more layering of flavors for the price. The grilled octopus with potatoes and garlic aioli was good, only because the grilled octopus arrived as a whole tentacle and was perfectly cooked. It wasn't particularly memorable, but it went well with the potatoes. The garlic aioli just tasted like mayo and was too creamy, so I kept it away from my bites of octopus.Happy hour seating is first-come first-serve at the bar or cocktail tables, so just linger and then beeline your way to the first seats you can grab.
#REVIEW#Delicious tapas... Left time square for our in between show dinner.  Hate Times Square. Ended up here and with luck at chefs table so I can watch them cook.  I ordered the tortilla of the day, piquillo peppers filled with oxtail, croquettes,vermicelli with seafoodBack to the place I luckily stumbled upon last time in nyc.  Croquettes (1 ham and cheese the other mushroom)... seafood paella   Very yummy and exceptional service. I underrated this restaurant last time
#REVIEW#I've already told half the staff there but I can't forget to tell the people of Yelp LOL THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE RESTAURANT! Boqueria has nailed it! From the front of house, to back of house, I'm in love. Greeted by everyone there in a super warm and genuine manner, the service was awesome. The food is straight up addictive and I had zero shame returning the very next day ha! If you come here and don't end your meal with a Cortado and the Flan, you're seriously missing out. Flan reminded me of my Cuban grandmother and you just can't argue with that. Marilyn was our server the first night and she was such a sweetheart. George/Jorge (not sure how he spells it) was our server the 2nd time around and he was also great! The Assistant General Manager noticed we were back for the 2nd day in a row and came over to touch the table. Hannah, you rock. Thank you, Boqueria. See you soon!
#REVIEW#A fun, atypical spot for brunch. I'd never think to get tapas for breakfast, but my friends and I loved it. You have a couple options, either you order individual meals a la carte, or you can get their $42 brunch deal. That seems like a lot per person for brunch, but you definitely get your money's worth. The brunch deal gets you your choice of 4 tapas, a main dish of benedict or paella, dessert of churros con chocolate or a churro sundae, and unlimited sangria and/or mimosa. They cap you at 2 hours, but we were there nearly 2.5 hours and not once did they rush us or remind us of our time cap.For the tapas, we chose patatas bravas, tortilla espanola, albondigas, and pan con tomate. You also get a few slices of serrano ham and manchego cheese. All was delicious, particularly the tortilla and patatas! This alone had us pretty full and satisfied. We chose paella for the main, which is a brunch paella with eggs on top. I'm not a big fan of egg on paella, but it was still very tasty. Wonderfully flavored rice and extremely tender chicken. Despite being full, we managed a few bites and boxed the rest up for later. The churros came last, and well, there's always room for dessert...we annihilated those. All the while, they kept our sangria glasses full the entire time. They'll keep refilling your glass, but you're welcome to switch to a different type of sangria or mimosa--just ask! Oh and you can make brunch reservations which I highly recommend. We had an 11am reservation and by noon it was absolutely packed, so imagine walk-ins are tough on the weekend. I've been here for dinner too, along with another location, and it's just as delicious. Always great service too.
#REVIEW#I always recommend people go here. It is not only delicious, but the food is not OVERLY expensive (still expect to spend a pretty penny here), like so many other tapas places, and their portions are a good size to share.They have a nice wine list, and the ambiance is really a reminder of Spain.Honestly- get the Paella. It's perfectly crafted and filled with seafood (good for pescatarians since no meat). I had the eggplant spread and the meat and cheese platter for the table which was a surprisingly large spread.I have to thank my waiters from last time I was there bc I had made a reservation- they don't start seating for dinner until 530- and the rest of my group was over an hour late. My waiter was really very kind and understanding so I was able to sit and start ordering myself until they arrived. Sure, I felt like a loser, but at least I was fed :)Honestly if you think you need tapas in the city, search out one of these and you will be happy.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite tapas restaurant in the city. Great for groups. They have a broad array of authentic Spanish tapas with a great complimentary wine list. If you are going with a large party, recommend the chef's list with that includes tapas, paella & dessert for $50/pp. It encompasses plenty of food. The happy hour menu is also a good value.
#REVIEW#Came to the soho Boqueria after going to the one in UES. Overall, I think it's a great tapas option, and I liked this location a little bit better.We can here as a large group (10+ people) for the unlimited brunch ($39 bottomless). They give the table a sheet of paper where everyone collectively decided what to order, and they portion out enough for everyone. They were super accommodating of vegetarians when I went, and gave us the option to pick a few veggie items to replace the meat ones and adjusted the portions for everything accordingly.Their brunch paella is amazing (albeit a little on the dry side). We got the churro ice cream for dessert, which was a riot! I had the red wine sangria, and they were very attentive on refilling everyone's drinks / making sure our group of 10+ were comfortableOverall: would recommend for a group (as tapas should be eaten), and would certainly recommend for a birthday celebration
#REVIEW#I was looking for something a little more traditional like what I had in Spain but I felt like these tapas were fancy?? Not in a bad way but not what I'm used to eating. The croquets had a lot of truffle if you are a fan of that! We also tried the Patatas bravas, the tortilla and the mushroom flatbread. The flatbread was didn't seem to go with the rest of the dishes but it was recommend to us by our waiter. Definitely try the sangria! They have a lot of interesting flavors. The atmosphere was awesome. Super lively and crowded so a good spot to meet up with friends!
#REVIEW#Well done tapas and great service. I love every tapa dish. We got black paella it was burnt. However, I still give 4 stars because every other dish was really good and their stuffed churros are amazing. I tried this location and the one in Brooklyn and they both are great.
#REVIEW#Parking after 6pm is GREAT. This area of SoHo does not have a lot of traffic and finding a parking spot nearby is no problem. Boqueria does get busy no matter the day so I would recommend coming in before prime dinner time. Come for their happy hour! I overheard the waitress tell a couple next to us that for 2 people, you could go for 2 tapas each to share. ...(We did not do that and learned it the hard way) Boqueria's portions are HUGE. HUGE! It's great for their price and of course it's tasty. We ordered the usual Tapas favorites (patatas bravas, pollo, shishito, gamabas, croquettes) + a paella. Note: This is TOO much for 2 persons but it's great for taking home. Paella takes about 30-40 minutes so order that ahead of time. Their paella is cooked very nicely and their rice is fully cooked (Unlike some tapas restaurants that have uncooked rice giving it a crunch and some broken teeth) For all the food we ordered, the total came out to be a little over $100 which was to be expected. Again, portions are great and we were left with leftovers for the next day.
#REVIEW#When shopping in soho I highly recommend eating at Boqueria- they have great vibes dimmed lights great for a girls day food outing. The food was al amazing but the dessert is the best part of it all the filled churros are amazing- I am such a sweets person that I will always send people to the place with the best dinner and even BETTER dessert.
#REVIEW#I came here for the first time for brunch on Sunday. The food was really flavorful, but the service was terrible. As a group of three, we were seated at a table meant for two people and were also seated next to this HUGE vent that was nearly touching the table. It was a bit gross to be right next to it during a meal. The service was so slow that it took us over two hours to get through the whole meal because we had to wait long intervals for the food to arrive. It took over 45 minutes to get our first dish - the shrimp with bread. It took over 90 minutes for the paella to be served. Come here only if you have patience and aren't seated at the table in the front...
#REVIEW#Boqueria is a nice Spanish tapas restaurant. It's kind of crowded and noisy, but the service was really friendly and efficient when I went.  The melon sangria was really good.  The patatas bravas were great.  Everything else was tasty overall.  It's not a mind-blowing place but it's worth going to.
#REVIEW#Probably the best tapas spot I've been to since Spain. Also the priciest, but well worth it. I knocked off 2 stars because they do that "happy hour only at the bar" thing but don't actually tell you until you're seated. If we had gotten the happy hour, we probably would've spent $100 and not $170. It would be a nice heads up, as we had a reservation and didn't get an option of where we sat--and I'd say you probably need a reservation if you're coming from 6-7. They also gave us a dessert with nuts after we said that my friend was very allergic. Partially our fault for totally failing to realize it, but not impeccable service/attention to detail here. They also forgot to put a candle in too for my bday (I'm not narcissistic enough to care/complain) but my friend wasn't happy that they failed with her surprise. Aside from the passable service, the food is great. The lamb skewers were my favorite -- sooo tender and perfectly cooked. The eggplant flatbread is a must-try. We got the octopus (which was okay, not my favorite) and the corn (also okay). They course everything out really nicely too, so once you finish one thing, the next comes after. The dessert was delicious (some cake type of thing).Overall, I liked it and would want to come back if I actually got the HH (I think it those prices make the food worth it) but was kinda shocked by how expensive it came out to be, as the portions aren't huge.
