#NAME#Havana Central
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/havana-central-new-york-6?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban,latin#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Loved my visit. It was refreshing to have the home style cooking I grew up with in the middle of Times Square. The décor is reminiscent of the restaurants you find in Cuba. They use warm Caribbean colors and palm trees to create a very relaxing ambiance.  Our server Alejandro was fantastic. He was very polite and even helped me pick out items on the menu. I was very pleased with his recommendations. I had the roast pork and custard flan and it was delicious. The pork was flavorsome and the sweet flan was great for dessert. The caramel topping and heap of coconut whipped cream satisfied my sweet tooth.The overall value was terrific. I even got a free chicken empanada with their check in offer. Five stars for the customer service, food quality, and price.
#REVIEW#This was truly an excellent experience, as it was my first time having Cuban food. I can't compare it to anything else but it's definitely a place you should try out when in NYC. Service, food, and ambience were great! We visited on a busy Sunday night and they had a great live band playing. We had made reservations and so glad we did as the restaurant was packed  when we walked in. It was a group of seven and we all agreed that this was one of the best meals we had on our trip to NYC! We started with the Cuban sampler, everything was tasty but the shrimp empanadas were my favorite. I tried a little bit of everything my friends had on their plates and I can honestly say that every bite was delicious. I will be recommending this place to all my friends and family for their next trip to NYC.
#REVIEW#If you're looking for a spot to pre-game before a show (or unwind afterwards) Havana Central is a lively option!AMBIANCE:Now, I have never been to Cuba (fingers crossed I can change this soon), but I have a gut feeling that Havana Central is pretty spot-on with the décor. Upon entering, there is a lively buzz in the air, which is even more apparent on nights when they have live music. It does tend to be on the louder side though when the live music is happening, so if you're looking for a more quiet laid-back vibe, then you will want to check ahead of time if they're having live music and/or consider a different restaurant. There is ample seating, with an upstairs section included, and even though this location can become quite busy, the space is always bustling without feeling like you're sitting on top of the people next to you.SERVICE:I have been to this location several times, and have never had a single issue with the wait staff. They are always very prompt and courteous, and check back regularly to see if you need anything throughout the course of the meal. I have always been seated promptly by the hostess, BUT, do note that they will not seat you unless your entire party is present. Additionally, I would highly advise making reservations.FOOD:Everything on the menu is worth a try! They do have a very comprehensive menu of classic Cuban dishes, with cocktails to go with them! They also have a pretty good selection for vegetarians as well. I'm not entirely sure if vegans have a lot of options, but their entire menu is available online, so definitely check it out prior to going if you're concerned! Their portions will definitely leave you satisfied, without feeling like you ate way too much (unless you ordered a lot of appetizers also, in which case, I can't help you.) Definitely leave space for dessert though! For most people, it is the best part of the meal, and this place does not disappoint!MENU RECS:Empanada Sampler, Mango-Glazed Salmon Salad, Vaca Frita (Crispy Shredded Beef), Arroz con Camarones (Shrimp w/ Rice), Caipirinha
#REVIEW#I made Yelp reservations and you need to have reservations as this place is jumping on a Saturday night.  We came here slightly late but had called about our delay and when we arrived, we were seated right away, right behind the hostess desk, in a cozy booth for 4.  With yelp check-in and purchase of an entree, you get a complimentary empanada so we had separate checks and each got empanadas which were ok.  We ordered the Pollo Asado, Pernil Asado, Ensalada de Salmon con Mango, and Ensalada de Pollo con Limon y cana.  My chicken with lime and avocado was good but as chicken breast goes, it was slightly dry.  The atmosphere was great, alittle noisy but I was hoping to hear some lively Latin music and we did but there was no place to dance.  For dessert, we ordered the tropical cheesecake and flan.  The cheesecake was a small slice for $9 which is a bit high for a small piece.  All in all, it was a nice experience, server was attentive and atmosphere was lively and noisy.
#REVIEW#Was in the city for Girl's Birthday weekend trip and we knew we wanted live music and have been on a Cuban Kick from a place we have in Boston, so when we knew we were coming I looked this place up online & reviews seemed great. Had reservations, finally found parking, showed up - was seated right away. Music was great (for the 20 mins it was on - the band either ended or took a break and never seemed to come back on) Servers were friendly but we felt rushed, it was a chill night and we were hoping to sit there & drink/snack for a few hours & listen to music but thats not the vibe we got, so we finished up & took off. Kinda bummed because the food was delish - I just wish we could have sat there a little longer Ill try again to see, will update if anything changes! Get the Shrimp is was Wonderful.  Mojitos were good also, could have been stronger!
#REVIEW#So I came here last year in September or October for a yelp event and I absolutely loved it and have been here a few times since. yesterday between 5-6 pm my two sorority sisters were visiting the city and I wanted to take them here for drinks because I promised this place served great drinks and they would enjoy the live music. so we walked in and were greeted by three hostess (that were eventually just standing around not doing anything but basically talking about us and other guests). I asked them if there were space around the bar for us to just sit and drink. Now it looked packed, and we couldn't see at the far end of the bar, but they ensured us there were seats and we can go towards the back. we went to the back of the bar and it was completely filled, so then the hostess told us we can go upstairs to the bar in the little sitting area. I remember having the yelp event up there, so I led the way. Went upstairs to only be treated by employees drinking and enjoying the bar themselves. when they asked us what we were doing up here, I told them that the hostess and a waiter said that we can come up here for the bar. A few literally laughed in our faces and said this space isn't ready you can go back downstairs. One man was nice enough to tell us that this space wasn't ready to open so we left. Once we got back to the front, I don't remember her name but the woman had long brown here she said "so were there any space at the bar?" while laughing, I was already turned off. Then denied us a table when we asked when we were also going to get an appetizer or something to just snack on. All three hostess who were wearing identical uniforms were laughing in our faces. I've been here a few times checking in or not checking in and I've enjoyed myself. Yesterday was my last time coming to this restaurant, the hostesses were very rude and unprofessional. I will not be returning to this place
#REVIEW#I almost forgot how good this place was! I was able to catch happy hour after work and was beyond pleased. I love that the atmosphere here is very lively. The decor is nice and colorful and the live music adds a special touch. They have great happy hour deals and super friendly staff (The mojitos are a must). I've had many of the menu items but on myMost recent visit I ordered the tour of Havana. It's pernil (roast pork), Ropa vieja (braised beef) and chicharrones (fried chicken)---I had rice and beans as a side. I loved the presentation of this Dish and it was lots of food for a reasonable price. I do not regret ordering this. Can't wait to go back P.S. I checked in and got a free empanada with my order
#REVIEW#Havana Central is good but with a few adjustments, they could be great. The occasion was brunch and if you have a chance, I would highly recommend that you hit them up for brunch as soon as humanly possible. When you walk in the door and you are greeted with live much, you know you are in for a real treat. The restaurant is huge and definitely gives you a very Havana feel to it. As I mentioned, live music definitely plays a part in creating a magnificent ambiance as well. Right off the top, I'd like to give a special shout-out to the amazing waiter that served us. His name was Abinael. Hands down he has to be the best waiter in all of NY. I would return a thousand times just to get served by him. He definitely made the experience unforgettable. As for the brunch, although I'm giving Havana Central several stars, I found my meal to be a bit underwhelming. I found the brunch menu to be very redundant and my breakfast burritos were not hot and needed table condiments to spruce it up. The drinks, on the other hand, were phenomenal. I had a few rum punches that packed an amazing punch. I would like to return for brunch but they should add a few more options.
#REVIEW#My son, daughter in law and I had a wonderful time... loved the sangria it was very good.... for app we had the avacodo stuffed with lobster so delicious. We also had a beef empanada!   Our dinners were all delicious... flan was yummy... we went on a night where there was music... so we all had fun
#REVIEW#Havana Central is my favorite Cuban restaurant in the city. The food is exquisite and reasonably priced. I've never had a bad experience with the food or service. I recently stopped in for a date night. We got the Tostones rellenos, the shrimp was my favorite. I got Mar y Tierra and my steak was cooked well I loved the spice on the chimichurri sauce.The garlic shrimp and calamari were delicious. My boyfriend got the Tour of Cuba and wow please try the ropa vieja! We got a pitcher of sangria and it was really good totally worth it. The ambiance is nice, I've only visited on weekends and they always have a live band. If you plan to visit for dinner during the weekend do yourself a favor and make a reservation. Also, if you prefer a more relaxed dinner ask to be upstairs, downstairs becomes very noisy.
#REVIEW#The food very good and good prices. The drinks are nice and strong.The server Alejandro was great and on top of everything. The only reason why the 4 star is because they need a ac. It's to hot in there.
#REVIEW#Dynamic ambience , live music and great beer on chilly windy -20C night...Our friends from Portland and Mumbai were in the town and we wanted to go some fun place to dine in. We had been hunting down some good restaurant since 6:30 PM knowing it was Saturday and all the good restaurants in NYC are fully booked or 1-2 hours waiting on weekends. Tried a couple of restaurants but they were booked. Even went to RH rooftop in SOHO ( wasted $44 in Uber) but they were fully booked with 100 people in Queue. why I am telling this? Cause Havana central was right at times square and we were there only at the starting and overlooked this restaurant. Poor us. Lol.  And the great part is, though the restaurant was totally full with patrons, we got the table ( party of 5) like in 5 minutes. I was expecting 30-40 minutes waiting easily. I was happy. We settled down. This Cuban restaurant looks old or ambiance was like that, not sure. Big Cuba painting was hanging on all walls. It was beautiful. there was a live band playing Cuban music. The atmosphere was lit. It can be a bit loud at times so consider that. Feels like dancing but we concentrated on food which was the reason we were here. We ordered Draft Modelo and Sangria. Why logo on my beer glass was saying Brooklyn brewery, not sure,  but it tasted superb.  In appetizers and entrée, we ordered Caribbean Wings - nope it was  not Caribbean wings, it was some honey-based sauce wings which I can eat in buffalo wild wingsBucket of Chicharrones - I was totally disappointed with this. It came up with 5 sauce and expected to be some In house special item, but it was just simple chicken pieces fried in oil, comes in a bucket. Not at all liked it.Salmon & Shrimp (yellow rice & Black Beans) - my friend ordered it and I liked it. It was great.Paella de vegetables - Rice portion with vegetables. It was very sticky, good thoughFiesta Avocado Salad - it was good.Had a great time with friends. Except for a few items, food was good too and music with a lively ambiance vibe made it a perfect evening.
#REVIEW#I came here for happy hour with my fiancé yesterday evening. The place was super packed and we could barely make our way to the bar. We got margaritas ($6), Sam Adams seasonal draft ($5), $1 empanadas and the empanada trio. I got the chicken, the shrimp and the Viejo ropa (steak). My fiancé got all chicken. All three flavors were amazing. The hot sauce at the bar is actually hot and has a nice flavor. As soon as it hit 7 PM (when happy hour ended), it cleared up. The service was okay. Our bartender was friendly and moved swiftly. Try getting there early to avoid a wait. I'm looking forward to going back for more shrimp empanadas.
#REVIEW#Last night I cam here for a birthday dinner. Our waiter Ivan was extremely hospitable and hilarious. He was attentive and provided us with good suggestions with our order.We were able to walk in with no reservations on a Sunday night with no wait. This is a bonus for a restaurant located in Time Square.This Cuban restaurant provides food for all types of eaters. I had the Alcon al Vino which was flavorful, very tender, with a hint of sweetness from the glazed wine in the pork. The rice delicious. This dish was very filling. I didn't try the other dishes but everyone like their dish except for the cilantro rice that came with the Ropa Vieja and that the pineapple chicken came with too much pineapple. That it overpowered the taste of the chicken. The salmon got good reviews but at first it was cold but within 3 minutes we received a whole new dish straight out the oven. The empanadas are great and if you use Yelp to check In you get a free one per table.I also had the Passion Lemonade which was sweet and strong. The prices were reasonable from $18.95-$36 for entrees. You can't beat these prices for Time Square. Also they have a live band too which was very entertaining. I would definitely come back to try other dishes and drinks and for their excellent customer service
#REVIEW#Havana Central right in middle of Times Sq will absolutely take you to Cuba in a second. They have done a great job in terms of the decor. They have live music playing at the entry, will make you want to grove. Their happy hour is amazing! With $6 food and drinks! Love it!While the price is great and so was the service, the food is nothing to write home about. Maybe I was unlucky, i don't know. I have heard their sea food paella is really good, so If you are here you can give that a shot.I ordered the veggei paella, for me it totally lacked flavors. The rice felt it was very under cooked and i almost felt like i was chewing it raw. We ordered the chicken(Chicharrones de pollo) from the happy hour menu and it was such a sad looking, dry chicken that you wouldn't want to eat. The black beans hummus with plantain chips was good. I guess if i am in the area, I would totally come here for the vibe, the spacious space and the cheap drinks but for my full meal I am heading some place else. But that i just me.
#REVIEW#We were heading to the theater and we picked a restaurant we were familiar with. We have been to the Roosevelt Field in Long Island location a few times. The service in the New York City location is not up to par compared to the Long Island location. Maybe we were place in corner table. We ordered mojitos and it took forever for our drinks to come. We ordered the empanadas sampler which was delish. Three different types shrimp, chicken and beef. Next we ordered ropa vieja and I ordered the pernil asado and a side order of sweet plantains Both dishes came with rice and black beans. The meat on both dishes were tender juicy and flavorful. Oops I didn't get my order of sweet plantains. "Sorry coming right up " I waited 15 minutes plus. I started to time him after my second time asking the waiter. The plantains Came after we almost finished  our meal. I said I didn't want the order. The waiter was pissed. Wow I saw it on my check and I asked that it be taken off. He made me wait guessing I had to go the theater. Well I had an hour before my show. I got off my fat behind and I walked right up to him and he gave me the correct check. This one guy cost one star.
#REVIEW#Very unorganized. Cannot accommodate a large party. They took so long serving us that we didn't have dessert.
#REVIEW#Excellent food and came out super fast! We ordered appetizers and they were all delicious! Service was great by Brandon, sub-par by other staff (didn't clear dirty dishes, refill drinks, etc.) Would recommend for a quick in and out.
#REVIEW#Came here before our radio city rockettes show and this place was packed. Luckily we made a reservation but we still had to wait at the bar for our table to be ready. Happy hour is from Mon-Fri 4pm-7pm and it's $6 for cocktails and wines. We ordered mojitos and sangria. Unfortunately you can't order the flavoured mojitos during happy hour.We got the ropa vieja, churrasco and picadillo. The dishes were amazing; extremely flavorful. There was a private event going on on the second floor so if you're thinking of renting out a place with good food, this would be it. Definitely coming back here again!
#REVIEW#The food was good but I wasn't blown away by it. However it is a chain restaurant, so with that in mind, it is overall a safe choice to visit when you're in area and craving Cuban cuisine. They also have decent prices for the location! You could easily get an entree, and when all is said and done, it can still be for under $30. The staff was extremely friendly, and they patiently waited for us to decide on our order even though the place was packed; we never felt rushed. It was pretty loud in there because of the live band that night, so if you're looking to catch up, get ready to speak up!
