#NAME#Taverna Kyclades - East Village
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/taverna-kyclades-east-village-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#greek,seafood,mediterranean#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#If you've never been to Greece and want a taste, or love the Cyclades but can't get a dogsitter for two weeks to go back, venture down to Taverna for the real deal. Hit all the classics spanakopita, Greek salad, best grilled octopus, then order whatever entree your heart desires. Amazing Greek wines full of volcanic mineral sweetness and fabulously named specialty cocktails. Kudos to the Jackie-O...if you've ever been to Mykonos you know what I mean! Pro-Tip: Stop in for lunch so you can try the (complimentary) Greek yogurt desert with sour cherry compote. OMG Pro-Tip 2: No Reservations so come early or late if you don't want to wait.
#REVIEW#Very fresh salad, good portions and great feta!The food served was delicious, however my jumbo shrimp was cold, which was very disappointing.Fried sardines were done nicely, we also ordered Bronzino, which is not my favorite, but it was cooked well! We loved the service and the complimentary dessert was very generous and delicious
#REVIEW#I've been to the original branch but this restaurant is just as good! Five of us went to get dinner on a Sunday a little past six and we were surprised to see the place packed! Seats opened up for us in about an hour - there are many coffee shops nearby so you can hang out there while you wait. We ordered Pikilia (assortment of pita dips), Fried calamari, Greek traditional salad, sea bass, and broiled filet of sole. Small size salad is pretty big and I'd say it's just enough for four people, so don't bother getting the large size if you aren't willing to consume a huge amount. Dishes were all great - my favorites were fried calamari and the sea bass.  As a side dish I recommend getting the lemon potato - it goes great with fish.
#REVIEW#Taverna kyclades is the most famous restaurant in Astoria in the heavily greek neighborhood so it's proven to be good. Obviously you can't really go wrong with this location either. This location used to be a lot busier but seemed to have slowed down a bit. Also, the menu price has gone up a lot more as well. I love how they display different types of fish by the kitchen area and you can pick your own. Also, the wait staff here are fantastic that they will explain all different types of fish available for you. They can filet and cook anyway you want. Appetizers are good but I find them pricey for the portion. $23 or more for octopus and almost $16-17 for vegetable chips which are literally fried veggies. Don't get me wrong, they taste awesome.  I think considering the portions, entrees are more reasonable. They serve huge portion for the scallop dish. And if you have the fish fileted, they vary from $40-60 but they are really good. Must try. It's a good place for low key dates or even with friends/family gathering. I just wish it didn't raise its prices.
#REVIEW#Walked by couple of times and saw this was a very popular restaurant, so I made a note to try it. Came in on a Tuesday night at 6:30pm with my friend, and the place wasn't too crowded yet but had several tables dining. We sat down and I noticed the variety of seafood displayed by the kitchen. There was also a nice bar where you can grab and drinks and wait for your party to arrive. When I looked at the menu, I was surprised to see this is mainly a seafood place and the prices were $25-$40 an entree which was a bit more than what I planned to spend that night but we already sat down so we were committed. Trying to strategize and try a bit of everything, we ordered one small salad, one appetizer, and one entree to share between the two of us. I think it was plenty because the entree came with a lot of fish!Very friendly staff, good food, and we got a complimentary dessert which was a nice surprise. Would come back and visit just to eat the app, it was a very very good dip.
#REVIEW#I used to go to this Astoria location when I lived in New York. Sometimes when I'm visiting I come to this east village location twice! It's that good. I recommend the Greek salad, the octopus, the lemon potatoes (comes as a side) and most of all the dips. The Astoria location is usually packed but the East Village normally has tables. Even on Saturday's.
#REVIEW#DEFINITELY ASTORIA LOCATION IS BETTER!!!!It is very dangerous when you are expanding your business and opening extra branches. When you know the original store and the portion sizes, you will always compare the new ones to original one! And you cannot serve anything less what you were serving before, then you get a bad credit!! Whoever reads this they will understand it, if you tried the original one!Definitely a clean restaurant, you can judge it how the restrooms are clean. But be careful, the floor tiles are not chosen carefully, they are slippery when wet!Grilled octopus is a superb, cannot go wrong with that.Cold appetizer plate is ok, could be better. Could have gotten something else instead. I love tarama salata, but the way they prepared is not right. The way you make is whip the red caviars with oil, then add the lemon to whiten it. If it is still salty, add a touch of water.Salad could be better, don't like the steak tomatoes, would be better with plum or roma tomatoes.Saganaki came without the flame!!Love the fried whiting, but with the portion size of the lemon potatoes, i got robbed.Overall ok, won't be back to this location, going back to Astoria.
#REVIEW#As close as you are gonna get to Greece!.This Greek restaurant is as close as you are gonna get to Greece. It is in the east village and steps away from the L train 1st Avenue stop.I went here late on a week day and got a table right away. The waiter was really nice and we ordered a to of food as everything looked sooooo good.We got:- Grilled Octopus - which is the best grilled octopus I had had in the states - Pita with dips - eggplant, Tzaki, seafood, garlic- Salad - Cucumber, tomato, olives, feta... this was just as you expected very good - Spanakopita - this spinach pie is now my favorite it has the perfect ratio of spinach to cheese I can eat this all day- Fried Eggplant chips with tzaki was so good it's like your pretending to be healthy cause it's veggies- Chicken Kebab with lemon potatoes -  those thick chicken pieces were grilled perfectly and full of flavor and the lemon potatoes were deliciousIn short:- Amazing Greek food - Best Grilled Octopus I have had in NY- Go here
#REVIEW#While nothing beats the Astoria location, this one isn't half bad. Two other people and I shared:+ large branzino (sea bass)+ saganaki (fried cheese)+ grilled calamari+ lemon potatoes+ beets+ large horiatiki saladThe sea bass was the only letdown (I found it super bland) but everything else was fantastic. We had more than enough food and took home leftovers. Complimentary dessert remains perfect.
#REVIEW#This was excellent, and large. We came and thought we were ordering a sensible amount of food, but the portions were way bigger than expected. We got the horiatiki salad (basically the Greek salad without the romaine), the octopus, the spreads, the Mediterranean sea bass with beets, and lemon potatoes. The starters were our favorites, especially the octopus, which is either the best of very close to the best I've had in New York. The salad and spreads were also great, as was the incredible pita bread that comes with the spreads. (The regular bread they start you off with was fine, but nothing overly memorable.) I really liked the sea bass as well, but the beets and the lemon potatoes -- while good -- weren't quite as amazing as I thought they'd be. (I also regretted getting the lemon potatoes as a separate order rather than just as a side to the fish, since the beet side was large and the potato portion was enormous.)I will say -- I wasn't crazy about the olive oil here, and I think if they used better olive oil, this might be one of my favorite restaurants in the city.You also get a complimentary dessert, but both of us were full enough that we didn't need it.Overall, a really great meal and I'd love to come back. (Given how great the octopus was, the calamari would probably be a priority on a return visit.)
#REVIEW#I havent ate there i heard the food is excellent but I gave it 4 stars on the strength of the service I got today..my co workers were there having dinner to strt there summer off and I was a little busy so I couldn't attend and also I was still on the clock so I cldnt enjoy me a nice drink so hell no I wasnt going I cant get a drink in lol anyway I went there hid outside like a secret agent lol and called one of the waiters to the door to take my card so I cld surprise them wit a bottle of wine one of the waiters looked at me like I had ten heads and said ok but never came back was it cause I was a black woman and evry patron in there was white I dnt kno ..thank god for two patrons tht were there so they went and got a second waiter cause they were also baffled that the first waiter never came back the second waiter had a white shirt dnt know if it's a difference because the other waiter had on a black shirt who never came back ..so anyway the second waiter with the white shirt im.so upset I didnt get his name took my card and  suggested wht wine to get tht was of reasonable cost asked me whom I want to say its from and he came outside to me etc he was so nice and professional he then asked if I wanted to stay while they receive it but of course I declined i had to get back and he came all the way back outside to give me the receipt and  card ..I also like the fact of how humble he was when I gave the tip i had to actually beg him to take it because he didnt have to do what he did and he cld of did what his co wrker did and looked at me crazy and yes me to death and never came back but he didnt he did the opposite and I'm appreciative of that and the staff loved the bottle ...so thankkkkkkkkkkkk you mystery server and taverna klycades shld be happy to have a employees such as yourself...
#REVIEW#The food here is absolutely delicious, as they do everything right.My husband and I usually share a fish with several sides when we come. Not the most romantic setting, and the service is rather quick in order to turn-over tables, but still very worth it.
#REVIEW#Excellent fresh seafood with large portions and friendly service in a relaxed setting. Manhattan branch of original restaurant in Astoria and often easier to get a table. The sweetened cheese dessert that comes with the meal is another treat to look forward to every time.
#REVIEW#I work around the corner from this place and walk past everyday for the last couple of years. My friend and I decided to pop in after doing our nails. The place was very clean and the decor was recognizable to the Greek theme. Our waiter Manny was very kind and helpful with the food selections. We started off sharing a small Horiatiki, which actually was a great portion size for 2. I ordered the fried calamari and lemon potatoes and my friend had the seafood pasta. Everything was great, very authentic and well prepared. The menu selection was quite large, so I will definitely be back again. We also had the specialty cocktails Jackie'O and the Santorini which were really great.
#REVIEW#Definitely a go to Greek place in the city if you can't track to Astoria.  Generous portions and fresh as can be.   They bring  hot grilled bread, which is carb lover's delight Greek salad and grilled octopus are a must.  Love the grilled swordfish although they slice it thinner than joints in Astoria.   I also enjoyed the broccoli rabe with feta, squeeze some lemon and you're good to go.   I ordered a side of feta and look how huge it is!  I was only asking for a small cup but got an appetizer size.   You get plenty of leftover and they pack everything very nice for you.
#REVIEW#Came here with friends on a Thursday afternoon. The menu on yelp is very outdated. I got the calamari with lemon potatoes. It wasn't as sour as I had hoped but not bad. My friends chicken kebab and salmon steak. They were huge and we waited 25 mins for it. It wasn't busy and the service was good.
#REVIEW#I was very impressed with this place. We got a nice seat by the window. The appetizers were fantastic and so were our entrees. It's family style, which I wish our waiter had mentioned. The service was a bit rushed. We weren't offered to see a dessert menu and there was no mention if we needed anything else. The server brought out dessert without a word and hurried away. They clearly wanted us out because they had a large party coming but certainly could have provided some insight.
#REVIEW#Was a little disappointed. I came in for lunch and ordered to go. I wasn't in a rush so I was not bothered, but the wait time was long and the server came over to apologize twice for the delay. They even added in a complementary Greek yogurt with blueberries to make up for it.Upon arriving home I realized that the Greek salad with chicken I order was not dressed or seasoned. There was also no dressing in the bag (thinking maybe they intentionally left it out). This left the Mel pretty drab and underwhelming. Also, with the time I spent waiting in the restaurant I saw quite a few Greek salads pass by on trays all dressed and seasoned.I also ordered the Pikilia which was ok but no real standouts. The complimentary dessert was actually the standout with yummy blueberry compote and fresh yogurt. Overall, experience was a bit disappointing but I think it was a combination of being busy in-house and rushing and me just not ordering the "right" dish to showcase this place. May try again but would order something else
#REVIEW#Incredible service and food, but few vegan options. I had the "Gigantes" (giant beans stewed in a tomato based sauce), which was so rich and comforting and flavorful. Even the non vegans who had so much seafood on the table were wowed by these beans. Also tried the lemon potatoes, which were good but had no wow factor. All were gigantic family style portions and the staff treats you like family here.
#REVIEW#They serve very high quality Greek style seafood in huge portions at a very reasonable price. I would highly recommend to come during weekday for their lunch special if you can make it. The $48.95 Kyclades Special is perfect for two if you would like to try a little bit of everything (stuffed clams & shrimp, lobster tail, sole, and scallops). Everything were seasoned just right!
