#NAME#Lure Fishbar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lure-fishbar-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,sushi,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#My favorite seafood restaurant and restaurant in general in Soho! I first visited Lure Fishbar for Restaurant Week in 2015 and have been coming back regularly ever since! Slightly hidden down a set of stairs by SoHo's fashion boutiques, you'll be transported to the inside of a very nice ship once you step inside. The menu is well rounded and offers something for every seafood lover, with plenty of raw bar and sushi options as well as cooked dishes. If you're looking to splurge, I'd recommend one of the shellfish plateaux and/or sushi bar combination plates to try a little bit of everything! Some of my other favorite dishes include the tempura shrimp (love the sesame mayo!) and seared diver scallops. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, though!Also worth stopping by for happy hour - come early to snag a seat at the bar!
#REVIEW#This place is amazing. the Location is great and its purrrfect for Fish/Seafood lovers. They also have a good selection of Steak and other Meat options.Sushi here is really good, delicious and fresh. The drink/cocktail selection is amazing. Smoke & trouble and Mayday (newly added) was by far delicious.Although we didn't try to appetizers they all looked amazing. Would recommend to choose the Sushi Rolls because they are tasty. Shazam and Hellfire roll were are choices last night.My partner got the Jalapeno Steak which was serves with white rice. I got the Nori Crusted Tune with Garlic Fried Rice, Broccoli, Citrus Emulsion - this was so good, I mean the texture and taste of everything was the best. I tried his steak and it was really good too. Perfectly cooked to perfection. No birthday dinner is complete without dessert. They had some good choices but had a special which was Baked Alaska, this was freakin' delicious. Perfect amount of sweetness to end a meal. The atmosphere can be loud depending were you sit. We sat in the back were it was a bit quieter than the rest of the space.
#REVIEW#The place is relaxing. It does look like a ship, or a yacht as I was informed. I was mesmerized by some plain ship windows, maybe thinking of taking a trip far away from everything.The food was good. Their choices of bread were pretty plain though, no cheese crackers, wheat and rye rolls, just plain white rolls and some cut-up baguette crackers. The waiter was nice, but he was a bit too quick to fly to the table as I was leaving to see how much his tip was.The atmosphere was relaxed. I wondered why so many plain people had dates paying them dinner yet for others, things are different.The food is overpriced.I'll return for more entrees.
#REVIEW#Lure Fishbar is a great spot for all kinds of seafood, sushi, raw bar, tempura, etc. if it lives in the water you can find it here. Always fresh, always delicious and always just as you ordered it. But the best item on the menu is not seafood, it is Lure's Bash Burger. In fact, Eater NY calls it a modern classic. Whether you go for the burger or the sushi or the oysters or whatever, you will have a great time with terrific food. The bar is terrific too.
#REVIEW#Had such a delightful brunch here! The decor is really on point - such a fun nautical vibe!  Also the brunch was not crowded or stuffy and there were several people dining alone bc it was that comfortable - very refreshing for brunch in the city! We started with the sticky sweet shrimp - to die for!!! We mostly stuck to sushi - we had three types of crispy rice and several rolls. Had all but the yellowtail crispy rice - really delicious! We had the hellfire which was our fave, dynamite roll which was second fave and the Alaskan king crab California and lobster tempura roll. Everything was really fresh and tasty. We had a few cocktails as well and they were well balanced and hit the spot! Will definitely be coming back!!
#REVIEW#I came in for a late lunch and grabbed a seat at the bar only to find out it was Restaurant Week! Usually I avoid the occasion due to lackluster service and reduced food quality (looking at you Delmonico's). But I am happy to report that Lure treated me exceptionally well and the food was outstanding! Heather was working the bar that day and she was warm and friendly. As patrons moved in and out, it seemed like everyone who sat down was a regular who had known her for years. I love that! The music was background, I couldn't tell you what it was, only that it was played at a low volume and was there only to compliment the environment. I decided to do order salmon for my appetizer and my entree. I started with the tartar. Excellent choice, there were shallots whose sweet crunch exploded with each bite, and they dressed the plate with an Aji Amarillo sauce. The pepper used as the base for this sauce is often seen in Peruvian cuisine, and it has a brighter flavor that stands out from other peppers like jalapeno or habanero. I love it every time I have it and it worked well here. My entree was a soy marinated salmon with Chinese broccoli and shiitake mushrooms. The dish didn't take any risks- it was just good quality food cooked and presented perfectly. It was also a large portion for the price. Between these two items I left very full, and also feeling like I had a healthy, wholesome meal. Their lunch option doesn't automatically include dessert, but you can add it for a supplementary charge (this is normal for places whose menus have a higher price point). I came back again for dinner and sat at the sushi bar. Loved getting to watch the sushi get made! Their special kumamoto oysters with wasabi leaf might be one of my new favorite things anywhere. It's got just the right amount of kick and brine, really luxurious.  They have a happy hour menu, I think from 5-7, that I'm almost positive includes oysters and other small plates.
#REVIEW#Great place for lunch but comes at a steep price!The food and service calls for 5 stars, but because of the pricing, I had to bring it down to 4. I heard about this place for years and finally decided to pop in for a quick meal. I realized I passed by many times before but never noticed the restaurant because it is not on ground level. The decor inside was very unique - designed like the inside of a ship with vintage vibes. The nautical theme was definitely not overdone though which I appreciated.Walked in without a reservation for lunch and was seated right away.Started with some signature oysters (the wasabi & jalapeno ones were my personal favorite). I got the branzino as my entree and it was DELICIOUS. The super creamy buttery but light sauce with the flaky branzino made a great combination. The sashimi combo was fresh and presented beautifully but I thought it was WAY too expensive for what it was ($68).Overall, I enjoyed my meal there and would like to go back for dinner one day.
#REVIEW#This review is probably more of a 3.5 stars but I'll round up. Ate dinner here last night, and it was good, but not *great*. I could see the possibility where others could have a better experience. Let me explain (and I'll try not to sound too negative). ATMOSPHERE: Lure is about 1 block from my office, so I've been planning on eating here for a while. The ambience does not disappoint. Everything is beautiful like the interior of a ship, seems like an excellent place to people watch. Problem is.. we got seated in the worst seats in the restaurant. I was facing a nondescript wood wall, we were elbow to elbow with the couples next to us, and our table was not stable (wish I were making this up). I guess this is just bad luck of the draw, so I can't hold it against them.SERVICE: our waitress was awesome, and water glasses were consistently filled. I'm not sure if it's what we ordered, but the service was kind of slow. We ordered around 7:10pm, appetizers came out around 7:50pm, dinner around 8:15pm. Great if you want to have a long conversation with someone, not so great if you are hungry. I don't think this is a positive or a negative, just FYI. FOOD: almost everything we ordered was amazing, with the exception of one item which was bad ordering on my part but really soured the meal for me. For appetizers, we ordered the Steak Tartare, Deviled Eggs, and Tempura Shrimp. I would recommend all of them. They were sooo good. Must order! For an entree, we ordered the Crispy Asian Snapper for 2. In fairness, I can see where people would like it. But it was not my kind of dish. Positives I will say are: presentation was great, and it was cooked well. I was expecting Snapper for 2 like I've had at other restaurants, which is a relatively unseasoned light fish. But this was exactly the opposite. The two things I didn't like were: it was fried, and heavily seasoned/spicy. It tasted like something you would get at PF Changs. I'm aware this is my mistake, I should have read the title better (CRISPY and ASIAN... duh Chris). Also, it upset my stomach. Honestly, it's the next day and I still feel kind of gross. I would recommend not ordering. If I could do it over I would have ordered the Surf and Turf. Definitely would have been enough food. If we had been lucky and gotten seated in a different location, and I had ordered the Surf and Turf or really any other entree, I'm relatively confident this would have been a 5 star review. But we did have some issues so I would give Lure Fishbar a 3.5/5. Will be back sometime in the future, and update this review.
#REVIEW#Imagine you want to get away...just sail away. On this trip you would be inside a boat with nice low lighting and gorgeous people everywhere.  Now you feel like incredible scallops and a delicious lump crab cake [which I'm currently addicted to these] along with perfectly roasted and sauteed vegetables. This is Lure. And while the inside of the boat thing seems over the top in ways it presents the diner with an experience that goes beyond ordinary.
#REVIEW#Passing through town and wanted somewhere to grab a drink an appetizer. Saw the sign and said hey let's try this place! Well it turn out to be a cool boat themed seafood restaurant.  Drinks were great! Seafood tasted fresh and delicious. We order a mixed platter and a couple rolls. Everything was excellent! I would definitely come back!
#REVIEW#Great place for dinner...ambiance and décor make it feel like you are on a cruise ship. From the port hole windows outside looking in, to the shape of the ceiling looking like a boat. Great service for the evening.Note: they will not seat you til your entire party arrives, so don't be late when you make reservations. Came here for winter restaurant week - the regular menu looks good too. My friends and I tried the Kenai roll and tuna tartare appetizers - both were delicious.Main course: Miso glazed salmon with snap peas and mushrooms. Added side of roasted brussel sprouts. Delicious! Had the lychee martini - strange that it was made with gin instead of vodka...strange tasting..prefer vodka instead. Will have to try another drink next time.Desserts were ok - mixed sorbets (raspberry flavor was the best of the 3) and apple crumble was ok.
#REVIEW#Holy. Lord. In. Heaven. What a great experience. The food was amazing. I love sushi but this place takes it the next level. We had rolls, sushi tartar and a few single pieces of toro. All of the food was really delicious.The cocktails are great - I had a some cucumber vodka thing. Pretty delicious. Then, because it was a celebration, I had some MacCallen. And it was the perfect compliment.Jacob was a great waiter! So attentive, helpful and professional. All of the service was really great.  Everything is super expensive. But you're in soho and it's a stellar experience.Can't take off any stars for the price, you know what you're getting into. This place is so amazing and I am a big fan.
#REVIEW#Lure made sure we were treated super special on our anniversary. The food was very good, but the service was spectacular! My husband and I came here during restaurant week. As soon as we checked in with the hostess, they greeted us with champagne. All of the wait staff was super attentive and friendly. The inside of the restaurant is also very cute and has a luxury yacht-like interior.My husband and I ordered the Tuna Tartare (with Avocado, Cucumber, Jalapeño, and a Sea Urchin Vinaigrette) and the Kenai Roll (Spicy Salmon, Cucumber, Scallion, and Crispy Shallots) as appetizers. Both apps were amazing! Light and refreshing.We also ordered the Lobster Fra Diavolo (Squid Ink Tagliatelle with Shrimp, Calamari, and Spicy Tomato) and the Nori Crusted Tuna (over Garlic Fried Rice, Chinese Broccoli, and a Citrus Emulsion) for entrees. The nori crusted tuna itself was OK. The fried rice didn't taste like fried rice. The rice also lacked some flavor. I preferred my husband's lobster dish over mine. The seafood on his dish was cooked perfectly and had a lot of flavor.For dessert, we ordered dark Chocolate Mousse (with salted caramel Sauce, candied Pecans, Cookie Crumble). I'm not a big dessert fan, but this was amazing! We also ordered the Strawberry Shortcake. I felt that the shortcake was a bit dry. But the highlight was that they put the words "Happy anniversary" on it. Their attention to detail made our anniversary even more special.Do I think their pricing is a tad on the expensive side? Yes.  Would I recommend Lure Fishbar? Yes, but preferably during restaurant week.
#REVIEW#I went here to celebrate my son's graduation and my homegirls birthday.. this place is really beautiful.. My server James was really attentive and very nice.. the interior is really beautiful and it does look like the inside of a ship.. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a great lunch or dinner..
#REVIEW#Favorite Oyster bar. Pretty pricey for dinner (your standard $$$ oyster bar) but if you go at Happy Hour you can get great quality food for reasonable prices!! Definitely recommend for oyster cravings I have yet to find a better spot in soho.
#REVIEW#This is not a budget conscience place. It leans to the expensive side. At  $20 for a martini you are not going to having a bunch. Our drink bill was over $100 and it was just my wife, me and two kids.Now the place. The sushi and sashimi platters were good. It came with fresh ground wasabi. My wife got the fish with fennel. Not a morsel was left on the plate which is unlike my wife. The homemade sodas my kids enjoyed. I would not get to filled up though on the meals. The deserts are epic. I ice creamed sandwiches made in house could be shared. The homemade ice cream is  yummy. My wife's desert did not stand a chance. I would return without hesitation, however next time I may grab my martini or a couple drinks else where first and save myself the 100.
#REVIEW#I don't particularly like Bloody Marys but this was the best Bloody Mary I've never had. It came with an oyster shooter.  Sushi was fresh- you are able to alter orders. The crispy sushi rice app and buffalo chicken lollipops were both really good appetizers.  Good ambiance- it gives the vibes that you are on a boat.
#REVIEW#Overall I give this place a 4.5/5But let's round up to 5/5 because we are almost there! Food was 4.5 and service was a 3/5 but I think this is because we didn't try too many dishes and just got unlucky with serviceOur server was attentive to an extent but not very personable to nice. So service was pretty crappy compared to how it should be of a truly good restaurant...For food, the highlights were the lobster Mac and cheese and the birthday cake (chocolate) and ice cream sandwiches. I would give the food a 4.5/5. Don't get sushi here, very mediocre and overpriced The thing that is the true highlight is the ambiance and interior. The restaurant is sort of in a basement but absolutely beautiful inside with wood paneling and dim lighting. It is meant to look like a ship inside and it sure does! Loved that part. Overall a trendy spot with great food and ok service.
#REVIEW#This is a quality place! I also got a shrimp tempura roll which was amazing. Our filets were cooked perfectly, and the sauce is so salty, it balances well! I would definitely go back here. The restaurant looks like the inside of a boat which is really cool. It's a good date spot and has high quality service and high quality food.
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC and South Beach!  Seriously everything is luxury and timeless.  The service is excellent!  From the moment you enter be prepared to experience what true upscale dining is.  I like to think I'm in a submarine but the decor is that of a liner which just echoes luxuriate and ease.  Everything is taken cared of. Today I came for brunch, the hostess was all smiles and engaging.  Lure serves a dim sum brunch menu alongside their regular breakfast/brunch menu.  Our table skipped the dim sum and sailed right through brunch with such delights as the Lobster Benedict, Benedict Oscar, Sushi Rolls, and the Cobb Salad. You cannot go to Lure and not order something from the sea & dessert. For dessert we shared the deep dish cookie.  Flavors darling, there is something for everyone.  To tell you about the ambience, service, food, is truly a disservice. You must add Lure Fishbar to your #MustEat list.  Not only because it is totally #HatApproved but because you will miss out on a dining experience food Dreams are made of!
