#NAME#Pegu Club
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pegu-club-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#lounges,cocktailbars,newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#The place is great! The drinks are amazing and everyone is professional. I go there with my friends to chill and it's one of my favorites spot in NYC.
#REVIEW#Pegu club 's entrance spot is hard to find!  Jk, its on the second floor where a long bar is sitted along with some tables and big tables. We came around 7 pm on a Friday night where there aren't very many people. Service is chill where you gotta pick where you wanna sit and they get you menu and order fast. We did the graphftuit cooler and aero pal xxx(I forgot)Both are summer drinks which is perfectly for summer. We loved itThe ambient is nice but too noisyOverall 4 stars
#REVIEW#The Pegu Club is amazing. I've been here a half of a dozen times and continue to be impressed by the quality of their drinks and their chill, speak easy(ish) vibe. My absolute favorite drink is the English Earl Gray Marteani...it has such a unique taste, and the foam from the egg whites make it sweet and heavenly.The venue, as a whole, is fairly large, and they have several, spacious booths, which are really nice if you want to come here with a group of people. The drinks are a little on the pricey side, but its NYC...so let's face it, anywhere that has palatable, delicious drinks, good music and a comfortable vibe, will be $$$.
#REVIEW#Pegu Club has been at the top of my list since I came of age in NYC. It's widely known as being one of the original speakeasies to champion the art of mixology in sexy, secluded digs. Every cocktail book I read and many cocktail bars I visit cite the excellence of Pegu Club. If you see "started by Pegu Club alum..." in the bio of a newly-opened bar, that brings a certain amount of prestige and notoriety to the place. I've been to Death + Co, Angel's Share, Attaboy and the rest countless, but somehow I went without my first Pegu experience year after year, until this past Saturday. For whatever reason, I expected it to be basement-level with a much velvetier aesthetic. It actually turns out that Pegu Club is on the second floor of building with a nondescript entryway, and the interior feels very sleek and modern. The drinks options abound (especially if you plan to try some bartender's choice creations) but make your choices quickly: if you're here during peak time, it'll take a while. A fabulous place for a date if you're both into expert mixology with a price tag. While I don't fully buy into the hype around this place, I can still appreciate its influence and its staying power.Came here with the bf at 10pm on a Saturday night. The placed was packed, and standing by the bar proved to be quite the challenge. Pegu Club spans a sprawling second floor of an unmarked building on Houston Street. Personally, I think the space could be organized a bit better to allow for more seating, but I liked the layout overall. Dim lighting, good music, intimate but not romantic. It seems pretty impossible to score a table here, but standing by the bar can be uncomfortable--fair warning. The area in front of the bar is narrow and also serves as the pass-through space for those walking to and from the bathroom, so it can get cramped. Not to mention, other patrons are ruthless when it comes to bar seating. Being polite and generous will win you nothing when it comes to scoring a seat. This all said, the bartenders will do their best to accommodate you--the floor plan is not their fault. Just get yourself a menu and get to work!There's no online menu unfortunately--at least not an updated one with detailed ingredient lists. So I'll do my best to recount the night. I remember my first drink best, which was a spicy gin drink. Savory with a hint of sweetness, spice from some red pepper. Pretty much my ideal spring/summer drink if you ask anyone who's drank with me since the beginning of time. That baby was a no brainer and my only regret is that I probably sucked it down too fast. The bf got a Clover Club, which is a safe choice but nonetheless fabulous. Also gin, but this one frothier from the egg white, delicate, floral and fruity. Our second drinks were of the bartender's choice variety. I honestly don't remember much about the ingredients other than the fact that they subbed whiskey for whatever liquor led the charge in the original concoction. I remember that it was spirit-forward and well-balanced, and that it took ages to arrive in my hands. When I'm anxious to receive food or beverage, I'm likely not going to take the time to jot down mental notes after receiving it. I just go for the plunge. Pegu Club is a great place to get the classics. They do them as well as anyone out there. The drinks here aren't as complex and new age-y as those at newer cocktail bars, but every last thing here is executed flawlessly. It just depends what you're looking for. I've been spoiled lately  with what seems like a dizzying array of infused spirits and syrups, creative use of spice and some molecular gastronomy, and you'll find none of that here. But I can see why it was a big deal however many years ago it was that it opened and it's clear that the original crew has great vision. This place was groundbreaking and laid the foundation for the city's robust cocktail scene. Most of your favorite places would have remained in the dream stage if not for this place, and for that I am grateful.
#REVIEW#My boyfriend and I tried for a walk-in on a Saturday night during the holidays and got in right away. I had the Honeydew daiquiri, which was great. We also shared a few dishes - the sloppy duck, crispy squid and deviled eggs. The duck (in the form of two sliders) and squid (basically fried calamari) were amazing, but I was let down by the eggs. They were just nothing special. Service was good and the ambience is very romantic/lounge-y.
#REVIEW#I was in the West Village and searching for a cocktail bar to go to to end the night. Pegu Club did not disappoint! I'm not the best when it comes to direction in the west village but the place wasn't hard to find especially with a bouncer outside. My boyfriend and I ended up trying their earl grey cocktail which was so good! You could really taste the earl grey. I wish I had more room in my stomach to drink more of their fun cocktails but it was close to the end of the night. Pegu Club is open pretty late and when I went there was a lot of seating by the bar. I can't wait to come back to try more of their drinks!
#REVIEW#Pegu Club was really one of those first speakeasy / fancy cocktail lounges to start the cocktail club movement in NYC and the rest of the country.  AKA, it's one of the originals. I made it a point to come here a few weeks ago as it's been on my NYC cocktail joint hit list, and actually made a second trip a few days ago with friends visiting from Houston.  The atmosphere itself is cool - overlooks Houston street, dimly lit, a mix of bar, lounge and table seating, but starting to feel a little dated against all of the new and shiny-er cocktail places that have emerged and been inspired by this place over the years.    But you come here for the drinks.  There is true artistry and  science that go into developing cocktails like these.  I went for the Pisco Punch, which had pineapple infused brandy, grapefruit, lemon juice and lime. I loved it so much I ordered it again a few weeks later. And one of the best things about Pegu Club is HAPPY HOUR! So few of these fancy cocktail lounges have happy hour, where you can snag a cocktail for a cool $10 instead of $16.  Don't quote me, but I believe happy hour is from 5-7 during the week. But totally worth dropping in for a drink before dinner.
#REVIEW#I came to meet a friend here and walked straight past it, given the somewhat hidden door on the left side of the street. At first, I thought, "Where IS this place" but then I saw that it was hidden in plain sight. Good sign. The venue itself has a lounge vibe, almost like a speakeasy, and feels fairly intimate. The drink menu is inventive and fun. I ordered a Pisco Punch (theirs is made with whiskey), which was super refreshing. This is a cool place to grab after-dinner drinks.
#REVIEW#Cute spot to grab drinks. The front door is hard to spot- it is right next to dos caminos and you go up the stairsto enter the bar. Dim lighting- prob a good spot to grab some drinks with friends after dinner, etcThey had a hh special for the cocktails on Sunday so $10 a pop or else I'm sure it's standard NYC pricing $15 ish a drink. If you like speakeasies you will prob like this place as well!
#REVIEW#Haven't been here in a while so seeing this pop up reminds me that I have to go back This place is incognito... dim... sophisticated... great for a date  to get cocktails . Actually someone brought me here for a date lol. Will be back soon for a more recent and detailed review Cheers
#REVIEW#After having dinner in the area we were not quite ready to call it a night, my friend mentioned this place so we decided to stop by. after a small walk since we needed it after dinner we arrived here glad the place was not crowded we came in & sat down in the front area.Drinks we went with the Earl Grey MarTEAni .. this is a very interesting drink it's earl grey infused gin, lemon juice & raw egg white quite tasty & gives u a very nice buzz.as for the place very cool laid back vibe, dimly lit, good music playing along with very nice comfy seating. A common factor in the reviews seems to be the service, seems as though not so great for some for us it was good, granted we were only here for drinks.Prices are a bit pricey on the cocktails ($16) hurts a bit since you really can't get too crazy otherwise u will find yourself with quite the bill. We enjoyed our drinks & time.
#REVIEW#Okay, first of all I thought my date was taking me to Dos Caminos because the entrance for this is pretty discreet. Either that, or I wasn't paying attention well enough. Anyway, I love the ambience in here! The bartenders are very attentive and helpful. I loved the way the bar was set up with books displayed with the bottles. I had a Gin-gin Mule which was delicious with a little bit of heat. My date had the Maria Mezcal, which was also really good. Definitely want to come back here at some point!
#REVIEW#I've been meaning to come here for a while and finally got the chance to! It was everything I imagined and more.Granted my experience might have been different since I went on Easter when not many people are out, but it wasn't crowded at all and the service was very friendly. Ricky, the bartender, was able to not only make the delicious drinks on the menu but come up with original cocktails based on my preference. He got it right every time and they all were amazing! Out of the cocktails on the list though, the Black Pearl was definitely my favorite.I would definitely come back here again, especially on days when Ricky is working. Tell him what you like and he will make something amazing for you.
#REVIEW#This place was so great for our afternoon cocktail stop. The cocktails were very well constructed and the flavour palettes were fantastic. We were disappointed to find out that several menu items for the "snacks" were sold out so early in the day before the evening even rolled around. Over all we had a good experience. The only reason I docked a star is that service was sub par and the missing menu items was a huge let down. If you're just going for drinks and cool ambiance. I recommend it.
#REVIEW#This is the first of the reviews I'm doing to the places I went to celebrate my birthday week this year. I have to say this place has a classy vibe. Its big and cozy. The bartenders are nice and attentive. I only had one too many of the Earl Grey MarTEAni and it's to die for. It tastes exactly like earl grey tea with a boozy feeling. It is purely delicious. If you're a tea fan like me, you must get it. It's so addicting. I couldn't stop having it. The place is sorta pricey but it's worth it. I will stop by here again just for that martini. It made my birthday extra boozy and extra special.
#REVIEW#Good drinks, nice location and atmosphere! Perfect for a night out with friends.If you like your drinks a certain way, also feel free to customize the cocktails to your liking :)
#REVIEW#Terrible place, terrible service. Racist attitude towards our group even though we had ordered several rounds of drinks. They told us we were creating a "disturbance" even though we were NOT being loud and honestly the service was despicable!
#REVIEW#Really enjoyed this place. The pegu Classic is a delicious gin-based drink with lime and ginger.And orange bitters. Angus Stora
#REVIEW#Awesome place. Great music. Great drinks. Highly recommended. Classy place. Cannot complain.
#REVIEW#Gorgeous, opulent with a speakeasy feel & ambiance, Pegu delivers on many levels.Arriving earlier in the evening granted us the choice of prime seating selection; however, it was nearly packed upon leaving.What I liked about Pegu's atmosphere was the option to choose a comfy sofa seating or table with chairs.The ambiance was cozy, sultry and definitely sexy. Again, a speakeasy kind of ambiance.Pegu  is known for their creative craft cocktails and the Piquante was the one that hit my eye as it was spicy. I was glad i could substitute vodka for gin. The cocktail was served in a gimlet type glass---looking quite elegant--and very delicious! Nice spicy kick. A limited food menu was also available and we tried the crispy calamari (with a chipotle mayo) and the scallop sliders (just 2). I must say the food (appetizer portion but not appetizer price), was delicious.In summary, Pegu can accommodate any occasion--a date, night out with friends, casual get together or a celebration. Must visit.
