#NAME#Thai Villa
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/thai-villa-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#thai,asianfusion,vegetarian#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Thai Villa redefined Thai food for me. It was fresh, flavorful, and packed with spices and herbs! There are a lot of reasons why you should come here.1) The Atmosphere - This place is hella romantic and really gorgeously designed. I love the gold heart chandeliers, the candles, and the overall design. Though they really packed people in, it never felt crowded outside of the waiting room. 2) The Service - I am someone with a bad mushroom allergy, fish allergy, and shellfish allergy. Because of this, most Asian food is off limits to me. I can usually find a few things to pick from on the menu, but it always feels super limited. When I mentioned my allergies to the waitress she was extra accommodating! She took the time to break down what I could and could not eat, and confirmed with me the whole time. Since everything is made fresh, it also meant a lot more was able to be chosen from as they could just omit fish sauce or mushrooms. She also made sure my cup was never empty. Great service from everyone.3) The food - oh my god! Where do I begin? We split the chicken satay and that was a huge win from the start. Their peanut sauce was amazing and the chicken was perfectly seasoned with turmeric and other spices I probably don't know the names of. For my entree, I went with the Basil Eggplant with beef. My partner got a noodle dish that I'm blanking on the name of. Both of them were heaven on a plate (though mine was way better as evidenced by the photo of her stealing from my plate while my camera was eating. We also went with the trio of sorbet and it was so fresh and delicious. You can really tell that everything is made fresh with real fruits and vegetables. I absolutely loved it.4) The wait - So Thai Villa was on our list to try for a while, but when I saw they were on Yelp Waitlist I jumped at the chance to go. We hopped on the line while I was still at work, arrived and checked in. While we still had a bit of a wait once we arrived (10 or 20 more minutes), it was better than the 2-hour wait we heard them quoting couples walking in off the street. Made everything so much more convenient and accessible.Highly recommend going here! I made the lucky mistake of coming once and now I know my girlfriend will want to come again and again!
#REVIEW#Perhaps I'm just a simple uncultured diner, but I don't think the food here is that great. I feel like I'm paying for the facilities, the decor, the service, and the fine dining experience, more so than the actual food itself. Luckily, I was invited here so I didn't actually pay for it.We ordered an appetizer to share - I don't quite remember the name, but know it was a type of vegetable dumpling - and it was beautiful-looking, with a blue color that really got us intrigued and curious. The taste was so-so, and the dipping sauce was alright. Nothing I couldn't get from a decent Thai restaurant. The server was super nice and friendly, though we were very confused when she took our dirty utensils away after we finished the appetizer. We could've just used the same chopsticks and saved them some water. That was a bit baffling.Then I ordered drunken noodles, served in a bowl-shaped display, garnished with some herbs (I think). It was really cool, and I marveled at how once I deconstructed the dish there was more than noodles than I thought. The taste was, again, so-so. I don't remember it very much, actually, because it was good and unimpressive.I wouldn't visit the place on my own or with friends for a casual hang out - I think there are cheaper places with the same food quality, but I'd probably take someone who's never been to NYC here for the glamor of this restaurant.
#REVIEW#Honestly one of the best Thai places I have been to. Though they don't take reservations on Friday and Saturday night. Last time I went I was asked to wait for about 2 hours. But one time I was seated immediately at the bar. Guess it's all about the luck haha.Food wise, the appetizers really set Thai villa apart from other Thai restaurants. I tried their curry puff and the calamari. They both were above and beyond my expectation. Green curry was good as well! I thought I can handle spice, but their spicy is off my chart. Would recommend medium or lightly spiced.They also have very interesting cocktails.Would definitely go back again. Only if I can make a reservation tho haha.
#REVIEW#Upscale and beautiful! When we got there around 6 PM, we were told that there would be a 45 minute wait. We went on a walk around the area and were notified via text that our table was ready. The interior was astoundingly beautiful! Golden decor pieces hanging from the ceiling shimmered in the dark lighting and intricately carved wooden panels separated the different sections of the restaurant. We were seated in the upstairs area and had a great view of the downstairs. The service was top notch. Waiters brought us a small appetizer that I found to be extremely unique. We were served cubes of watermelon that were topped with dried fish crumbs. An interesting combo that surprisingly worked! Waiters also brought us wet towels to clean our hands with. Our entrees were prepared extremely quickly and were served before our drinks![ The Amethyst ] I loved the frothy texture and would recommend this to someone who likes lightly sweetened drinks.[ Pad Se Ew with Vegetables ] The price of the dish varies depending on whether you get vegetarian or protein. I really enjoyed the sweet and salty flavor of the dish but it was almost a little too salty. There was a good amount of vegetables mixed in with the noodles.
#REVIEW#Possibly the best Thai place in Manhattan proper not just because the ambiance is lit but also that authentic Thai menu. I'm in love. And they change it up quite often. You know when you walk into a Thai restaurant and the first sense you encounter is the smell of fish sauce that this will be good. And then the glowing leaf chandelier is just a nice touch.They have all the traditional American Thai food alongside a fabulous, ever changing, hard to find Thai menu that I usually end up ordering from. The papaya salad is pretty close to the Som Tom I've eaten in Thailand. I've tried multiple times to find the one since I came back from Thailand and this is probably close to the best (outside of Queens).
#REVIEW#Beautiful place for slightly upscale but still affordable Thai! (their lunch special includes an appetizer and soup or salad with an entree, for the price of just that entree). We came to celebrate my mother's birthday and it was the perfect spot for the occasion. We ordered+ vegetable crepe dumplings (wrapped in purple rice noodle, looked and tasted great)+ curry puffs (I liked this the most of everything we ordered)+ penang curry (a bit too salty for my liking)+ royal pad thai (wrapped in a crispy egg batter. I liked that it was not too salty or sweet, as pad thai's sometimes tend to be) + mor khang taro (a taro cake served with coconut ice cream. In yelp photos and according to the waiter when I asked, this is bruléed. However, it was not served that way, which disappointed me, and the portion size was tiny. Still tasted good -- the coconut ice cream was the star of this dessert)You should definitely join the Yelp waitlist before coming, as there is bound to be a long wait. We came only 30 min after opening, but still had to wait around 15 min.
#REVIEW#This place is so beautiful! I recommend going here for any special event. Be aware it is hard to get reservations if you don't plan ahead! I called them a few days ahead but we couldn't get any since we were a party of 9. So we decided to go with it and get to the restaurant early and hope to get seated. It was risky but worth it. In the end, we were able to get seated once our entire group arrived. Service was really fast and we were just in awe of the beauty and decor around us. I felt like we were dining in luxury. Lol As for the food, I got red curry with chicken. I thought the portion was decent for the amount I paid. While my red curry was very tasty and creamy, I kept comparing it to my favorite red curry. In my opinion, while this shop had tasty curry it's not my favorite. We also got drinks and oh my... these were very strong. I swear mine was just all alcohol but I'm sure others would've loved it. It was just too strong for me. I would go again if I'm in town! Such a gorgeous restaurant!
#REVIEW#The best Thai food in NYC is found at Thai Villa, that is an indisputable fact. I came here one fateful Sunday with my sister, boyfriend, and dad and even though all four of us have wildly different taste buds and food preferences we ALL unanimously agreed that the food at Thai Villa was extraordinary (mind you, we each ordered different dishes, so this conclusion is based on an assessment of FOUR different meals and all four hit the mark). I won't write a lengthy review because I just don't think it is necessary. If you love Thai food you MUST go to Thai villa, period. Trust me, you will love everything about this restaurant: the beautiful decor, the ambiance, the fast and attentive service, the ridiculously DELICIOUS food, the desserts... everything is top notch. I enjoyed the tamarind duck and eggplant dish that I got that evening so much that I went back to Thai Villa and ordered the exact same dish two days later for lunch. Let that serve as my fair warning that the food here is addictive.
#REVIEW#Busy with stuff my face with Pad Thai yassssssss!!  didn't take enough food pics . Oh well next time . Hahaha Always have a great time at Thai Villa! They served refined contemporary Thai cuisine with a modern twist, royal pad Thai is a must try! Also recommend fried calamari so delish!! This interior is so beautiful !! All the golden leaves hanging from the ceiling with  classic south Asian decoration. Very insta friendly !  Our server is nice and sweet, always checking on us make sure we enjoy our dining experience. Def will come back ! Ps : they do walk-in but for large party please make reservation at least one week ahead.
#REVIEW#Swung by Thai Villa for an impromptu dinner on a Tuesday night. Expect a wait as this spot is super popular -- you can add yourself to a waitlist right out of Yelp!First off, ambience: 5/5. Much of the staff is Thai, providing you with an authentic experience. The interior is stunning, with an open main dining area with high ceilings, surrounded by cozy elevated dining rooms.For food, we started with the soft shell crab salad. The dish was nothing special. Soft shell crab itself already packs some serious flavor, yet they added this sauce that - in my opinion - was too salty. Would have been better with less sauce. For mains, we got the chicken red curry and pad kee mao. I love thai food and both of these were 5/5. Both have a respectable level of spice and the pad kee mao has thicker than usual flavor with deep flavor.Now the reason for the 3*... we found a hair in our red curry dish and the waiter took it back. They prepared another serving, and after digging in a bit we found two more hairs! I didn't make a big deal of it (the food was delicious), but was a bit shocked that this happened twice. I was digging through the dishes, and seriously examining the hairs (and myself) to confirm I was not crazy.I'll def be back - will update this rating if all goes well and the food is again tasty.
#REVIEW#I've had Thai Villa bookmarked for a while - it periodically crosses my Yelp feed and one of my colleagues has been there multiple times with nothing but great things to say about it. My experience with Thai food has been really limited, and because of all the amazing things I've seen and heard from Thai Villa I made it a mission to try it out. My mission was completed when my colleague and I planned a lunch here. Located in the Flatiron District, Thai Villa is a very popular restaurant. I've read here waits for a table can be over an hour, and in order to be fair they don't accept reservations on Fridays and Saturdays for dinner. We decided to opt for a Sunday lunch both to secure a reservation and to not be too bombarded with crowds. We arrived at noon which was right when they opened so we were greeted with an empty restaurant, though it quickly filled up. I know it goes without saying, but the decor was stunning - lots of intricate wood coupled with accents of gold, reds, and an impressive water feature out front; it was over the top without being tacky. I couldn't stop looking around - the aesthetics were a total yes.  Since it was my first time, our server explained the menu to me. One section has starters and entrees that one would find at most Thai restaurants, while another section contained more specialty, "privileged" entrees (and I assume more authentic). I was going to take full advantage of my visit and honed directly in on the latter section. We decided to start with the Mieng Kum which were lettuce cups filled with coconut, pepper, shrimp (I think) and other things. They were pretty good - the leaves were super raw looking and the filling looked kind of dry but it really came together when you ate them together (which is what we were told to do). Nice mouthfeel and good flavor. For my main I had the Goong Ma Kham - ie. shrimp with tamarind sauce. This dish was really good - the shrimp were huge and the sauce had great flavor. It came with a side of jasmine rice which helped since the sauce was on the thin side. The dish had a number of accents but all the flavors worked together really well. Service was great - everyone was really friendly and our food came out at a great pace. Overall, I was super impressed at Thai Villa - the aesthetics are amazing, the food is great, and the service is a yes. My first journey into authentic Thai was a success, and I would definitely return to explore more of their menu.
#REVIEW#Boy, seats here aren't the easiest to come by - they don't take any reservations on friday and saturday, and a pretty long wait during peak dinner time. I went with a friend on a wednesday night, put ourselves down on the Yelp waitlist around 7 pm, and we were seated around 8:45 PM. That being said, definitely use the yelp app to use your time efficiently. Once you're in, it is actually a really nice experience. The decor is beautiful, with a heavy gold color scheme. For how crowded the restaurant is, I felt like I was never rushed by the waitstaff, and the food came out in a timely manner. The appetizers and salads here are delicious:1) Thai Fish Cake - extremely flavorful, and as a warning, more spicy than I expected. Could eat by itself, but the sweet chili sauce and pineapples only added more depth!2) Chicken Satay - juicy chicken, paired with a classic peanut sauce or cucumber relish. Awesome part about this appetizer is that it comes with grilled brioche that you can use to soak up all the marinade/sauce.3) Grilled Shrimp salad - has a lot of the staples (red onion, lemongrass, cilantro) and acidity of most thai salads, but this was special because of the prawns (so fresh and meaty!) and the caramelized pork belly.Entrees:1) Royal Pad Thai. Probably one of the most ordered dishes here, but I was less than impressed. Visually, it is a crowd pleaser because of the egg net draped on the noodles, and the prawn perched on top. However, I felt like the pad thai was too sweet, there was too much egg in comparison to the noodles, and the dish was pretty lukewarm. 2) Crispy Five Spice Duck. Much more satisfied with this entree - the duck was delicious and the skin was crisped perfectly. The eggplant is flavorful, as it soaks up the tamarind sauce. you also get some lotus root chips!Dessert: Not sure how often they rotate desserts, but get the mango sticky rice if it is available. The mango was super ripe and every piece was enjoyable (there weren't any super fibrous portions). And yes, I did have a thai iced tea. It was refreshing, but I would say less sweet in comparison to those offered at other Thai restaurants.
#REVIEW#I have been wanting to come here for SO LONG. Every time I stopped by, there was always a long wait of a few hours. Last Sunday, I was so determined to try Thai Villa that I arrived as early as 5:45. Luckily, the wait was only a few minutes (I also used yelp waitlist feature to cut line). Sadly the food is underwhelming. Royal pad Thai - 6/10 The royal pad is no more than a noodle version of Japanese omurice. It is wayyy too sweet for me. The shrimp on top of the noodle is also cold and flavorless for some reason. Beef curry - 7/10 The curry has good portion (aka large chunks of beef), but it is just a normal curry that can't "wow" anyone. Interior/service The interior is delicate, but is not as grandeur and spacious as I expected. The service is good though - personable and efficient. I have to say I don't think I will come back any time soon. It is better than average Thai food, but it is not worth the 3-hour wait
#REVIEW#Came here during dinner time and it was an hour wait! They weren't taking reservations anymore when we called earlier in the day. We waited and it was definitely worth it! The inside decor was beautiful and I loved the ambiance. I ordered their pad Thai and it was delicious! It was a large portion and they made the dish really pretty (see photo)! I sat by the bar because we didn't want to wait any longer and the workers there were extremely friendly! Will definitely come here again!
#REVIEW#Tried coming here once during dinner service on a weekend and quickly turned back after being hit with over an hour wait. This time around, arrived during opening hours at 5pm on a Saturday - still a line, but was immediately able to get a table for two.Interior is as lovely as the pictures had shown - decorated well without being overbearing. Immediately after sitting down, was handed the menus where they explained all the sections in great detail. Didn't want to overindulge ourselves, so settled on just entrees. Before getting the food, they served a watermelon starter sprinkled with dried seafood. Interesting contrast that got the appetite going. For the main course, ordered the "Ped Ron" ($28) - a large marinated crispy half duck served with tamarind sauce, eggplant slices, and white rice. Duck is surprisingly meaty, as most places only give you a small quantity. Eggplant absorbed the tamarind well, altering the flavor in a good way. Overall enjoyed the meal and the quick service. Probably wouldn't wait in line to get here, so if you're lucky and there is no wait, a good spot for dinner.
#REVIEW#Some of the best Thai food I've had in the city. My one complaint if any is that I don't think they listen when you specify a spicy level. I've ordered my curry everywhere from mild to extra spicy and I'm pretty sure it's been the same each time (ends up being somewhere in the moderate spice range). My favorite thing to order is the green curry with chicken, but I've had the massaman and Panang curries as well and everything has been great. The lunch specials are an awesome deal and can easily be stretched across two meals. For $14 or so you get an appetizer, soup/salad, and large portion of an entree. Last time I ordered sticky rice for an additional charge and I wouldn't recommend it - the rice was fine but the portion was small and I didn't have enough with my curry.Place is stunning on the inside so dining in is great as well. This is some really good central Thai food and delivery is consistent. Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#I love thai food and this is honestly one of the best thai places in the city. Let's start with decor - it is absolutely beautiful. They have chandeliers and decorated walls - a perfect setting if you're looking for a nice place for a date. The food itself was also very good. I loved the pad thai I ordered but it was definitely on the pricier side of thai food especially in the city. If you're coming with a group, you have to all be there or you won't be seated. And it gets very busy here (especially on weekends) so make sure you try and beat the rush.If you love thai like I do, this is a MUST try place!! Ambience: 5/5Price: 2/5Food: 4/5
#REVIEW#I've ordered from Thai Villa multiple time because I love the food, first time eating here however and was no disappointed. The restaurant is very well decorated (see photos). Really inviting unique atmosphere. The food as expected was great. Drinks menu was Thai inspired. Very flavorful. I particular went with the old fashioned. The price was a little steep. This Thai food is very good. Tasted delicious. Nothing wrong with it, but there are other more authentic cheaper options out there. Great as a date spot for the ambience. Prices is more of a $$$, but overall recommended.
#REVIEW#The ambience is really nice, we got seated on the second fl and it's very cozy. The service and the food are good! My friend said their curry is one of the best ones she had, and she has tried many currys.The cocktails were a good balance of alcohol and flavor.
#REVIEW#The food here is a little pricey, but it's worth it! We ordered the papaya salad, red curry, green curry, and pra ram. The papaya salad was fresh, bright, and delicious. I would definitely recommend getting this to start. The green curry was insanely spicy, so if that's not your thing, don't go for it. But the red curry had a pretty good spice level. Both were sweet and creamy. The pra ram was absolutely fantastic. I have never had it before, and after eating here, I crave it all the time. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful inside. Their layout makes it good for both date nights and small groups!They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait during peak times. For a party of 3 on a Friday at 5:30 pm, we waited about 45 minutes.
