#NAME#BaoHaus
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/baohaus-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,taiwanese#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Such a cool spot, and it was made even better when my friend revealed that this is Eddie Huang's joint. (Loved his book and the show based off of his book) There are stickers/graffiti on the walls which makes for great pictures. It is a pretty tiny spot, which makes it for intimate hangouts. I loved absolutely everything about this place. Service was quick, they only took cards, and the food was bomb. My friend and I stopped here for a snack before dinner. We got the birdhaus bao and fried fish bao. Delicious! If we didn't have dinner plans already, I would've definitely tried more baos! Sooo good!
#REVIEW#Please for the love of god get an air conditioner unit, especially since there kitchen with the fryer is in the same room as where people sit. I scarfed down my food as fast as I could because I just could not stand to be in that hot humid restaurant any longer. The food is pretty good, but not worth the price point ! You can get similar baos elsewhere.
#REVIEW#Gotta support my mans Eddie Huang! I'm a huge fan of his - love and respect his writing, loud/hilarious opinions, food, brand, content, etc. - so my review may be a LIL bias but hear me out.As a fan, I've attended a couple of his free, public speaking events here in NYC. One at Macy's for APAHM and the other at the Google Hardware Store pop-up. Hearing him drop wisdom is always a treat. The icing on the cake at these events, however, was that they were catered by his very own BaoHaus. How dope! I'm sure he didn't have to do that, but he hooked us up and I still SO appreciate that. It truly elevated the overall experiences. I've had the Chairman (classic pork belly gua bao), Birdhaus (fried chicken) and Uncle Jesse (tofu) baos, minced pork stew on rice, Ten Ren teas and AiYu jelly lemonade - all on the 8th floor, Home Dept of Macy's and/or the Google popup in Soho last year. Of course free food is always more delicious, but... that doesn't take away from the fact that everything really is so good. This is food that accurately represents us as first generation Asian Americans.In between these fun events throughout the past couple years, I've dropped by the actual restaurant a few times to happily pay for anything and everything. Unfortunately one time they were closed temporarily to prepare for a catering event (ironic!) and another time we came by around midnight on Saturday to find that they only had tofu left. But there were a couple of more successful ventures, where I picked up the Manager's Meal (~$14) and taro fries (~$4.50). Can be a bit pricey but the Manager's Meal is 100% worth it. It comes with a HUGE slab of pork belly, minced pork AND fried chicken - 3 proteins and veggies over rice! Again, an Asian American version of the classic Taiwanese bento box which I can get behind. Super filling and yummy. I always recommend Baohaus to friends and I have to come back soon to try the fish bao... getting so hungry thinking about it all.
#REVIEW#Oh my; years after my first visit.. it looks like they still have the problem of "not being ready". We arrived at around 5PM with a decent sized group looking to get some baos but when I walked in they said they were in the middle of a shift change and to return at 5:30..Ok no problem but again this was a problem with my first visit years ago... We returned around 5:50 after having a drink down the street and once we got there they still advised us they would not be ready for another 15 minutes.. They went ahead and let us order but again we did not receive our baos until about 6:15pm.I ordered the birdhaus, chairman and spiceland bao. The birdhaus bao was also ordered by 2 of my other friends. We both agreed this chicken was extremely dry and so tough which made it incredibly hard to eat as well as lacked flavor. The chairman bao was alright - the pork could've been better. The spiceland was the most tasteful one but again - chicken was very underwhelming and dry.All in all - I knew i should've have ordered after they told us they were in the middle of a shift change. They really should just update the hours here and close for an hour to 'prep' for dinner time. This 2nd time was def my fault, and I think this will be my last time trying Baohaus.
#REVIEW#BaoHaus is a cool spot! I had seen it on videos here and there and finally had a chance to check it out. The place itself is pretty tiny with a hipster/grungy vibe (dark, loud music, black walls covered in stickers). It is order at the counter and the food comes out pretty quickly.I ordered the Spiceland Bao (fried chicken) and the Uncle Jesse Bao (fried tofu). They were both delicious!! Super flavorful and a mix between savory, sweet and slightly spicy...yum. I also tried a bit of the Chairman Bao (pork belly) which comes with a huge, super fatty piece of pork belly which was also delicious but not my taste. The Baos are normal sized but with pretty hefty fillings, so 2-3 would be the right amount depending how hungry you are. 1 would be perfect for a snack too!Overall, BaoHaus was pretty bomb and I'd definitely recommend checking it out if you want a quick but delicious meal. The food is super flavorful and prices are about what you'd expect. Next time I definitely wanna try the taro fries!
#REVIEW#My only problem with this place is that I walked in too full for more than one bao. I had the spiceland. I'm kind of a weeny about hot stuff, but it sounded so delicious that I had to have it. I used SO many napkins, but it was 100% worth it. It was just the perfect amount of hot and bread to soak it up. Besides the food, I love the vibe. The place is small and kind of dark but there's hip hop blaring and photos and articles plastering the walls. I sat around after we were done eating just to soak up the ambience. I can't wait until I'm back in New York so we can go again and get that Lang Lang tea. It's s must-stop on any trip.
#REVIEW#I'm so confused at the horrible reviews of this place. This is by far the best bao I've ever had (and I've tried many) the flavor is unique and simply delicious. I love the spicy chicken, regular chicken and pork baos, I haven't tried anything else. I've been here more than 10 times and each time I'm happy and satisfied.Yes, this place is tiny and bathroom even tinier. BUT everything that people are complaining about, are things that give this place its character. This is one of the places I take all my friends who visit NY. Normally I'd say listen to the reviews but in this case, don't! Go here and get a bao - you won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#Is it good? YES. Is it pricey? Yeah! Is it small? Duhhh. I love a good piece of pork belly, and BaoHaus does it quite well. On both occasions, I've had pieces that were absolutely tender and easy to bite into, but at the same time...is a baby piece. It looks like it's bursting out of the bun, but the bun itself isn't that big. Eating one won't satisfy you, but eating two pieces of almost pure fat also isn't satisfying either!Very small space, narrow counter/ordering setup, and you'll smell like grease if you decide to stay there to eat.
#REVIEW#Looking for fluffy Taiwanese sandwiches, BaoHaus is the place to be! Its a small restaurant/bar that serves Baos, Rice bowls, Fries, and Drinks! They have 5 different types of Baos: Chairman Bao (porkbelly), Birdhaus Bao (fried chicken), Spiceland Bao (fried chicken + szechuan chilli oil), Uncle Jesse Bao (fried Tofu) and Fried Fish Bao! We tried two of the Baos: Chairman Bao, the pork meat was a thick cut and very fatty. Our favourite is the Birdhaus Bao, the chicken is tender and juicy. The Bao's are on the pricey side and for that I wish the Bao's were bigger. Service is mediocre. If your looking for a snack, this is the place to be!
#REVIEW#Your little greasy-unhealthy-localized yet yummy-quickly-friendly restaurant!I almost missed this place as the entrance was rather small. The environment wasn't pleasant as it smelt oily - but hey this is a shop for friend chicken and pork belly!Got a minced pork belly over rice with fried chicken. It wasn't authentic-not Taiwanese, but it was tasty! The pork belly wasn't too fatty which I like, and the additional fried chicken (+2) wasn't too salty nor saucy.The rice bowl also comes with some cabbage and pickled vegetables. A little overcooked but the taste was good.The portion was large and the service fast & friendly. No complaint with the expectations of a little fast-food-like place!
#REVIEW#I went with the birdhaus Bao and the spiceland Bao. Both were really good. Chicken was crispy. Birdhaus Bao was slightly sweet. Taro fries were really good too. Being slightly more starchy, taro fries were crispier than French fries. The sauce which came with it was very flavorful.There is a restroom in the corner of the shop. That is the smallest I have ever seen. There is no light or wash sink there. Use it only if there is no other go.
#REVIEW#This is a great little spot for a quick bite! The baos are flavorful and come with lots of meat which is great. It is VERY small inside though, and super dark. We ended up sitting at the table (there is only one table and a small bar area) with some strangers, but it was okay for a quick snack. I'm looking forward to coming back here to try some of the other flavors!!
#REVIEW#I love the aesthetic of this place! The walls are covered in graffiti and flyers/stickers supporting local businesses. There was music blasting in the background and they play good stuff too! This place is card only so keep that in mind. The guy at the counter was chill and made our food right away. We ordered the birdhaus bao and it tasted so good! The fried chicken was crunchy on the outside, yet moist and delicious on the inside. He put the perfect about of mayo on the bao too so it wasn't overwhelming. It's a little pricey for one bao, but it was totally worth it. I'd definitely come back for the bomb food, cool atmosphere, and fun music. Also there's a gender neutral restroom too which is awesome.
#REVIEW#This place is a hidden in the wall food place! We've heard good things so we wanted to check it out! We got the chairman's bao and the chicken bao and omg ! The pork meat was so big ! The price is about $5 but it is so yummy! And I was even more surprised as to how good the Chiken bao was ! It was so CRIPSY and so JUICY! we loved it so much we got the spicy chicken bao too and if you ever want baos this is the place to go!
#REVIEW#Came here with a friend for a quick bite. The bao are a little on the pricey side, but it was very delicious and the portions of the bao were very generous as well. Personally, I think that the service could be a little bit more attentive or even be more friendlier. When the order was ready, they put it all in a to go box when I asked to put it in a tray and when I opened the box, it was all messy as if they just threw it in the box after making it, but I guess when you've had a long day and tired and it's still busy, sometimes it could show. Even though the place was a little small and narrow, the service was very quick. Baohaus definitely has the vibe on lock.I got the Chairman Bao which & The Spiceland Bao. The Chairman Bao had a humongous slice of thick pork belly so when you bite into it, you get a wall of flavor, juices and a fat smile on your face all at once. #FoodPornThis bao is definitely on the of the top picks and must haves whenever you go. The Spiceland Bao used chicken breast which was lightly fried. Usually when chicken breast is cooked it tends to be dry. When I had the Spiceland Bao the chicken was super juicy large chunk of meat with a lot of aromatic spices. If you've ever had popcorn chicken at a milk tea spot or a Taiwanese small bites cafe, this is exactly what you are eat but 8 times the size. I definitely would give this place 4 stars but the service to me wasn't very great and for me it is a very important factor in the experience of eating at the restaurant. This could easily be adjusted so I think I would come back in the future, just maybe not anytime soon. I would hesitate to recommend my friends and family here to Baohaus for a quick snack or a light meal because it is delicious but caution the service.
#REVIEW#Yesterday i saw this place on my way to the nugget spot and decided to see what it was about. I wasn't disappointed. I ordered two Cheeto fried chicken bao buns and OMG!!! what an experience that was. It was bOMB! A little pricey at 5.5 a pop, but damn was it delicious! The bun was soft, there was a little bit of spice coming from something i can't remember. The chicken was dusted with Cheeto (which could've used more to me) and the slaw that came with it was delicious. We only had one each because we were going to get nuggets also. But i would definitely try this again. It looks to be limited time, so i suggest you get there quick. Madddd good lol
#REVIEW#BaoHaus is very hipster-y and has a bit of a different vibe from the average Asian establishment. We're living in Eddie Haung's world. The place is small, dimly lit, and has underground hip-hop music playing. The servers dance, posters are pasted on the walls, and it generally looks like a Hot Topic storeMenu is straightforward and one page, ordered:- Chairman Bao (3/5). Yummy but a little too much in terms of the ratio of pork belly fat to meat. The first bite was good but it started to numb my mouth- Birdhaus Bao (4/5). Tasty and similar to other baos I've had (e.g. Ippudo on NYU's campus) Is it the best gua bao spot? Probably not, but it's worth a visit to try something familiar, yet different
#REVIEW#I had the privilege of being a lucky recipient of a couple bao buns (thx sister ) that I would have been happier off not knowing it was from here.I found the chicken itself quite salty, and missing in acidity. Some extra sauce would've been nice, like barbecue sauce, a tartar sauce, idk something. Maybe some onions? Peppers? Idk. It would have been nice for these buns to have some crunch.As for the tofu one, it would barely rip as I chopped off the rubbery patty. I am seriously hoping it was just an unlucky experience on my end eating it as a leftover, rather than this being the experience for every consumer. It wouldn't have hurt to have some crunch of veggies in this one either. As for saying I wish I didn't realize where these buns were from, I really mean that. Ignorance is bliss and knowing that Eddie Huang, the ceo/famous food enthusiast that he is, is allowing this kind of mediocracy to be running, is disappointing to me.
#REVIEW#Went for LunchFood - 5/5. Bao buns were small or might have just seemed small due to the gigantic meat that is placed between them. Buns themselves were fluffy and held well even when lifted with the large fillings. Chicken had a lot of crunchy fritters for its batter and the meat was well seasoned and juicy. Aioli gave the chicken a little creaminess to balance out the crunch. Pork belly was rendered extremely well. Every bite was rich with pork flavor and had awesome balance between meat and fat. The skin had a slight crust to it for texture that remained super tender. Both of the baos had sprinkles of peanuts and red sugar which added a delightful little crunch, especially to the pork belly, with a hint of sweetness.Service - 4/5. Low-key service where they call when your order is ready. They were kind enough to bring the food to our chairs.Value - 5/5. These delicious baos with their huge chunks of protein are only $5.50 or less. A few of them will satisfy your cravings although you might want more because they are very good. Great little eatery!Parking - Street (Free)
#REVIEW#I ordered the pork belly bao and the crispy chicken bao.the only redeeming part of that meal was the pork belly - seasoned well, fatty, just what i was looking for. the only thing i disliked about that bao was the pickled mustard greens, couldve done without that.the fried chicken bao was SO bad - dry af chicken, plain mayo, the entire thing was dry dry DRY!!!i rly love Super Taste in Chinatown for their pork belly baos, if i were to come back to baohaus i'd get ONLY the pork belly bao, sans pickled mustard greens
