#NAME#ilili
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ilili-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mediterranean,lebanese,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Fantastic food.We went here for a team event with a set menu, shared family style. Everything was delicious and portions were good to share to be full or stuffed. You can't go wrong with anything you order. The highlight for me was the salmon and salad.
#REVIEW#It's been a minute since I last dined at Ilili. I came for brunch with my girlfriends and it was fantastic. They have a special where for $31 you get coffee/tea/freshly squeezed juice, AND a drink, AND an entree, AND a side. We went HAM.Their eggs are fantastic, especially the kashkaval dish. Their hummus and veal bacon are delicious. Also...you must get the brussel sprouts and the warm eggplant mezze dishes. SO good.
#REVIEW#Abosoutley amazing food and great service. Took my friend there for her birthday and we were overly pleased. We got the mixed grill which was just enough for two. Also got the hummus with lamb, falafel (my favorite) and the black iron shrimp. Did I mention the food was super good? I mean I'm hard to please when it comes to food but this place was great. The service definitely made the experience even better. Shout out to the Director of Service: Melanie Acuna. Truly amazing.
#REVIEW#Went for a group lunch and was pretty impressed with most of the food, less so by the portion size, but I can't say for sure whether that was the fault of ilili or whoever planned the lunch.We started with our choice of a (non-alcoholic) beverage. I opted for the cucumber drink which was delicious and refreshing. Next came babaganoush and hummus with these amazing, pillowy pitas. Both were amazing although I preferred the hummus. Then came falafel and black iron shrimp. The falafel was great but no traditional. Black iron shrimp was amazing but the portion size meant that everyone got like 1.Then, the gnocchi and beef and chicken skewers. The gnocchi was mediocre, beef and chicken skewers were heavenly and cooked perfectly. Portion size was a problem here too; there were two skewers (one chicken and one beef) for every 6 people. Dessert was a clotted cream with fresh fruit and rosewater. This was not a crowd favorite; the cream was described as "whipped cream that had been left out for days." We were sat at this very long table that was kinda blocked in, making it nearly impossible to use the restroom or have room to move around during the meal. The rest of the restaurant was beautiful; our area not so much.All in all a great lunch. Would return.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite Mediterranean restaurants in New York City is ilili, a Lebanese eatery where tradition meets creativity and sophistication. Chef-Owner Philippe Massuod has created a menu that not only sticks to his roots but also adds a contemporary flair fit for the glitz and glam of New York City. While the menu boasts delicious hummus options, decadent lamb variations, fresh seafood courses and beautifully seasoned and cooked beef dishes, my absolute favorite dish at ilili is their Brussels Sprouts which are cooked with Fig Jam, Walnuts and Mint Yogurt making for an insanely flavored packed bite that'll have you salivating for more. I wasn't a huge Brussels Spout fan until having the Ilili version a few years back.Your best bet to get a table is during the lunch hours or mid-afternoon. For dinner they typically are quite booked so definitely make reservations ahead of time.
#REVIEW#I'm a big fan of ilili. I've been here multiple times now for different occasions and its always been a great experience. The food is excellent and the venue is extremely spacious. No rubbing shoulders with the table next to you when you're eating and plenty of cozy seating in the front area (by the bar) while you wait. And the other great parts about the place are the expansive menu options and consistently good service.Most recently we came for the $31 prix fixed brunch which comes with a non-alcoholic drink, alcoholic brunch cocktail, entree and a side.  I always recommend the hummus as a side/app because it comes with piping hot, fresh out of the oven poofy pitas. The burger and potatoes (batata harra) were excellent - they were both was flavorful enough that didnt need any additional sauces. And we ended with the knafe bil jibneh which is described as an inverted cheese tart on the menu. Really it's a hunk of cheese (almost mozzerella-y in flavor and texture) baked into a super crunchy semolina crust with syrup poured over it to be absorbed within. Not what I expected but I liked it, especially the crust. It's quite dense so it's be shared with at LEAST 2 people. (There were 5 in our group and we barely finished it).
#REVIEW#Usually I can't find many filling vegetarian options at Lebanese restaurants but I was happy to find there was plenty of options here in the appetizers and at least one for an entree. We shared 4-5 appetizers including the warm eggplant, fries, chankleesh, cauliflower dish which I can't recall the name, and we all split the gnocchi. This was more than enough food. I was surprisingly full from all the apps. The cocktails were light and refreshing. It was a nice place to meet for a drink at the bar or lounge and for dinner. Finally, I'd have to say service was great. Even if waiting for a table, there's a nice lounge area in addition to the bar to relax and have a drink.
#REVIEW#The positive reviews for this venue are beyond comprehension. Service reeks of pretentiousness and exudes an overtly unwelcoming vibe for those who they deem to be different from the rest of their visitors. Unaccepting of diversity, bottom line. Highly ironic that a restaurant located in Manhattan, a place that celebrates and embraces all cultures would spew such condescending vibes. Period. Went for a group dinner with friends with HIGH expectations after reading these reviews, which I feel were clearly written by people who have yet to dine at ACTUALLY amazing, trendy and memorable places throughout the city. What a shame. I put a lot of time into deciding on this venue and felt it was a must-visit restaurant given its lovely decor, round table arrangements and central location in Manhattan. Never was I so categorically wrong about a place in my life. FOOD: Extremely average (!!), and simply decent for the $$$ prices. The menu was clearly well thought-out and had a full range of options but the pita bread served for the table was probably the only memorable item at the table. SERVICE: Service was dismissive and subpar with all of the plates just added to the table at once with no indication of what was which and for whom. Because we don't often have Mediterranean food, it would have been great if they at least told us what the dishes were as they arrived. VIBE: The crowd in the dining room was mostly lots of family/somewhat of a more mature crowd And QUITE homogenous so our group probably stood out against the rest. Moreover, the staff was not the friendliest as I did notice quite a few side glances and condescending stares from the waitstaff even though we were just trying to have a normal dinner. One lady I noticed consistently watched our table as if we were intruding on their space. Totally unwelcoming, blatantly judging in every way and unprofessional beyond words. Im glad most of my group didnt notice this during the meal as I would have been utterly embarrassed for picking such a restaurant for our evening. Without question, ultimately the restaurant is apt for a polite dinner with parents, work colleagues/clientele but even so, the food is truly unremarkable, service unwelcoming. With tons of options in the nyc dining scene, one should never have to compromise by settling for what, from my experience has been a wildly overrated venue. Im glad I checked this experience off my wish list but safe to say, there's NO reason to go back or recommend it to others. The one plus was that the round table format for large groups.I seldom leave unpleasant reviews but felt this was absolutely justified. I doubt this one bad review particularly aimed at their unwelcoming service and condescending glances will change any attitudes or management style there. Im writing this to give potential customers a heads up on what they are walking into should they ever be FORCED to dine at this place. ***Honestly, even one star is one star too much for this establishment*** So yeah, if you'd love to dish out $$$$ for bland food, as you're being judged/watched from all directions from the waitstaff feel free to make a RSVP on Opentable! :)
#REVIEW#Great Mediterranean and began friendly restaurant Our waitress Lapna is just the best super attentive , we went for Father's Day celebration and we had a great dinner . Hummus ,pitas , roasted eggplant with molasses . My Salmon was not that great but overall we loved everything about this beautiful restaurant
#REVIEW#I went to ilili for a dinner birthday party in a small private room.  The room was decorated beautifully to look like a tent and it fit our group of 16 people perfectly.  Everyone had a great time.  They served a selection of hors d'oeuvres when we first arrived, and then, after we sat, they served the appetizers and main courses family style.  It worked perfectly.  Then everyone got their own dessert plate.  I do recommend the restaurant.
#REVIEW#We had a great brunch at this restaurant. First, the place is beautiful. Second, the staff was super friendly. Our waiter was helpful and gave us the best tips. We decided to try the brunch deal, which is a bargain when comparing to other dishes' prices (USD 31 for coffee + cava cocktail + brunch entree + one side). Their pita bread is perfect. My overall experience was from 4.5 to 5. Here the dishes I tried:The truffle eggs benedict (5 stars): The eggs were perfectly cooked, truffle flavor was on point and the bread well done. Arugula was little bit over salted, but I enjoy this way.Side 1 - the veal bacon (5 stars): I was not sure about trying a veal bacon, because pork bacon is amazing. However, it was a big surprise. The veal bacon was so juicy and had an amazing flavor. I can have this for breakfast everyday. Side 2 - makenek lamb sausage (4.5 stars): It's a lamb sausage with pine nuts. It is a strong flavor and can take over someone's entrée. It was well seasoned though. I will come back for brunch. Maybe I would try dinner sometime.
#REVIEW#Ambiance: 5/5Cleanliness: 5/5Food: 3/5Service: 4/5Value: 3/5Came to ilili with high expectation from all the great things I've heard. Started with a Fresh Meadow drink - delicious, amazingly clean tasting drink. Then ordered the hummus, which I was slightly disappointed in, and tuna tartare - which was a little more on the sour side for tuna tartare, both appetizers were good, nothing fantastic. Ordered the duck shawarma, delicious, the sauce inside was amazing, by far my favorite dish. Overall the food was good, not amazing for the hype I've heard, but definitely worth trying
#REVIEW#I dont have much to add than my follow 5 star yelpers. We went for a business meeting and it was a perfect setting for that and I shall return with my family and friends and well. The food, ambience and service was impeccable. I tried arra(the Lebanese white wine) for the first and it was amazing, all the dishes and pita were spot on, we tried a lot of dishes on the menu; lamb chopes, falafel, raw lamb, various types of meat balls, one of my co workers is Lebanese and he ordered a lot of stuff for us. There was one pomogeranote sauce on a chicken liver dish and it was to dieeee for so so good. Overall thanks to co worker I have a new fav restaurant.
#REVIEW#This place has shiny and glimmering interiors. It's quite busy on some evenings. I have tried the brunch here and dinner, both at the bar and at the table. The service was good. Their hummus was good and the pita they came with were fresh and fluffy. Babaghanoush was smoky. I loved arak, the sambuca like alcohol. It was not as strong as absinthe and refreshing to try. The batatas with herbs was delicious and the mix and matching one can do with dishes here is good. The riz with vermicelli and nuts brought back old memories of my neighbors would cook in same style. The flavor of something as simple as rice was welcoming. The brunch dish which had lebanese pancake was more like crepe. I loved the scone and orange marmelade (may not be the right term for it) it was served with.
#REVIEW#Server Alek's made the night fabulous. When it comes to fabulous service this server takes pride in what he does and he does it well.He made the night extra special by choosing some of his favorite dishes. And allowing us to taste (he nailed our palettes) and then he proceeded to stop by and see if all was okay. Excellent service and greta food.
#REVIEW#Back in NYC and back in ilili, again food and service was amazing. With all the choices and after trying few other places, we ended there and enjoying every single bite.
#REVIEW#This is a posh, beautiful restaurant and because of it, I had high hopes. The brunch deal was fantastic but I just opted for the Awarma. The food came out and the portion was minuscule--with the pita we asked for it became a good size, but the arugula salad was super plain and overall I was really disappointed. Still a 3 for beautiful decor and decent price.
#REVIEW#I came here for an event hosted by 6plus. The food was fantastic and the staff was very hospitable and attentive. The decor in the room upstairs was so sultry and Mediterranean! We got to sit on pillows on the ground or on the seats by the wall. It was just a lovely vibe that came alive with all of the people bustling throughout. I knew I had entered a special place. Food was great. I'd recommend the felafel (it's square and crunchy!), shwarma, chicken shish taouk, moussaka, and fattoush. Their food is so fresh, exotic, and delicious! Dessert was a letdown actually. There were candy bars, pistachio mousse thing, lemon semi-freddo, a very dry brownie, and baklava. If you must get dessert, I'd go for the last one.Can't wait to go back for a sit-down meal! Walking through, I couldn't help but notice the huge, inviting, sexy space that would be ideal for a group of people looking to get dressed up and wined and dined. Ilili is definitely a diamond in the Flatiron rough.
#REVIEW#Wow. This was the first place I have been to in a LONG time that I was seriously impressed by each dish. Most definitely my new favorite meal in NYC. My husband and I split 4 dishes and were totally full afterwards - mainly because of the hot fluffy pita they kept refreshing for us. We ordered: Mouhamara - I've had better homemade but this was still really goodWarak enab bil zeit - adorable mini size packed with flavor, the best grape leaves I've EVER hadKibbeh bi laban - amazingly deliciously yogurt sauce, but could have done without the butter in the center of each dumpling. After the first one it kind of grossed me out how much butter I was consuming - it also got into my hair because when you bite into it, the butter oozes out.Duck shwarma - the complete winner of the show - WOW this was amazing - one of those things you never want to end. I will come back a million times over for this dish! With all of this all being said - I hated the decor & vibe. It felt swanky, but kind of disheveled. My husband and I were seated upstairs and the room was awful - crowded, poorly decorated, and seemed like it was just extra space to cram more people. We almost said something but we were sort of crunched for time and very hungry so we kept the table as is.
#REVIEW#Great, easy decor, friendly efficient staff and very good small plates -- each distinctive and delicious! We'll be back!
