#NAME#Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/del-friscos-double-eagle-steakhouse-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak,newamerican,seafood#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#One of my bucket list NYC steakhouse reviews. Del Frisco's did not disappoint.  Upon walking in the waiting area the hostess immediately asked us if we would like to check our work bags. We had no idea you could do that here.  Wewent over to the coat check area and checked in our bags picking up a token and giving the hostess a nice tip.Upon being seated we immediately were served with a nice large loaf of fresh soft sesame bread. Brian was our waiter this evening and he did a fantastic job. We ordered the tuna tartare appetizer as well as the chard octopus. Both dishes tasted fantastic. The octopus was extremely tender and surprised me as most places in the United States do not do octopus as well as Mexico. However, this dish was almost as good.For a main course we ordered the 45 day aged prime ribeye medium rare. The meat was wonderful and you could taste that very distinct umami aging that 45 days generates. Each bite was bursting with that aged flavor.  We also ordered some horseradish which goes fantastic with aged steaks. I have had aged steaks from 27 days to 90 days and I think 45 is the magic number for the best results v time waiting value.We ordered the mushrooms and lobster mashed potatoes for the sides. The mushrooms were seasoned nicely with a red wine reduction sauce and the lobster mashed potatoes had heaping mounds of lobster and gravy over the top the mash.I paired my dinner with a Pinot Noir out of Willamette Oregon, one of the top producing Pinot areas in the world.The Service was fantastic, everyone was friendly, and the food was absolutely amazing. If you want a top steak experience while in New York City, this is the place not to miss.5 stars
#REVIEW#went here about 5-10 years ago in dallas and was REALLY hankering for steak since i had a bad experience about a month ago. i needed to undo the damage. what always stuck with me was how good it was when i went to the location in dallas.also i need to note, DO NOT GO TO DEL FRISCO GRILLE. that is a TOTALLY different concept and place. this is del frisco DOUBLE EAGLE.anyway nyc has a ton of places for steak but the yelp reviews were INSANE and still made this place stand out, 2K reviews AND a near 5 stars. i dont htink any other steakhouse beat it which is why i went. in addition, one reason i picked this place over club a steakhosue, same reviews and score, is because of the number of sides. crab cake - OVERRATED. dont get it. skip itribeye american wagyu was bomb.edu (.edu is when you know it's serious)fries were fries so get something else. the mashed potato looked beyond your typical mashed potatobrussel sprouts were too legit to quit.au gratin potatoes are probably what id get if i could do it over againbutter cake is great but magnolia is across the street and they use real crack in their banana pudding so id go there. service was STELLAR. i forgot the gentleman's name but he used to live in carrollton tx. probably the best service i had in a LONG time and it was just me and a family member. he was so so good.ORDER: wait staffJEANS: you'll see a few tourists wearing whatever which is ok if desperate but id try to avoid a tshirt, wear like a button down and jeans.
#REVIEW#Came here with my mom when we were visiting NYC per a recommendation from a friend. We went here to celebrate our March birthdays and decided to treat ourselves to a perfect dinner. Wine selection is extensive AND expensive. Be prepared to pay if you want to drink.We started with ahi poke and wonton crisps. This isn't hard to mess up  but damn did they do a great job preparing it. The bread that they serve is also A1. (my mom and I think we are bread and butter connoisseurs ) We than moved on to the Filet Mignon (10/10), Lobster Mac & Cheese (20/10),  Thick-Cut onion ring tower (10000/10). After we killed all the photo, they surprised us with dessert and champagne (complimentary) Let me tell you, this dessert was 3 FULL SIZED desserts that were all amazing.If you're in NYC, you need to come here!
#REVIEW#I had a very disappointing experience. My date and I arrived for our reservation at 8:30pm on Saturday and was told they were running 30 mins behind. They did NOT honor my seating request that I made weeks in advance which I had confirmed on the same day as well. We started with sesame bread and butter which was nice. - VIP (pineapple) Martini: DISGUSTING. What is the hype over this?? It did not taste like pineapple but liquid sugar and water. For its price I really should've sent it back. - Jumbo Lump Crab Cake: Very good. The only reason why I'm giving this place a 2nd star. It was almost ALL real crab meat. Not too salty or saucy. Although it was kind of heavy with the mayo, my date and I really enjoyed it. - Filet Mignon and Prime Rib Eye steak: Both took about an hour to arrive and our waiter even tried to make a joke out of it. It was served on a piping hot plate that "continues" to cook the meat. Our server made us cut the steak to ensure it was perfectly done. My only complaint? They tasted like it was throw into a bucket of salt....... - Sauteed Spinach: Off the menu item and the worse mistake ever. It tasted like it was cooked by a 5 year old. The spinach was drenched in lemon so sour that we barely took a second bite. The wine book is VERY extensive and stressful to go through but it's great for you wine connoisseurs. Our waiter was very nice. Overall I had higher expectations. I would not recommend this place.
#REVIEW#Came here as a plus one to a media event and was pretty excited to see what Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse had to offer.  Heard a few great reviews from coworkers who went so this was my opportunity to experience it.  Essentially had a rundown sample of a whole menu and there's not a single thing I didn't enjoy.  In fact, I was definitely the only one at the table clearing my plate each time.  There are too many items to break down one by one so let's just say none of the items disappointed.  Would definitely recommend anything and everything on their menu!  Venue was held in the basement of what used to be a bank vault which is now surrounded by wine racks with wine!  Upstairs is pretty packed with the after work crowd and even at 10pm I didn't see an empty table in sight.  Items I had an opportunity to try:Starters: Pacific coast cobb, rainbow poke bowl, miniature dry aged burgerEntrees: roasted heirloom cauliflower steak, chef's fresh seafood preparation, del frisco's steak tasting, "The Double Eagle" 45 day dry aged prime ribeyeSides: Lobster Macaroni and Cheese, creamed cornDessert: chocolate hazelnut crunch bar, lemon cake, butter cake.
#REVIEW#I think this place is a little more hyped than what it actually delivers. They treated us nice as far as us celebrating a birthday and the card they gave us was very sweet ! The wine, steak and salad was "good" but this is Manhattan and there's better. I highly recommend the cheesecake it was so damm good !  As I know a vegetarian doesn't belong in a steak house sometimes you have to take the hit for someone celebrating a birthday and come to a steakhouse. Del Frisco's pasta primavera I highly suggest not ordering. It's not good. If your a vegetarian get the salad and leave it at that. I don't recommend the mashed potatoes as a side it was a bit bland. The wine list is extensive and you can't go wrong! I don't think I would come back for the price you pay there is better places, but staff was very sweet. I love the jelly bean jar in the front.Bottom line: THE VALUE AND QUALITY FOR THAT PRICE IS NOT WORTH IT.
#REVIEW#We made a reservation when we first booked our trip. This place is really great! It was easy to find near Time Square and in the heart of all the Broadway shows. We ordered drinks to start. I highly recommend their house martini, I forgot the name, but it's vodka marinated in ripe pineapples. That was one of the best martinis I've had! My husband swore by their old fashioned. We wanted to get the double eagle ribeye but didn't have enough time before our show so we got the 32 ounce bone in ribeye instead. It was so good. Cooked perfectly amazing flavors. We ordered the crab cake and Caesar salads. Really good flavors. Although our crab cake looked like was missing a chunk out of it. We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese which is a must! After seeing the onion rings floating around, I wish we'd have ordered those too! We were celebrating our anniversary so they brought out a complementary dessert which was a chocolate crunch cake and a butter cake with butter pecan ice cream. The only thing I was wishing, was they asked us which dessert we wanted. I really wanted to order the lemon cake. The service was great. For some reason we had managers stop by 3 times. They were very attentive and made sure our table was clean, glasses were full, and the food was done right.Exceptionally fancy bathrooms, there was a room attendant! Very nice. Total cost with tip was $355.
#REVIEW#Made reservations for 7:30pm and got right in. Service was perfect. Loudest restaurant I've ever been in though. It was crazy.   Lobster bisque for a starter. Delicious but a bit of a spice kick to it. I got the filet mignon. It was perfect. So tender, perfect outer crust and cooked just the way I like it. The butter on top added that extra flavor and creaminess to it. The hubs got the wagyu beef sampler plate. He said it was probably the best steak he's ever eaten. The different salts on top were amazing. We got the lobster Mac and cheese to share and I was underwhelmed. I wish we had tried something different because I didn't care for the after taste of the Mac and cheese. We were too full to try any dessert.
#REVIEW#I had done some extensive research for a good steakhouse to visit during my trip to NYC, and I came across Del Frisco's and its good reviews. So I decided to book a reservation for my Husband's and I anniversary dinner. And I'm so glad I did!We made reservations for 7pm a Wednesday night, and were seated within minutes. We were promptly served water, and our waiter came by to greet himself and ask if we would like to see the wine menu. There is an extensive wine selection, so finding something will not be a problem. My  husband and I chose a bottle of champagne.  Instead of having an ice bucket with the bottle at our table (limited space did not allow this), our waiter would take the bottle back to keep it chilled and would refill our glasses. A nice warm loaf of bread and butter was brought out to our table, and my goodness, was it delicious! Definitely hard to stop eating it!Our waiter did a fine job explaining the menu and answering all questions we had. Both hubby and I decided on the 8oz filet mignon, cooked medium. One cool feature is that the filets are served on these very hot plates, so if you find that that you need to have your steak a little more cooked, you can just cut down the middle and face it down for about 10 seconds. And you have the perfect steak without having to send it back! I also had the crab cake, and everything was amazingly delicious!Since we were there for our anniversary dinner, a dessert plate with a butter cake and dark chocolate cake was brought out. The dark chocolate cake was really good, but that butter cake was just out of this world! No shame to say that we ate that huge thing!Overall, we was very happy with my visit, that we came back for a second time during our stay in NYC!  Once again, our expectations were met! I highly recommend Del Frisco's!
#REVIEW#Visited from CA for the wife's bday and unfortunately had a poor experience, specific only to the execution of their specialty 32oz, 45 day dry aged "double eagle" ribeye ($140). Everything else about the experience, including John the waiter and Eric (the manager?) who did what he could to remedy the situation, was great.Ordered the double eagle medium-rare, which John said the house recommended. John described medium-rare to our table as "pink and hot all the way through." I order all my steaks medium rare and found that description suitable. When it arrived, Eric began carving it and asked how the color was. In the dimly lit restaurant, the color itself didn't look too bad, so he cut it all and served it to me. Long story short, I touched the center of the meat and it was refrigerator cold and some of the fat hadn't rendered. My room temp wine was warmer. Eric was quick to re-fire the dish, but we can all imagine how that went...it killed the steak and ruined their own specialty. Eric comped our wine and dessert, and apologized a bunch. Three stars for their service, efforts to make it right and the rest of the food was fantastic.
#REVIEW#Really great experience. Expensive but worth it!My boyfriend and I had a reservation on a Saturday night and we did have to wait about 10-15 minutes anyway, which was a little annoying. But we forgot about it pretty quickly.Our waiter was incredibly nice, attentive, and helpful. Fantastic service.We started with the crab cake, as recommended by our waiter. It was delicious, not a lot of filler stuff so the crab really stood out. I'm not sure how it's normally served but we asked for the sauce on the side which was a good move.We both got steaks, both cooked exactly how we wanted. My boyfriend tends to under season his own food when he cooks, so he was surprised at how salty it was. I tasted the salt as well, it was flavorful.For dessert our waiter recommended the butter cake. I usually go for chocolate desserts but this was so good. It's very sweet and dense but so delicious.
#REVIEW#First, when we called to make the reservation, weeks in advance, we asked for a corner table or booth, not in the middle of the restaurant. We were seated at a table in the middle of the restaurant. I ordered a "prime" ribeye, medium. So did one of my guests. His steak was twice the size of mine, and cooked perfectly. Mine was thin, full of gristle, and well done. I complained, the general manager came out and apologized, was great about it, and said he'd have another one right out. By the time my replacement came out, everyone else was finished eating. It was cooked medium, but it was also thin, and half the size of the  one served to my guest. Disappointing considering the price we paid.
#REVIEW#Made a reservation day of on a whim and had a fantastic meal ahead of a show. My boyfriend and I told the waiter we were a little pressed for time and they accommodated us without an issue. We shared:+ Crab cake+ Creamed spinach+ Filet mignon+ Potatoes au gratin+ Butter cakeEach dish was more delicious than the last, with the standouts being the crab cake, filet mignon and the desserts. Seriously, I could have eaten that cake forever. Our waiter was lovely and service was impeccable. Del Frisco's exceeded all of my expectations!
#REVIEW#Good steaks but a bit of an assembly line feel.Came here for dinner on a Sunday.  Have been meaning to visit this place for quite some time and was a little disappointed when I did.  Don't get me wrong the steaks are great and done to perfection but the general atmosphere reminds me of Cafe De Paris during the dinner rush.  Feels more like an assembly line then a restaurant.  We were a large party 7 people with 2 kids which limits the number of seating spaces within the restaurant but sitting basically in the middle of the walkway under the balcony isn't a big plus.  We ordered but right off the bat we were told that if we wanted to order a Double Eagle (bone in double thick Ribeye) that it would take an hour to get, which is fine but can you at least give us a couple of minutes to look at the menu. Once we ordered it was like clockwork drinks immediately, appetizers all at the same time about 10 minutes later and 15 minutes after that the steaks.  If I didn't know any better it felt like they were already there waiting for us.  Good service with steaks cooked to perfection but the feeling of an assembly line didn't leave me and still haven't, which is a bit disappointing.
#REVIEW#Having visited and had a great meal at Del Frisco's Philadelphia about a month ago, our same group decided to try Del Frisco's in New York on Father's Day.  We were again not disappointed.  Though pricey, these people know their steak.  Combined with a staff that is solicitous and friendly, they go out of their way to make your dining experience memorable.  On a personal note however, I tried their Waygu steak here after having their signature double eagle aged ribeye last time.  Despite the mystical reputation of Waygu, I think the double eagle was better.
#REVIEW#My global steakhouse tour continues! Having already tried Keen's and Luger in NYC, this spot was next up.Ordered the signature Double Eagle cut and definitely did not disappoint. Well marbled, cook to perfection, and bursting with flavor at every bite.The only markdown was that some of the oysters were exceedingly salty. Sure they're oysters, but when you feel tempted to spit them out because the salt is too overwhelming, it's not a good experience
#REVIEW#Went there yesterday to celebrate a birthday dinner. Ordered 2 Rib 16oz Dry Age 45 days steaks $145, 1 Filet 8 oz $48, 1 strip 16 oz $56, Onion rings $14.5, Spinach Supreme $16, 2 glasses GL Ben Marco red wine $28, 2 decaf coffee $8. The steaks were very good, especially the 45 days aged rib eye, it tasted even more tender than the filet I ordered. Medium. The service was superb, from the Hostess to our Server,Christian, and the Manager Curtis. Because it's a birthday dinner, them gave us the dessert plate on the house. Overall, it was an excellent dinner. Service 10, food 10. Decor 10, atmosphere 10. Total bill including tips and tax, after deducting $50 rewards redemption $380.
#REVIEW#We came on a busy Saturday night and were able to be seated on the patio. Tried shrimp cocktails, bacon, and 2 steaks: the wagyu tomahawk and a steak special of trios topped with different sauces. The wagyu tomahawk didn't have the marble texture of the wagyu I'm used to, but was nonetheless a good tomahawk. Shrimps were fresh. Bacon needed to be fattier for my liking, and i prefer when they're not covered in cracked pepper/spices - but it's personal taste. cheesecake was very solid! But was disappointed at their lemon layered cake which is supposed to be their signature dessert - it was dry, if they upped the lemon curd to cake ratio it would have been much better!
#REVIEW#So good! Every time I come here I order the filet mignon medium. The steak comes out perfectly and the sides are delicious! You have to try the corn - it has a little kick to it that just adds that perfect touch to your meal.Did I mention they offer truffle butter with your steak? And would you take a look at those onion rings??!
#REVIEW#I cannot say enough about Del Friscos. My boyfriend and I were told by a friend we should have our anniversary dinner here and it did not disappoint.  We reserved a table on the balcony which was so nice. They had this cute little card on the table that the staff signed wishing us a happy anniversary as well which I thought was so nice.  We got to meet the GM, Felix as well who introduced himself. He was awesome! Our waitress Rylee was so good! Absolutely loved her. Everyone there was so friendly and you could tell they genuinely cared about our experience there.The food...omg the food! SO GOOD! Unreal!  Do yourself a favor and try the uptown del's potatoes, the heirloom tomatoes and burrata salad, bone in filet, all of it. It's so good. Also, that VIP drink they have, so good. I loved this place and I will definitely be back whenever we take a trip to Manhattan.
