#NAME#Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gyu-kaku-japanese-bbq-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,bbq,asianfusion#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#We came here hungry and left full.Opted for the popular demand BBQ menu where we got; 1. Premium Rib eye Steak2. Premium Sirloin3. New York Strip Steak4. Yaki - Shabu beef5. Pork belly Can't really comment on the tenderness of the meat since you get to grill it to your taste but I strongly recommend all of the above selections.Thank you!P.S:Oh and the server was uber nice and adviced on cooking time duration. Hats off to the lad!
#REVIEW#Came in on a Friday night with a few friends on a recommendation. I was a bit skeptical at first since I've never had Korean/Japanese BBQ.The wait time wasn't bad - less than 20 minutes.  But, the atmosphere was a bit undesirable - did someone say crowded?Now, for the best part, the food.  Did I mentioned I've never had Korean BBQ?  Wow, was I ever pleasantly surprised!  The group of us selected the "Meat Lover's" package with add-ons.  Oh yeah, there is a round hot pot at each table that guests use to cook their own selections, from veggies to meat.The waitress started us out with a very tasfy Miso soup.  Next came a serving of thinly sliced salmon in a succulent sauce - enough for 4 people to share.  Then, came plate after plate of raw seasoned duck, chicken, steak and a version of shaved steak.  We we were instructed how long to grill based on meat type.  All meat was well seasoned, delicious and tender. Yum!  Finally, our side orders of garlic rice and veggies. Delicious!One of my friends decided to order the green tea cake with green tea ice cream.  It was slightly bitter and reminded me a bit of Matcha, so I didn't dislike it.Overall, the place is a gem, a bit crowded in the entryway, but I'd highly recommend it if you are a first-time at eating Korean/Japanese BBQ.  Thumbs up!
#REVIEW#Would skip and get Korean BBQ in k-town instead. Maybe because Gyu-Kaku is a chain restaurant and so a lot of the "rules" are not flexible. Like how they can't seat the party until everyone is here, no HH priced drinks unless you sit at the bar, you have to order from prix fixe packages if you have a large party, reservation for a large party requires you to fill out a form on the website and pre-select your meal package. Some are certainly valid but just too many can't and don'ts from a place that is in the service industry. Also this is basically self serve since you grill your own food but we had to request for everything a few times to get it. We hardly got someone to bring us water for the table. It's one of those places where you only try once and never come back again. A bit pricey spending on average $60 per person to still be hungry after. Their "packages" claim to feed a certain amount of people but it's not enough since the dishes are sample size. Go to K town and get Korean BBQ which will have larger dishes, quality food, and friendlier/attentive staffs.
#REVIEW#They have 700+ restaurants worldwide but none in NJ (so far)..... I'm offended.  This is a fun place to eat and we did not feel rushed at all. In fact, we had a great time.  The ambience is cool and hip.  Our server provided great suggestions and the food is good.  The portion size, however, is quite small.  The meat is thinly sliced, and there are only a few slices, so the price can add up pretty quickly. The marinated beef we ordered were about $26 each and a few were $11 each (for a few slices). The shrimp dish was $8 (for 4 medium sized raw shrimp) and the vegetable dish was $8 (4 thin slices of zucchini, 2 mushrooms, a couple of cherry tomatoes, a thin slice of onion and ~1/4 cup of corn kernels.  As you can see, the value could be better.  We saw signs for happy hour which ends at 6PM but starts again at 9:30PM. The prices are discounted during happy hour and I think most people take advantage of this. Although there were many empty tables around 7:30 pm, the hostess told us there was a 40 minute wait but we were actually seated after 15 minutes.Each table is outfitted with a grill in the center where you cook your own food.  There is a strong fire that flares up when the oil from the meat drips down.  This chars the meat nicely.  To be fair, the marinated beef barbecue is really good.  The beef comes out charred and flavorful.  They also serve cooked food such as ramen.  I did not try it but someone in our party did and he said it was so salty that it was inedible.  Our server didn't know what to do.  He didn't offer to replace it but just kind of shrugged it off.  We asked for hot water so that we could at least dilute the broth which at least made it edible.If you dine here, be sure to download their app for the rewards.  You will be given 100 points at signup, which is enough for an ice cream or a smores dessert.
#REVIEW#I loved this place! So fun and interactive, it's a must try! Long story short: you get to cook most of your own food, everything is good with large portion sizes, and food comes out quick. Vegan, vegetarian and meat eater options. It's fun for everyone! Portions are pretty huge, you'll have to unbutton your pants after to make room! Here's how it works: as you're seated, you're given a special menu and a regular menu. Changes based on the time of day. You can pick things you cook yourself, ramen dishes, salads, soups, vegetables, and more. Beef, pork, chicken, spicy, medium, mild, and even more meat items to choose from. If you choose something you prepare, they turn the stove on to warm it up. Do not touch it! Keep hands and feet inside the vehicle and keep an eye on your curious friends. After miso soup and a delicious salad (vegan people it's not a vegan dressing) and appetizers of your choice, they bring out your meats to cook! You are in charge, the waiter will remind you of the suggested cook times and you get tongs to handle it on the grill. It also comes with a dish with a few compartments to mix and dip some of their signature sauces of soy, sweet and spicy nature.Be sure to look up happy hour times, we went during the happy hour on a Friday and didn't break the bank. Typical New York cocktails at their over priced value were regular price for once! Beer lovers get the beer, it comes in a huge and I mean huge glass. My friend couldn't even finish it with the help of two other ladies hahaha, were talking huge. I'm kind of a dumpling snob, it's one of my favorite Asian foods and here they are the bomb! Deep fried and wrapped to perfection with all kinds of flavorful surprises inside. I got the pork ramen, it was huge! Broth filled to the brim with two eggs, tons and tons of noodles, it was the perfect dish to slurp and enjoy. Mine came with a side of dumplings, edamame, a salad and miso soup! I had to unbutton my pants because of how much food there was! Came in famished, left a happy happy full woman.Both my stomach and heart were full! Add it to your list!
#REVIEW#Made a reservation for 530 for their happy hour drinks. When we got there, we were seated right away. Note that everyone has to be there in order to get seated. We order the meat lover and a few drinks for ourself. The food was amazing I would definitely come back here again to eat. However one of our drinks took forever to come. We place order and the drink took about an hour, maybe a bit more for it to come.
#REVIEW#Love love love! Amazing food, great atmosphere and friendly people!We got the samurai for 4 people and it was great we were really stuffed bu the end. I love the noodles snd the fried rice as well as the meat selection.
#REVIEW#Ate here tonight. Excellent food and received a warm welcome from the hostess. Great service and quick to get food/get the bill. Great server as well.
#REVIEW#seamless Japanese bbq dining in the Cooper Sq / East Village area.perfect for lunch, dinner, or later-night drinks & bites. the interior is big. seating at a very large bar, tables around the bar, and booths which are equipped with grills to cook your cuts of chicken, pork, beef, shrimp, or veggies. the interior is airy, spacious, and clean. it has a modern Japanese vibe throughout. Gyu-Kaku works well for birthdays, celebrations, after work dinners and bar outings, casual get-togethers, date night, etc. if you have out-of-towners coming into town or rookies to Japanese bbq--this is fun way to have a memorable and delicious outing. this is as much about the food a it is about having an interactive experience since you are cooking your food if you choose a bbq course or a la carte bbq items. beyond, the bbq...Gyu-Kaku has a kitchen that serves up a variety of appetizers, rice and noodle dishes, salads, soups, and more. however the bbq is the way to go. your server will let you know how long to cook different items: some cuts of beef and veggies cook fast 30 secs to 90 secs  on each side...others take 3-5 minutes per side (shrimp, pork and/or chicken). my recommendation for first-timers is to choose one of the preset bbq courses as you will get a variety of meats to cook as well as appetizer items and in some cases dessert (smores). the lunch presets give you a lot of bang for your buck. for example, the Sakura lunch special feeds two people with salad, miso soup, rice, Japanese fried chicken (karaage), a variety of bbq meats to cook, and s'mores to make as a sweet ending--all of that costs $40 without tax and tip. and there are bigger bbq course deals for larger groups.*the karaage (Japanese fried chicken) is a thin layer of crispiness, savory juicy chicken chunks, not greasy at all, and comes with a tasty dipping sauce. do order this! it doesn't disappoint.happy hour runs from lunchtime to like 630ish. a variety of beer, wine, and cocktail choices are half-price. worth it to get here early!download the GYU-KAKU app. you get rewards that are redeemable in restaurant and you get bigger rewards as you eat there more often.the great part about eating here via bbq is that you get to pace out your meal bc you are cooking it. TIP: bring people here who like food, doing new things, and being in the moment. the staff? very friendly. energetic. and there to help make sure your experience goes smoothly. take advantage of asking q's if you're in doubt about something.drops mic cuz i'm going back to the grill againi out zzz
#REVIEW#Great for happy hour drinks! Not many veggie options. Dinner plates aren't too great (they lack flavor) since it's not their speciality. Have yet to order the BBQ but I hope to update this review when I do one day!
#REVIEW#My new favorite place. Happy hours seems like its all the time. The food is extremely delicious and the wait staff and servers a professional, curtious and knowledgeable.
#REVIEW#I had to update my review because I gave this place another chance and actually had a good experience this time. Our waitress was so kind and helpful. The food was really amazing this time. We ordered miso chili wings, shrimp shumai, garlic noodles, avocado salads, spring rolls, and my friends got steak to grill. Our grill wasn't working that well so at the end they gave us complementary s'mores to make. We even ordered some cocktails from the happy hour menu (which are such great prices). I would definitely come back again after this experience.
#REVIEW#3.5Got two combos:- Meat lovers- PremiumAppetizers were just so-so (salad and shrimp dumpling type thing). Miso soup was average.The grilled meats were fantastic!  Can't go wrong with any of them.  Just wish the cooking times could be written down somewhere as we had so many plates of meat with different cooking times that it got confusing. Some required 45 seconds, some required 1 min. each side, etc.  Not only did the waiter note the times really quickly, the venue is also super noisy, so good luck trying to catch any of that valuable info.  So we just guesstimated the cooking times.. Anyways, the harami in secret pot was the most delicious piece of meat! Seasoned well and super tender!Garlic fried rice was decent, but could use more garlic!!You also have to ask for the grate on your grill to be changed instead of them proactively changing it. I suggest you change it often so that you don't waste your money on burnt meat.3 dipping sauces can be found on the table: ponzu, sweet soy sauce, and hot sauce. I felt these sauces to be a bit watered down... and the hot sauce was not really hot. Ponzu was probably the best one.We also tried a few drinks.  Sparkling sake, lychee sake, and hot sake. Sparkling was way too sweet, lychee was okay but a little syrupy tasting. Hot sake was good.Half off drinks at the bar (anytime). Unfortunately, if you're seated at a table, you can't get drinks at the bar :( you have to pay full price.... Also, we were seated near the back of the restaurant and sometimes it was hard to flag down a waiter. Would go back for the happy hour deals.
#REVIEW#Happy hour at the bar - amazing!Pricing - great!Service - could be a lot better but not horribleExperience - super fun for small or large groups equallyTry their mango something drink and their spin on a cosmo, super yummyOverall a fun night and will always be back!
#REVIEW#Have been meaning to try this place out for months due to high recommendations from friends. We went during the afternoon and were seated once our entire group was there. Luckily it was happy hour and they definitely had a decent list of options. We ended up picking our drinks and choosing the meat-lover combo which let us try a good amount of their different meat dishes. Food quality was definitely exceptional and each meat was seasoned well. My only complaint would be that the quantity for the price was lacking. We ordered the combo for 4, with our party of 3 and while we were satisfied with how good the meat was, we definitely werent full from our meal. Overall I would say Gyu Kaku was worth trying and experiencing. I definitely enjoyed my meal here and the quality of the meat was definitely worth the visit.
#REVIEW#This place is a gem! The meatlovers platter is a great deal! Fresh prime steak, chicken and flank with a signature salad fried chicken wings and miso soup.The experience alone is great! This is a huge rival to the traditional Korean BBQ. Plus it there are s'mores and a large choice of fruity drinks!
#REVIEW#If anyone or you guys/gals follow my yelp you know ABSOLUTELY KNOW how much I love love love love this place but tonight there seems to be like one of their off nights, maybe because it's Monday but all of sudden there seems to be a lot customer service changes happening. Anyone who reads or pays attention to my reviews knows I'm family orientated and I'm always out with my family. I've been going to Gyu Kaku since Feb 14, 2015 and this one in Cooper Square specifically since 2016. I've spend a lot of money with this location being that me and my family are here anywhere from 1-7 times a month. Tonight we are there and the service that we received was unlike ever before. We were told that our children couldn't get their chopstick made for use for kids when that never has been a problem and it's something that always was done for children or people on general who aren't used to using chopsticks . Every place I've been that offer chopsticks as a utensil for eating offer that so why on this particular night (April 29th 2019) were told that they wouldn't do it?!Since 2015 I've been a fan and advocate of the chicken garlic noodles, from the first time I ever had them that became a part of my normal order but they have to be made properly, saucy and not burnt‼ To add to further displeasure of this visit my lady orders the noodles and when we order we direct the waiter/waitress to make sure to note to the kitchen to make them extra saucy and not burnt because this location in particular has ABSOLUTELY NO CONSISTENCY when making this delicious appetizer. They bring the noodles and they aren't really saucy, so we request for the noodles to be sent back to have more saucy added just like we did on Friday (April 25th 2019). On Friday there was no issues the food went back came back with more saucy tasting delicious but today for some reason it was decided to bring a bowl of soy sauce and another bowl of like garlic paste for us to make our own extra garlic sauce for the noodles which came to me as shock because I've never seen that happen before & I find it to be a slap in the face to loyal customers. I regularly go to the restaurant so if things are done a certain way all the time and then one time things are done differently it just let's me know that clearly people aren't interested in doing their jobs or this establishment doesn't value customer service. This was a disappointing night to say the least, but the up side was that the other food order was delicious as usual.
#REVIEW#Gyu-Kaku has a few locations in NYC so the experience can be a hit or miss. I've tried a couple of the locations being in Flushing, East Village and Times Square. Generally I end up at this location because it is the most convenient that is least crowded.The best time to hit up Gyu-Kaku is during their Happy Hour. If not, all the small dishes add up and it can get price-y and quite quickly. During happy hour, most of their cocktails and specialty drinks are roughly 50% off and the food is roughly a few dollars off that is detailed in the red lettering on the menu. Happy Hour starts from 11:30AM-6:30PM everday and then 9:30PM-11PM Monday through Thursday. Seems more like a Happy Day and less of Happy Hour. In addition to the Happy Hour, I suggest downloading their app that allows you to accumulate points that you can apply to BBQ items for free or even $25.00 off on your next meal. Awesome! Now if you enjoy Japanese BBQ as much as I do, I suggest ordering their Harami in secret pot. This I believe is a new dish of theirs and it was the tastiest and most mouthwatering piece of meat I have tried at Gyu-Kaku. We generally order a variety of BBQ items like the sausages, garlic chicken, spicy pork, and pork belly to name a few. Side dishes are also helpful as it cuts through the meatiness of the meal  so ordering veggies to grill or steam, salads or just pickled items are a nice touch. My favorite noodle dish would be the Garlic Noodles with chicken so make sure to get that as well.  Your experience can be great or mediocre based on the service as the waiters bring you a fresh grill along with telling you how long to cook items. Some waiters are more attentive and nice and others, cold and aloof. May the odds forever be in your flavor ;).Grade: B+
#REVIEW#This our second time patronizing Gyu-Kaku Japanese bbq.  We came for a quick dinner before the show.We enjoyed a variety of  steaks, mushroom, broccoli and garlic rice.  The girls shared the white rice.  The restaurant had great ambience and clean.I would absolutely patronize again.
#REVIEW#Popped in here for happy hour (daily from - reserved a seat ahead of time as we knew it would get very busy the closer you were to 5p. Early happy hour is 11:30a - 6p, and late is 9:30p-11p last call.Lots of selections at a discount, and everyone sits down at a table for BBQ with a heating element in the center and several tongs. You order and then they bring out the food for you cooked (appetizers) and uncooked (main to do yourself - they tell you how many minutes a side, roughly). We had a la carte, though they do have sets if you prefer that.We ordered:- cabbage salad - light and delicious- Japanese fried chicken - this was good without the sauce, and if it was a little more pepper/salt, would make for a better dish- hot oil seared salmon - one of the best dishes here, a little citrus and amazing fish flavor- shiitake mushroom fried rice - better if they left it in the hot stone pot a little longer that they cook it in right around your tableMeats to cook ourselves:- hirami miso skirt steak (didn't stand out)- bone-in kalbi short rib (the best one we tried, lots of flavor when grilled)- prime garlic shoyu steak (was light on garlic flavor)- kalbi chuck rib (w/sweet soy) - thinner and quick to cook- toro beef (very tender)- bbq calamari miso (miso had a tough time sticking, but not bad - probably better if they had sauteed it in the back for you with lots of miso)2 s'mores for dessert (little one loved that). They also have a kid's menu, and some pre-set menus for various numbers of people with different selections of meats, etc.Not in a rush at all, and they have a good lychee bellini and a Gyu-kaku sake (good milky color and sweet flavor). Service was solid, but not always paying attention (a lot of customers so they ran around and almost gave us the wrong fried rice had we not noticed when they put it on the table). At least we didn't feel like they were rushing us (even though the line outside at the bar was getting long).Overall, hard to go wrong with BBQ meat at your table, though you do have to know which flavor you like (3 dipping sauces - ponzu, spicy, and sweet soy sauces), and recognize that all the meats will be about the same amount (size of beef that is), and though seasoned, taste the same after using those sauces. For the price of 40-50$ you will probably not be full, but definitely an experience to cook your own and prep some food, and talk while doing so, with the meat servings light (noodles and rice are good for filling up around that).
