#NAME#Ai Fiori
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ai-fiori-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,french,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Thank you so much for taking us right before closing!Happy that this place offers both a la carte as well as course menus. Love the balsamic reduction like sauce that came with the little tasting before our meal. The breads are delicious you have the choice of white bread, olive roll, and a raisin bread. Olive oil is amazing and so is the butter. The octopus appetizer is perfectly charred and so good. Nothing overpowering, loved every element of this dish. I went for the famous seafood pasta dish, which you can get a half or full portion. I thought the seafood was slightly fishy but overall good. Dessert: I love the olive oil cake!!! Highly recommend. Comes with a great earl grey gelato. Wine list is great, i got recommended a light red to go with my seafood dishes. Service is perfect, looking forward to trying more dishes and maybe even the course when I come hungry!!
#REVIEW#It pains me to give Ai Fiori only a 3-star rating, considering that my party spent $600 on the 4-course prix fixe menu and also the fact that it's a Michelin-starred restaurant. Overall, the food was decent; there were some dishes that were better than others but again, for the price point and reputation, everything should have been done to perfection, if not exceptionally.Below is what I ordered for my 4-course meal: - Lobster Bisque: very tasty; one of the better dishes we had. I do wish it came with a little more lobster than just the three baby pieces though.- Fusilli with Pork Shoulder Ragu: decent pasta dish, but I wouldn't say it's anything special. - Anatra (Long Island Duck Breast): this is the one I was most disappointed in. The flavors were pretty good; you could taste hints of wine which pairs well with the shallot confit and pear. Our waiter recommended to get this prepared medium rare, which I usually enjoy; however this was just a tad TOO rare as there were pieces that were impossible to cut through because of the tendons that have not been cooked down. This also unfortunately gave me an upset stomach later... really not an enjoyable experience.- Affogato: yummy! But it's hard to mess this one up.Service-wise, I was also a bit disappointed. We had to ask for Sparkling Water a few times before we finally received it mid-way through our meal because our waiter seemed to have forgotten it. Someone in my party also asked for more bread and never received it. Finally, we had left our card at the front desk to pay for the tab in advance, but there must have been some miscommunication since we still received our tab in the end to pay for.All that being said, I think these are small problems that have easy solutions so I look forward to seeing how Ai Fiori can improve on the food and the service to live up to their name.
#REVIEW#The Tasting menu was delicious! The only reason I docked it a star was because of how expensive the meal was. I may not be at that sort of fine dining level.Props to the server who noticed that the bottom of the plate left a dark outline of my table cloth. He later came back to cover it with a handkerchief
#REVIEW#Having dinner here vs lunch is a completely different experience! I enjoyed it so much more, even though my lunch experience was already great. We got the 4 course prix fixe and it was really worth and super filling. The wine list is extensive and a little daunting at first but we got a great recommendation. The waiter was knowledgeable and knew exactly what to suggest from what we asked. Every dish we got was great. Things I would definitely order again include the Torchon (foie gras) and the Trofie Nero (squid ink pasta with scallops). The pasta was perfectly cooked and there was plenty of scallops. The Astice (lobster) was also really good. The tortellini soup was nothing too special though so I would skip. Desserts were amazing. We also got an appetizer (not pictured) and dessert on the house as well as some chocolate and cookies as a parting gift. I would definitely recommend this place for special occasion dinners.
#REVIEW#Stopped in here at the bar again,and the waiter was fairly new, so his description of dishes included "it has beef" for the hamburger was... not helpful. Some items at the bar are unique to that area, and you can still order a la carte from the main menu.No oysters this time, but we tried the amuse bouche, which was a little wafer, olive creme with a few slices of grape. Interesting, but not that tasty.The fluke crudo w/ the American caviar over olive oil, though, was fantastic. Combined with the bread basket they offered (olive, rosemary, and white), it was fantastic dipping the extra olive oil, too.The blue crab spaghetti pasta - al dente perfectly, a little spicy, and delicious (they split it in two for us to share).The white label burger was also fantastic, done medium, a la frieda prime patty, calabrian aioli, fontina chees,e pickles, and pommes dauphines to the side. The burger was juicy and very tasty. The pommes dauphines were a disappointment - would have been better with some texture like tater tots instead.The dessert menu was disinteresting to my dining partners, but we ended up trying the cioccolato, a chocolate mousse, honey bourbon crema, and honey gelato. The best part was the gelato, the rest didn't pop in my memory or taste buds at all.Overall, service was only so-so this time but the fluke, burger, and blue crab spaghetti pasta were excellent, bumping this up in my book (for the food).
#REVIEW#Yum! Got reservations here at the last minute - it's nice that availability doesn't require you to book weeks in advance.  Bread is sooo good both texture and flavor wise.  Everything was amazing. Started off with beet salad - flavors were extraordinary.  Fluke with caviar was great.  Seafood dishes kept the bar high as well.  Definitely will have to be back!
#REVIEW#Amazing place. Had scallops and my date had steak. Portions are perfect for fine dining. Not too much..not too small. Mouth watering delicious. Five star dining. Service is absolutely stellar. Carrie in particular is exquisite! Talk about amazing service and a smile. She brings positivity every time she speaks and compliments the experience. Also the bartenders make a mean drink. They are creative and efficient. We will be back more and more!
#REVIEW#Overall a good balance of fame, price, service, food, ambiance, and more. Very rounded experience with more ups than downs, definitely worth a try.Needless to say, a reservation will be highly recommended. The location is on the second floor of the hotel with a lounge on one side and the main dining area on the other. Going deep into the seven-course chef's seasonal tasting menu will not be necessary, as the menu may have been changed by the time you read this review. However, some high-level comments will be made.Today's menu revolves around the theme "Citrus".Yea: Scallops (starter), cod (main), grapefruit granite (dessert)Yes, in a seven-course menu, there will be up and downs and this one is not an exception. Absolutely loved the scallops. Fresh with the citrus dressing, a very refreshing start to a long journey. The cod was the other fresh seafood I liked. I was tender and went extremely well with the farro and artichokes on the side. Our absolute favorite was the desert, the grapefruit granite. After two hours, we came back to the same place: crystal light, crunchy and fruity dessert. Something very unique (even when it's a little bitter, though not too sweet).Nay: Skirt Steak and shrimp scampiThe shrimp scampi had absolutely no taste to it (asked for cheese and it was much better). The shrimps and pasta had no taste to it and it was quite disappointing to have such comment on an easy fix. Skirt steak: simply too dry. Not enough fat in the mix made it uneasy to bite.Don't forget about the drinks. We did not get any alcoholic drink but asked for a fruity/sparkling drink that went really well with the menu, well priced too.The value was great. The seven-course menu offers a price in the middle of its competition. The service was good but not excellent (though took him a week to send me the menu + couldn't find my coat at first)The ambiance was excellent, almost as good as it gets at this level.food 4/5service 3.5/5value 4/5ambiance 4.5/5
#REVIEW#This review is based off my restaurant week lunch experience. I arrived at 12pm and they seated us in the area for people who don't have reservations. The ambiance was beautiful. We opted for 2-course.- Terrina di anatra (Duck pate): This was more like cold shredded mushed duck meat. I wasn't sure if there was even liver. It was also flavorless. The stale bread and mustard didn't help. I could barely eat it.  - Zuppa di topinambur (Soup): Bland. It tasted like luke warm heavy cream. - Costolette (Short rib): The portion for was a joke. You get a cubic inch of short rib but half was pure fat. The polenta tasted like straight stick of butter and the root vegetables weren't memorable. - Truffle risotto: If I'm going to pay extra I would expect it to be worth it. When it came it smell like cheap mac n cheese which was shocking. Other than the truffle shavings on top there was NO truffle in the risotto. It tasted like white cheddar cheese. Yuck!For a Michelin star rated restaurant I had HIGH expectations. To start off, the service was terrible. I couldn't get a waiter to refill water or clear my table. The taste of the food did not make up for tiny portions. We left hungry and I have no interest in trying their regular menu ever.
#REVIEW#Thanks to NYC restaurant week I got to enjoy a Michelin star restaurant for my mom's birthday. I was allowed to call for reservations 2 weeks in advance for lunch on a Thursday & they were absolutely pleasant on the phone. They even asked for my party's allergies & inquired if I was celebrating anything. So very thoughtful, remembering this is service for an excellent restaurant. It's located on the 2nd floor of a luxurious hotel. Beautiful walk up the curved staircase to the entrance. We were offered coat check but we were able to keep our coats. The table setting was lovely. For restaurant week, they offer the 2 course for $26 or the 3 course for $32. We of course got the 3 course! For starters, the zuppa di topinambur (sunchoke soup, pickled celery root & creme fraiche) looked plain & simple with few textured ingredients but it was very soft, light & creamy. My mother loved it. I ordered the terrina di anatra (duck pate, cranberry, pickles, pecan) which I thought was going to be a paste, however it wasn't. The plate looked beautiful, the duck was cooked well, not overcooked & each bite with the cranberry was the best. Entrees: My aunt got the salmon (pan roasted with butternut squash, quinoa & swiss chard) which was also presented lovely. The salmon was cooked well & she said she loved pairing the butternut squash the best. Mother & I ordered the costolette (red wine braised ribs, polenta & glazed root vegetables). The plate is served with one rib. My mother's dish had more polenta than I did, but I wasn't going to be upset about that. I was a tad bit disappointed in my rib piece which was meaty on one side & on the flat side had a tough fatty tissue that was inedible. The meaty part had gelatin- looking lines in it. I wondered if that's what you call "marbling" but it wasn't as tender & juicy as I would imagine it would be.Dessert: the limone curd with meringue & grapefruit granite was amazing. It's a small portion, but I loved it regardless. I feel that it was better than semifreddo (chocolate mousse, cardamom & salted caramel ganache). The most thoughtful thing they did was surprised my mother with an extra birthday ice cream dessert. I was so pleased with their kindess & making her feel special. Ai Fiori is amazing dining experience.
#REVIEW#I went here on a lunch date and though the date was subpar, the food wasn't :). Everything was stellar with one exception, but I'll get to that later. For a 2 course at $49 it isn't cheap but it wouldn't break the bank either. We both opted for the 2 course and got dessert versus the 3 course and it was definitely an adequate amount of food. However, if you're pretty hungry I would do the 3 course. Anyways, the food!To start- I ordered the Vellutata, otherwise known as lobster bisque lol. Although I wish there was a bit more lobster, the base was so creamy and if you dip the bread they give in it, it's pretty great. I forgot the name of the other dish but I did post a picture for reference. It consisted of pasta that was al dente (which made it way better IMHO) in a buttery sauce with mushrooms. You can't go wrong with either.Mains- I ordered the Trofie Nero and he ordered the Capesante. Here is where I had to knock off a star for Ai Fiori. The scallops in the Capesante were salty. And yes, I know that's normal for scallops, but I'm talking unbearably salty to the point that you don't want to be rude and let the waiter know but you also kind of feel obliged to let them know. Needless to say, he did let them know (I am not that brave) and our server apologized and gave us an extra dessert which was very sweet (pun intended). The Trofie Nero, however, was perfect. The chunks of scallop in it were great and the "crustacean ragu" (or what I like to call breadcrumbs) made it all the better. Desserts- yes yes and yes. Both the one we ordered and the complimentary one were absolutely amazing. The one we ordered was the Paris-Brest. That hazelnut cream, oof. Literally could eat this every day with zero regrets. The complimentary one was the tartaletta which was different from the Paris-Brest as it was very fruity but still very good. It was a nice balance and you can't go wrong with either, so get both :). All in all, Ai Fiori is a great place to dine but definitely ask the waiter/waitress what his or her personal favorites are or whatnot to get a better understanding of what you want.
#REVIEW#The food here is consistently good. Always a good choice for pasta! The duck was also among the best that I've had--so tender and juicy.
#REVIEW#A nice setting in the heart of Midtown. Overall: 4/5Food: 3.8/5Value: 4/5 (lunch) Service: 5/5 Atmosphere: 5/5 We had the pre fixe lunch, with options like the sunchoke soup, duck pâté, Atlantic salmon, and limone dessert. I had high expectations since it's a Michelin 1 star. An absolutely beautiful setting in the Langham Hotel on Fifth Avenue, very luxurious. However the food was a bit mixed. The duck pâté wasn't plated that nicely and was very crumbly - I prefer pâté to be smooth and creamy but this was a very country style one. Did not expect that from the description on the menu. Sunchoke soup was rich, creamy, and delicious though. Salmon was over cooked as was the quinoa base. The lemon tarte dessert was quite small (like a 3x3 inch square) although delectable, but it was accompanied by a grapefruit flavored ice pieces which was quite odd. Overall worth a visit especially for the experience but probably not one of my usual spots.
#REVIEW#Nothing amazing, nothing terrible. I guess my expectation was high given it's a Michael White restaurant and Marea is one of my favorites in the city. This place feels like a knock off of Marea, with clumsier services and worse food. Let's talk about service first. It's spotty. Several times people at our table had water glasses and wine glasses empty and nobody would notice. Additionally, twice some waiter dropped or slipped and broke a glass and a vase on the floor. Both times happened close to us and the noise was startling. Definitely not something I'd expect from a place like this. When it comes to food, we were a party of 7 and ordered quite a few dishes, so I don't think  Everything was either good or ok, but there's no stand outs, no amazing-ness. The main dish that I ordered was Spaghetti with blue crab and lemon, in my opinion it was a failure. The dish came out wayyy too heavy, completely masked the freshness and slight sweet taste of blue crab taste. Not to mention I kept getting crab shells in my bites. So try here if you want, but I'd strongly recommend you also try Marea after this. :)
#REVIEW#Came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, and I booked through OpenTable and left a request on there to ask the restaurant to write "Happy Birthday" on the dessert plate. Ai Fiori called me the day before the reservation to confirm the table, and I completely forgot to check whether they got my request. But they did remember without me mentioning at the restaurant, it was an excellent touch! Food wise, it was very delicious. I got the Foie Gras, Fusilli and Cioccolato and loved every single course so much! Everything was perfect!! The sides were a pleasant surprise too! The Potato Fritters were sooo good they melt in your mouth, it's to die for!!
#REVIEW#Ai Fiori is that reliable upscale restaurant to keep in your back pocket. It's not too difficult to snag a table, the ambiance is a little business mixed with cushy seating and seasonal florals, and you know you'll be having some very good pasta. Their burger is a must-try if you're going for lunch. For dinner, the 4-course prix fixe is the way to go. My favorite has always been the Trofie Nero (squid ink pasta) with bits of seafood in a luxurious tomato sauce, topped with buttery crunchy breadcrumbs. The seafood is not the star here, but rather the supporting role to highlight each perfect curly pasta noodle. I'm always happy to eat a bowl of this! The spaghetti with blue crab is also another classic dish here, with a creamier tomato sauce and a kick of spice. Cioccolato is so so good for a chocolate-lover and the perfect sweet ending. The rest of the menu can vary seasonally, but I remember the butternut squash soup was one of the best (I was surprised how velvety and good a soup could be!), and lobster is always perfectly prepared. My main last night was Capesante (scallops) which I love anyway, but this was topped with trout roe - one of the most exciting ways I've eaten scallops! The little briny roe popped as you bit into the sweet soft scallops - genius. The Vitello (veal chop) is definitely on the fatty side (as our waitress had warned us). The pork chop was even better when I tried it last summer. I wasn't blown away by the Torta di Noci tbh, which was a fluffy spiced loaf (boring) with a very strong ginger foam.Our waitress was fantastic and very sweet! Her recommendations were on point, she was very knowledgeable about every dish, and she was genuinely nice. The somm recommended a delicious Napa Valley Cabernet for a great price point ($130). Good for families, business, and date nights.
#REVIEW#Have you ever felt sheepish and worried about being the only one in the room not to fully "get it"? Ever been at a "comedy" show and wondered why everybody else is "rolling in the aisles with laughter" and you're not? Or hear the buzz about a best-selling book, read it, then wonder why this cliche-ridden dud is receiving such widespread praise? I feel that way often with Michelin star restaurants. And while it wasn't hat extreme at Ai Fiori, I definitely had a "what's the fuss?" experience throughout, I'm sorry to say. Read on.Ai Fiori gives you three options: go for a 4- or 7-course tasting menu or pick stuff yourself. We elected to do the latter and went with 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 3 desserts. If you're the type who eats "a salad" for a meal, this isn't the Yelp account for you.Of the three appetizers, the pork belly was transcendent, the lobster salad merely good, and the foie gras indistinguishable from liver pate you'd buy at Whole Foods. P2P (Price to Portions) ratio is pretty bad on the lobster and foie gras but surprisingly decent on the pork belly, which as I said, was not excellent but TRANSCENDENT.Moving on, we had the veal and the dry-aged beef for entrees. Both were pretty incredible, with superb P2P for veal and bad P2P for the beef. The cheese potatoes that come with the dry-aged beef are incredible. We also did the mushrooms as a side dish, and they were solid.Last, the dessert. Once again, like the appetizers, rather uneven: chocolate frutti rossi pretty bland, the tartaletta amazing, and the affogato good theater but nothing you can't do yourself (it's a scoop of vanilla gelatto with alcohol and espresso that you get to pour on top of it; watch out if you're a teetotaler like me because your head could get warm!)Look, it was a good meal, but with the P2P and the Michelin hype, I'd hope for more across-the-board flawlessness like the sort at Atera (here) or Spago (LA). The logistics are also a bit off: long period of waiting for your bill, etc., and a bit too much of the premature plate grab. CRITICAL NOTE: I am NOT blaming the individual staff itself. Rather, as is always the case, I go for the good ol' Sociology 101 approach and adopt a STRUCTURAL analysis. There should be a better-tested protocol for timing stuff like bill delivery and no need to swap out plates unless they're a) empty or b) lack of table space requires it.It's a 3.
#REVIEW#Ai Fiori aims to transplant Marea's luxurious, seafood-focused Italian cooking from Columbus Circle to a sleek Midtown hotel, but I don't know that Michael White's vision quite made the move with the pedigree. Marea is one of my all-time favorite restaurants, so going for its more conveniently located sister restaurant seemed like a no-brainer for my birthday, but the experience was mixed.Accessed by a curving staircase from the hotel lobby, the space is dark and elegant, with large round tables and a business-dinner atmosphere. It's a bit more sedate and corporate than Marea, and lacked that buzz of conversation despite it being a Saturday night, but it's nicely decorated with enormous vases of flowers.From the antipasti, crispy soft shell crab ($24) was jumbled together with a smear of green sauce and an assortment of vegetables, but delivered well on texture and flavor. Fluke crudo with lemon and caviar ($32) was piled high with the latter, yet somehow tasted of nothing. Rest unmemorable.Similar situation on the pastas ($37 each), a recycled greatest hits from Marea. My beloved blue crab and lemon spaghetti lacked zing. The rest of the table was satisfied, especially on the seafood-laden trofie nero, save for the special truffle pasta. They shaved them at the table and it was a generous amount, but it wasn't fragrant or flavorful. My family is no stranger to truffles and everyone agreed that the characteristic taste wasn't there.Finally, desserts were strong, including delicious gelato and a complimentary little sweet with a birthday candle. Cocktails are powerful and well made. I can't judge their wine list as we BYOBed for a fee, but their presentation is done well. Coffee service very good.Pacing exemplary. Service very smooth in normal course of business. We had an incident where a party member slipped on wet floor near a wine station and the response was, I imagine, by the book, but seemed a bit off in practice-- a staff member followed them to the bathroom, and later the table was presented with a business card for the GM and a vague invitation to come back.The food is all competently done, and they make it feel like a special experience, but I just didn't find the experience to match up to the hefty price tag.
#REVIEW#The restaurant is surprisingly big. Great for large parties. It is easy to book tables so that's definitely a plus! We did the chef's tasting menu and we loved every course. I would go again with a group of friends.  The presentation of the food was beautifully delivered on every plate. The staff was very attentive to us and extremely nice.
#REVIEW#Had lunch here - it's a great place to go with your boyfriend and his parents. The environment is peaceful and clean. Started with the pate which was amazing, the steak was good!
