#NAME#Café Zaiya
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-zaiya-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,desserts#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#BLACK SESAME SOFT SERVE. I highly recommend it. I got the matcha sesame soft serve and I thought both ice creams were rich and creamy. However the taste of the matcha wasn't that unique or strong. On the other hand I found myself on multiple occasions trying to scoop just the black sesame because it was just that good and I didn't want the matcha flavor to distract me from the sesame. I also thought the servers give a decent swirl of ice cream for the price of $4.50!
#REVIEW#Food: 3/5     Price: 2/5    Service: 2/5   Ambience: 4/5. Small deli in NYC, serving cold Japanese food as well as room temp pre-packed bento. Decent food but steep prices. Self serve at the counter. Cold Udon ($10.95) - 3/5. Less than a cup of udon noodles with bonito flakes and seaweed. It was made really well, but for the price, not worth it. Spicy Tuna Onigiri ($2.45) - 2/5. Decent, warm slightly wet rice with little bit of oily mayo tuna. Tuna Onigiri ($2.45) - 3/5. Better than the spicy one.
#REVIEW#Black sesame soft serve is one of my most treasured treats. If it's on the menu, you can bet that's what I'm getting. I was really looking forward to trying Cafe Zaiya's, given the number of positive reviews.It was disappointing. Very disappointing. The black sesame flavor was not as prominent/concentrated as I have had elsewhere. The texture of the soft serve was icy and gritty. It felt like I was licking grains of sand off of my spoon. 2 stars based solely on the ice cream since it was edible, at least.The cafe itself seems like a good place for a casual grab-and-go or sit-down lunch (or snack). You don't need tip because you pick up your food from a designated area. The dine-in area is relatively spacious, clean, and well-lit. The employee who took my order was pleasant. These factors are what brings my rating up to 3 stars. Get your black sesame fix elsewhere.
#REVIEW#Still love the soft-serve matcha ice cream here! Awesome ice-cream dessert, but the main thing about this place is that it is a quick deli / lunch spot. It's not really meant for long sit-downs, more so there are tables for customer convenience but not to stay very long. The atmosphere for grab-and-go and very casual. The line is usually attended to quickly and its worth the walk for such good ice cream!
#REVIEW#It was a hot day and I was really craving some ice cream but also matcha... so to my luck I came across a place that sells matcha and black sesame soft serve!!!!! What!!! You can pick either flavor or do a twist of each. That is exactly what I did and it was delish! The place also sells sushi and some other pastries. It was delish and looked beautiful. If you like these flavors of soft serve it's a must try!! It was about $4.50/$5. There is a cone option but I went with cup. Enjoy!
#REVIEW#Matcha Ice Cream Only Review:I really enjoyed the matcha cone- it had good consistency and decent taste of green tea. $5 for a cone which wasn't so terrible considering regular Mister Softees in midtown charge $4!! I will certainly come back to try out black sesame. there's a decent amount of space inside to sit and enjoy. They have a wide array of asian snacks and cakes as well- hope to try those perhaps later.
#REVIEW#Let's see, hot NYC day after visiting the grand library and in need of some soft serve. Queue the horns for Cafe Zaiya which was nearby, and which offered some unique flavors to entice the palette.I honestly had no intentions of visiting Cafe Zaiya, but as already mentioned the stars aligned thanks to the heat and helpful ole Yelp leading the way to the nearest ice cream location. The cafe itself is a tad odd as it is split into three locations each serving different dishes and treats, but I was full steam ahead for some soft serve. I opted for the local favorite of green tea with black sesame swirl. While both were mild in flavor, it defiantly was a hit immediately with me as it steered me clear of the usual sugar bomb flavors I am accustomed to. Pricing was not too bad, but honestly hard to argue about pricing when it comes to anything NYC in terms of grub. Staff was quite friendly and they hustle everything along as it is NYC after all. There was plenty of seats for me to devour my delicious soft serve swirl while taking in the quintessential AC during the hotter months of NYC. All and all a good experience and would happily re visit to devour another soft serve as well as experience some of the other hold and cold food they offer at the cafe.
#REVIEW#Probably ordered the wrong thing but the Chicken Katsu Curry was just terrible. Cold and dry. -Staff are nice- only redeeming factor.
#REVIEW#I went there to try their famous matcha and sesame soft serve. It was really good. The quality of the matcha could be felt. Black sesame also had nice flavors. I also tried the green tea melon pan. Quality of the ingredients stands out. And it tasted really good.
#REVIEW#Hard to pass full judgement as I've only ever purchased the black sesame ice cream. However, theirs is the best. You can tell they're not skimping on the black sesame. It's rich and flavorful. They don't give you a puny cone either. Love it
#REVIEW#If you want to grab a quick bite near Bryant Park, Cafe Zaiya is a pretty good option. It has a variety of boxed lunches to go along with assorted bakery items, drinks, desserts and ramen/udon options on the kitchen menu. It has some seats if you want to eat in as well.Came here for its soft serve ice cream. So creamy and huge portion! Would recommend to bring a friend to share or you would be looking to spend an extra hour in the gym.
#REVIEW#The soft served cones that people were eating from this place caught our eyes so we stopped in for a try. We were already stuffed with ice cream from another place so only bought a combo cone to sample. It was pretty good. A nice unique favor and not too sweet. It's big enough for 2 people to share one. Worth a try for something different.
#REVIEW#Hands down the best black sesame soft serve EVER! This was such a delicious find (thanks to my cousins recommendation). My only regret is not eating here earlier in my trip instead of trying it an hour before leaving NYC :(I tried the sesame matcha swirl and it was the perfect combo. I did favor the sesame a bit more so might get all sesame next time. The price was reasonable, there is ample seating, and a lot of savory and sweet treats to choose from. This would be a great spot for breakfast or lunch too as they had bento box/rice dishes that are pre-made and ready to eat. Service was friendly and they did not judge me for ordering ice cream at 10:00AM which I appreciated :) Will DEFINITELY be back every time I am in NYC.
#REVIEW#OMG... I found my latest OBSESSION at Cafe Zaiya... ICED BLACK-SESAME MILK TEA for the win!!!  :)Seriously, I loved this drink and hope I'll be able to find it in LA.  Haven't seen it so far.It's not TOO sweet and I love the weird grey color and black-sesame spots.Only thing is:  I thought the weekday staff was much friendlier than the Saturday crew.  Plus, they mixed a better drink on the weekday.They changed the space A LOT since I last visited.  But all in all, I dig CAFE ZAIYA lots!  :)
#REVIEW#This place had been on my list for a long long time now. I finally decided to try their matcha ice cream about which I had heard such good things about. Unfortunately after I ordered their machine is broken down so I decided to try the matcha boba tea instead. And oh my god! The first sip I took I was in heaven. I swear to god I literally rolled my eyes and had that OMG expression. It's so so good! I never wanted it to be finished.!I even started dreaming and craving for it throughout the week! So much so that I went back for it again the next week. I even forgot that I had wanted to visit the place for their ice cream. Maybe it's time I go back for that soon( or end up ordering the boba tea again who knows!)
#REVIEW#Unassuming little cafe right off Bryant Park that offers fresh pastries and coffee. The aesthetic is definitely lacking especially for this part of the city, but they offer a small variety of sandwiches, bentos, and Asian pastries that are ready to eat. The seating area is quite large in proportion to the rest of the cafe, but it's generally pretty crowded. You can probably cop a chair here and there scattered about, but I wouldn't bet on fitting everyone if you're in a group of 4+ people. They have matcha and sesame soft serve for those with a sweet tooth! I've had this and some of their bread - nothing mind blowing but the prices and flavor were decent for a short break in the city. A good place to rest and snack if you're around the area!
#REVIEW#Came here with the boy at around 5pm or so on a Saturday for some dessert noms before dinner since you should always have sweets first before savory food right? The boy and I ordered a Matcha Sesame soft serve (aka mixed). One order costed $4.50, which for such a large serving, I thought it was ok. Texture of the soft serve wise, it was rich, silky, and smooth, which was a plus for me. HOWEVER, it was a bit too sweet for me and I felt that the matcha flavor was a bit too subtle for me. I was a fan of the sesame flavor as the sesame really did come through, but overall, the whole thing was just too sweet for me.Overall, I'd maybe come back here for the Black Sesame but will skip out on the Matcha flavor.
#REVIEW#REVIEW FOR THE SOFT SERVE ICECREAM: The main reason that I came here was the soft serve icecream. My first impression was how much they serve! And how #instaworthy it is!! Get the mix swirl and you'll get the perfect picture. The mixture of green tea and black sesame resulted in a subtle flavor. None was strong over the other.  Very creamy and despite that I didn't liked green tea, It was super tasty! For 4.90$ Totally worth it! Recommend the cone over the cup too! This cafe also offer other goodies from boba drinks to pre made foods. Large space with many seatings for you to enjoy your foods.
#REVIEW#Everything looked so good I didn't know what to getI ended up getting the teriyaki chicken bento boxI think I would have preferred the chicken Katsu sandwich because it's easier to eat and I was in a hurry!It was about $10 and honestly it was ok ha, very saucy.The stuff that probably would try are the matcha goods next time
#REVIEW#I honestly have not gotten anything here besides the matcha & black sesame soft serve swirl, but that's enough for me to love this place. The matcha isn't as dark and bitter as I like it, but it's lightly sweet and creamy, and the black sesame is superbly flavored. Both taste really legit, and I've never seen a long line, which is always a plus. If I really strain, I think I might've had an onigiri or two - I think they were pretty good, and overall a great deal because they're pretty cheap and convenient bites. Unfortunately, I have no recollection of what I've gotten - just fuzzy positive memories.
