#NAME#Shake Shack
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/shake-shack-new-york-9?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers,icecream#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Finally got to the states and tried out Shake Shack. Had the classic burger, whatever it is called, and it was delicious. The patty tastes like home grilled which I loved. Next time will try out a shake!
#REVIEW#Good burgers, definitely worth the stop. Get their signature Shakeburger.  Fries were just ok, lacking flavor.  They have beer on tap, 1-2 types from what I could tell.  The beer was good, highly recommended. Seating is hard to come by, but not impossible.  People come and go quickly.  I wasn't blown out of the water, but I did enjoy the burger.
#REVIEW#We had to tick this one off the least of things to try. First - there can be a line out of the front and it may seem like you won't get your food for ages, but the queue does move quite quickly and you generally have your meal about 10 minutes after you order.We got the double shack burger and chocolate shake with fries. The food was pretty good - might try the hot dog next time though.Good price. Getting a seat was impossible so we managed to steal a standing table which was pretty good.Service staff were great and really friendly, made sure I took my half drunk shake with me to make sure I got my $5.29 value worth. The line and the lack of seating are the only downsides to this place, but still worth the visit.
#REVIEW#Love this Shake Shack! Service was exceptional here. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Food service was quick and quality was great. Staff made sure we were enjoying meals and were quick to clean/take away our finished trays. Being close to Time Square, this place gets quite busy but I'd say it has a fair amount of seating. People are constantly in and out quick and plus there's two large hight tables to stand and eat. Additionally, security guards the exit door to this location! I love Shake Shack for their Shroom burger and cheese fries! The burger is deep fried oozing in cheese and mushroom and cheese fries have a really rich and creamy cheese flavour.
#REVIEW#Man, how much it pains me to write this review. I've been a die-hard Shack Shack fan for as long as I remember, but I can't ignore how terrible their customer service is, especially when online-ordering and on their app, which should make your experience better, not worse! They disregard any specific information you leave for your burger. For the order pictured, I specified that I wanted sauce on the side. What did I not receive? Sauce on the side. Moreover, on my DoorDash order, I paid for chocolate from Shake Shack (so good, my mom's favorite). As pictured, the bars of chocolate were not labeled on the bag and something I didn't receive. Don't get me wrong, their burgers and fries are insanely, out-of-this-world good, but their wait times (and service when you try to cut out said wait time) are atrocious.
#REVIEW#I've been to Shake Shack a few times, and this particular visit was similar to the others, albeit busier than usual. Shake Shack in the city means busy, busy, busy! The wait times to order were not unreasonable. As to service, the individual behind the counter was very friendly and patient. The lines were long, and the wait for a table was not.The food came out in less than 10 minutes, and was hot and fresh. My bun-less burger was wrapped in a humongous piece of lettuce, and was very flavorful. I skipped the fries, thinking that the bacon on top of my burger was plenty of unnecessary but welcome calories (and totally worth it). Not so many calories, however, to prevent me from having a vanilla shake, which was tasty but kind of small.  My accomplice had a concrete. It was the "oh my pie," which he described as "quite sweet, different and tasty."As to value, I would say slightly overpriced for what you get. My reference point would be in-n-out, which offers more food, similarly styled in some respects, for less money. Overall, For the money, speed, and quintessential burger chain experience, a solid three.UPDATE: I determined this year that I would scale back my ratings a bit, with 3 as reflecting an average experience. However, I would absolutely go to Shake Shack again, so given that let's update this to a solid 4. Not "take your breathe away" over the top stupendous, but "of course I'll eat here again" kinda really good. This decision was made before someone reached out to discuss my rating, but I'll admit it is pretty awesome to know they care enough to talk with me about the initial rating!
#REVIEW#When I think of Shake Shack, I think of burgers on a scale of restaurant quality. I was so excited to try Shake shack but ultimately I was disappointed. Shake Shack to me, is on a level of food better than fast food but you still prefer the fast food. The service was rushed but I let that pass because it was busy and the cashiers have jobs to do, also there is no waiter service so I wasn't expecting amazing service.  They have a minimum selection of burgers which I feel are overpriced and you have to get fries and drink separate which makes the food more overpriced than it's worth. I got the Bacon Burger and my girlfriend got the Shack Burger. We didn't wait long for our food considering the line but it wasn't very hot. There was nothing that truly stood out to me about the burger or fries. The food was pretty bland. I've had better food from cheaper places and that says something I don't know, I may give Shake Shack another chance in Atlanta and see if there is a difference, but who knows. Maybe my expectations were too high. Our total: 2 burgers, a order of fries and a small drink was 30 dollars
#REVIEW#Spicy fried chicken sandwich - dry chicken but overall not too bad. Pretty decent.Fries were really good - nice and crispy with plenty of potato in the middle. Vanilla shake was alright. This place is always so crowded at night. I recommend ordering online then going to pick up because the line is crazy long late at night.
#REVIEW#Excellent cheese burger with fries. Very meaty but I would prefer a bit thicker buns. Love the fries.
#REVIEW#It took 24 minutes to get our food and they still got the order wrong. They shorted us a burger. The employees are dancing behind the counter singing they only had a 7 minute wait time while we continued to wait. It became chaos. Not the place to go before seeing a show. Barely made the curtain and one of us went hungry. Avoid this location. 44th and 8th Avenue.
#REVIEW#Best option in the area for late-night cravings. Get the shack burger, cheese fries, and a Diet Coke (because you're watching your figure). It will set you back $16 (because the New York mafia needs its cut). Staff weren't rude, and the place wasn't filthy, which is amazing for NYC. The restaurant is bigger than my entire hotel. Minus one star because I hate this bed-bug infested, God-forsaken state and it's prices, taxes, and attitude.
#REVIEW#Better than In-n-Out. But you have to know how to order. (Medium-rare with extra Shacksauce).The bun is soft. The sauce is thousand-islandy but more mustardy than In-n-Out's. The meat can be somewhat dry at its usual medium-well but is well-seasoned.It's not restaurant quality at all. But it's better than most fast food places.The shakes and concretes have never lived up to my expectations, and I've tried three of them.
#REVIEW#Saw Strictly Dumpling video comparing Shake Shack and In-Out burger. In it he ate just about every burger there was and what caught my eye was the Shack Stack.   Met my friend in the city and I had the Shack Stack and friend had the Shroom burger.  I asked for the sauce on the side, and I must say the burger didn't need the sauce.  It had a lot of flavor without it. The portobello mushroom was covered in crispy deep fried breading with muenster and cheddar cheese. The contrast of crispy and gooey was quite nice. I probably should have gotten the shroom burger cause I didn't notice the beef patty and probably just got in the way.My mistake is going to this Times Square location. It was pretty busy full of tourists and while the burger was good, the woman calling out the food was no bueno.  Very unhelpful to say the least and I'll leave it at that.
#REVIEW#Well... Shake Shack is now officially my favourite American burger.  Which makes sense since it is quite similar to my favourite burger at home!We had a HUGE dinner elsewhere, but headed to Shake Shack for a late night milkshake.  The line was crazy, but very organized and moves quickly.The burgers smell AMAZING, and I can't wait to try one next time I'm in the area.  There just wasn't any room for them this time.  We each opted for just a milkshake and they were absolutely perfect.
#REVIEW#Heard a lot of great things about this place. So was really excited to try it when I went to New York. When we got to the place it was really busy had a long line but it went pretty quickly. I ordered the Shack burger and fries. The Shack burger had lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese , red onions and shack sauce in it . It was just amazing so flavourful and juicy. The sauce added to the amazing flavour of the burger. The fries were good too nice and crispy. Next time I want to try one of the shakes also looked really good. Wish they had locations in Canada. Will definitely be going back whenever I go to the states next.
#REVIEW#Love getting my shake shack fix! The double cheeseburger was oily, salty, juicy but nonetheless delicious. The buns were a bit soggy though. The fries were crispy.Although the restaurant was packed, the service was fast. There is not many tables/seats  considering the number of people that eat there every day.
#REVIEW#Never gave two thoughts about Shake Shack until I had the chance to bite into one of these juicy things. Now I'm a fan.This location is super duper busy as it is located in Times Square but the staff do what they can to be as fast and efficient as possible. Seating might be an issue so you just have to keep an eagle eye out when a spot opens up. Usually people move in and out quite quickly. People see and places to eat while in the BIg Apple.It's a burger joint that knows how to prepare all of the different elements of a burger just right. I don't know if there is a better way to explain it. If you can do a few things well, it's better than do a lot of things poorly.I ended up choosing the regular burger and a side of fries. I chose to wash it down with an iced tea while my YEA wanted the peanut butter milkshake.The burger patty is made fresh, smashed on the grilled, and cooked till it's oh so ready. The cheese is nicely melted on the top. Some freshly cut tomatoes, lettuce, and condiments just round it out.Their fries are also a nice compliment with the burger. They are crispy and have a satisfying crunch when you bite into it. You can dip it into the cheese dip mixed with legit bacon bits.The peanut butter milkshake was better than I had expected. Although you can't have too many of those or else they go straight to your butt. LOL.I can totally understand the hype around Shake Shack outside of the In & Out west coast craze.
#REVIEW#Yup, four stars for a shake shack. Line was well coordinated, wait times were fair, and the inside was very decent for a super busy location. Went here twice while staying in the neighborhood. Typical frozen crinkle cut fries came out hot and crispy. Chuck burger was on-point on the soft potato bun, yummy. First day in the area needed a quick snack, the wonderful counter girl took my fries order and ran them out to me herself the moment they came out of the fryer. The last day on our way out, grabbed the burgers and they were awesome (came out exactly as ordered). All the tourists and locals and commuters found their way through the place and all was good. Location is as consistent as Madison Park, (and Garden City) and much better than Penn Station. Toppings were distributed and not dripping out one side. Be prepared to pay a multiple over fast food, but oh so gooooood.
#REVIEW#With so many reviews its going to be hard to say anything that isn't already covered.  I've been to a few of the locations a number of times.  They make solid burgers, great quality toppings, and seem to deliver a very consistent burger.  I do enjoy their crinkle cut fries.  I recommend the plain fries rather than the cheese fries.  What you need to make sure to get is the frozen custards (they are awesome)My only issue is portion to cost.  Your getting everything really nice quality, but it isn't going to come cheap.  Not a horrible value, but not a steal.As for this location, if you come during a peak rush, be expected a while to actually get your order placed.  And good luck finding seating. I won't show up to this one unless I'm either doing a late lunch, otherwise I'll pass for another location.  But it is Times Square, what do you expect.
#REVIEW#This place is always good but my goodness this location is so busy and packed. It's open late (midnight) but the lines are crazy all day. To the credit of the staff they try and control the chaos but having the line start right at the door is problematic.
