#NAME#DOMODOMO
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/domodomo-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Eating here has been the thrill of a lifetime. I'm honored to be a party to such an exercise in wanton hedonism. It is a celebration of life which honors us all maximizing the value of my time here so that God knows how precious every moment is. Hallelujah
#REVIEW#I'm so happy to find Domo Domo. In my opinion, I feel like their more creative with their nigiri and hand rolls. Not to mention they have a good lunch special and alcohol selection. The place seem very intimate. Honestly, I prefer this place over Kazu if you're more into the fusion taste. All the sauces complimented with the fish very well. Definitely a go-to place in NYC.
#REVIEW#Minimal, dimly lit, modern interior. It's sleek and elegant, yet intimate inside. The menu consists of a few course menus as well as lots of a la carte sushi items and hot items.We went with the sushi and roll course, comprising of a salmon sashimi appetizer, followed by 8 pieces of nigiri, and choice of two hand rolls. Salmon sashimi was incredibly fresh, cubed well, and the portion was very generous. The sauce was nice and flavorful without overwhelming the fish.The nigiri platter was beautifully presented and there wasn't a single bad piece. All the fish was so fresh, and as someone who doesn't like shellfish, I was happy to discover that it was all fish.For the hand rolls, I opted for the yellowtail and crab. Crab hand roll also included avocado and tuna, and the roll was meaty and delicious. Yellowtail was fresh and well complemented by the green onion. Seaweed was perfectly crispy and rolls were immaculately rolled. This was so good that we ordered additional rolls (as well as a few more nigiri pieces). Honestly didn't think the course was that much food, but I guess I eat a lot? Especially when it comes to sushi lol. Also, their ginger was phenomenal. Tasted homemade and was so fresh and perfect with the sushi.
#REVIEW#DO NOT GET SUSHI HERE. ORDER HOT DISHES FROM THE KITCHEN. THEY ARE SO. MUCH. BETTER.Each dish from the kitchen was so incredibly tasty. I was disappointed they ran out of uni so no uni pasta but the crab pasta was extremely satisfying nonetheless. Also enjoyed the grilled octopus and the oyster tasting. My boyfriend who got the sushi tasting was so jealous of all my dishes.
#REVIEW#Loved my dinner experience at DOMODOMO! I walked in with my bf at 5:30 pm and we got seated immediately at the bar. We had the sushi omakase + some small plates to share.All the raw fish we got is sooo fresh and delicious. It is quite surprising since the price tag here is lower than most of the omakase places in New York. My favorites are blue crab handroll and scallop handroll - both are so fresh and so full of flavor. As for small plates: we got the cod and the cauliflower. Both are good, but not as impressive as the sushi/handrolls. Hence, if you come to DOMODOMO, I would highly recommend you to focus on the raw fish part of the menu. As for drink, we ordered the hot sake to share, which also has high quality. All in all, I really enjoyed my dinner in DOMODOMO. Ps: the bill came out to be $60 per person - not bad at all for a delicious/romantic sushi dinner
#REVIEW#Was really impressed with this spot. Came here a couple months back with 2 friends, and we opted for the Domokase - virtually their version of a tasting menu. Upon arrival, we were immediately struck by the unique restaurant design. There's basically 3 different parts to the restaurant, 2 dining areas, and a bar area, each offering a distinct and unique design. Very IG friendly, but not in a distracting way (think Pod in Philly for all of my sushi people out there). We were sat immediately on arrival, and service was consistently good throughout the evening. I have a shellfish allergy and they were very accommodative to making subs when we selected the Domokase, which includes oysters and scallops. It was a Sunday night, so we opted for a 350 mL bottle of the NOTO Sake to supplement our meal, rather than the 720 mL, and I think that was the right choice. Gave us each about 2 pours. The dishes were sequenced appropriately, with solid portion sizes. We all left full, and my friends typically have pretty solid appetites. The chawanmushi was a really unique dish - unlike anything else we've had before.  The tuna cone, and toro sushi were also standouts. You can opt out of 3 deserts for your final course, and I went with the machta ice cream, and that was definitely the right choice.  Overall, I was really satisfied with this spot, and I'm kind of a sushi snob. I would recommend making a reservation - even on Sunday night the place was pretty packed. Plus, it's won a Michelin bib the last 3 years, meaning it could potentially get starred in the next year or two. The dress code is fairly casual - be fashionable, or wear a button down for gents, avoid shorts and tennis shoes. At $85 for the Domokase, this has to be one of the best buys in the entire city. Incredible deal. Good spot for perhaps a 2nd date, or a visit with friends, not a spot for kids. Definitely will be back, great work!
#REVIEW#Came during lunch and ordered their 5 hand rolls for $22. Although it's not the type of hand rolls I'm used to seeing, these were quite massive and resemble more of a taco. That might just be how they make it for lunch, but I'm not really sure. With the lunch special, we weren't able to pick any duplicate rolls. I ordered the scallop, spicy salmon, salmon, blue crab and negitoro. You have to eat these right away because the seaweed gets soggy almost immediately. Don't go wasting any time by waiting for the rest of your table to get their food before diving in. Fresh rolls and filling for a reasonable price.
#REVIEW#My husband brought me here to celebrate our 11 years together! What made this dinner special was the Uni and Wagyu hand roll ($16 on it's own, and extra charge if added into the Domokase). This literally melt in my mouth and was absolutely delightful.We got the Domokase (signature course) for $85:1. Oyster Sampler - seasonal oyster with scallop, yuzu foam. This yuzu foam was super citrusy and refreshing - goes great with the oysters.2. Chawanmushi - egg custard, black truffle sauce with cremini mushroom. I really liked the addition of black truffle sauce, and the consistency & creaminess of the Chawanmushi was spot on.3. Salmon tartare - with sourdough and yuzu yogurt. I didn't find this particularly memorable. I mean it was good but nothing amazing. 4. Miso black cod - with Kabocha puree with picked mustard seeds. Loved the umami kick and strong miso flavor from the cod. Yum! 5. Tuna cone - with truffle oil and granola. I thought the idea of putting tuna in an ice cream cone was an interesting idea, I think I would not have liked it if the cone was bigger but it was a nice bite sized. 6. Scallop - with sweet onion sauce and dashi risotto. The dashi risotto was delicious; creamy and savory. Scallop was seared really nicely too. 7. Chef's choice premium sushi (8 pieces) - this was delicious. Everything that the chef gave me and my husband were extremely fresh.8. Choice of (1) hand roll - I paid extra (I believe it was $8 extra?) and got the Uni & Wagyu (A5, Miyazaki) hand roll. OH MY GOD. This made my night. This was like surf and turf in one bite. The sweetness and brininess from the uni with the rich flavorful wagyu. I was in heaven. Literally melts in your mouth! 9. Dessert - I got the Matcha ice cream with chocolate sauce. It was just your standard Matcha ice cream, nothing special. My husband got the Hojicha pudding, he said he really liked the roasted nutty taste of the Hojicha tea in the pudding. For drinks, we asked for recommendation in terms of Sake, our waitress recommended the SOTO (Niigata) for $50. It was really crisp, refreshing with a dry finish. However, we did not feel that this was $50 worth of Sake. We googled afterwards and retail price is $19.99 so I felt a little jipped. Overall, great service and delicious food. However, I don't think I will be doing the Domokase again. I might end up doing the Sushi & Handroll course ($45) that has Choice of Salmon/Tuna sashimi, chef's choice sushi (8 pieces) and choice of (2) hand rolls. Obviously, pay extra to substitute the hand rolls for the uni & wagyu hand rolls. Tip: My husband said if you want to sit at the sushi bar, you do need to specify it in the reservation.
#REVIEW#Overall: 4; Food: 3.75; Atmosphere: 4.25; Service: 4Food: 3.75Solid food. Not life changing. - ***Miso black cod: My favorite dish of the meal. Would repeat. Really moist and buttery taste. Miso just right and not too overpowering.- Hot udon with washu beef: Decent udon, good broth- Hand rolls: Fresh, simple, tasty, crispy seaweed- Korean fried chicken: Basic fried chicken; not super uniqueAtmosphere: 4.25The atmosphere is the standout element here to me. It's hard to find a Japanese spot that has a date night vibe. It has the feel of a Japanese restaurant, with the wood paneling and wood booths, while still feel sophisticated and intimate.
#REVIEW#Came here yesterday for dinner with friends and I had super high expectations for the food and the service since I had this place bookmarked for a long time. What i was really looking forward to was the magic towel that expands which i see all my friends post about... even though we ordered 3 domokase and cooked food we never got it, so i'm wondering what do i gotta order in order to get that? Service was adequate our waters were refilled throughout the night, it could have been better though since it was all of our first time here, some recommendations would have been nice. I thought the price was really good for the amount of food they give you but nothing really wowed me from the domokase.. out of the entire course my favorite pieces was probably the king salmon and the cod? I enjoyed the hojicha pudding and would recommend that out of all the desserts, the matcha ice cream was good as well but i would not recommend the pineapple brulee since i was anticipating pineapple flavored creme brulee, instead it was literally 3 pieces of pineapple coated in sugar. Even though a lot of my friends said this is one of their favorite restaurant it fell a little below my expectations. P.S Where is my magic towel?
#REVIEW#I've been wanting to try DOMODOMO for a while now because of the great reviews from yelp, but I must say I am very disappointed with my experience. We got the sushi course, which was $55 (they haven't updated the changes on the website yet). This comes with the egg custard w/ black truffle sauce & mushrooms, 12 pieces of sushi, 1 choice of handroll (wagyu & uni +$10), and choice of dessert.Honestly, no highlights for me over here. The one I liked the most was probably the fatty tuna but that's just bc I like fatty tuna- definitely have had way better. I didn't have very high expectations considering the price ($55 is so cheap), but I did expect the quality to be a lot better. The uni was very fishy and left a bad aftertaste in my mouth and the unagi tasted burnt. The amount of wasabi was also too overwhelming. Aside from quality, the pieces of sushi were also very small (which would have been fine if the quality made up for it). For dessert, we got the matcha ice cream (not bitter at all) and pineapple brûlée (really sweet and refreshing). I enjoyed both which ended my meal on a good note! Service was decent. They refilled our cups several times. I wish our chef would have wiped our plates down after each piece (saw the other chef next to us doing this which is always a plus) and wish he didn't rush our courses (he would randomly place our pieces on the plates that I didn't even want to take pictures). Still giving this place 3 stars because of the price for the overall package. I think $55 is a fair price and can see why the fish wasn't as fresh as the more expensive alternatives. However, I wouldn't consider this a steal. For this price range, I would rather go to Sushi by M.
#REVIEW#Had this a while back. Of the many japanese sushi places around NYC, I would say DOMODOMO is right in the middle. It isn't the best sushi you've ever had, nor is it bad sushi. For the price, you're getting what you paid for. I had the sushi course because I love sushi and my friend had the DOMOKASE.The sushi course has, as it says, 12 pieces of sushi. The pieces are well made, but don't expect anything mind blowing like you would find at some other places that are triple the price. For the price, the 12 pieces are marinated enough that you wouldn't be like "Wow I could have just went to a cheaper place instead."The DOMOKASE on the other hand, I felt was lacking. My friend had less sushi, and then the other additional pieces (oyster, steamed egg) were just okay, not worth the additional price you're paying compared to the sushi course.Overall, great experience, the decor is nice, and as I've said multiple times, great bang for the buck.
#REVIEW#There's really nothing to dislike about DOMODOMO. Their interior design is beautiful, staff are friendly and professional, and the food is amazing both taste-wise and price-wise! My boyfriend and I came here on a weekday night (made spontaneous reservations for domokase) and were seated right away. Note: there's actually two sections of this restaurant with separate entrances. The one on the left is for domokase/dinner and the one on the right is their raw bar (will definitely check that out next time for their happy hour oyster special!). The only other omakase experience I've had was at Nakazawa so I don't have much to compare with but I will say that I was a bit worried about how satisfied my stomach would be after this meal. 8 pieces didn't seem like it would fill me up so would the price be worth it? It was. Combined with their 3 starters and dessert, I walked out of the establishment fairly content and pleasantly surprised that I didn't need a round 2. In terms of quality of fish, the pieces all melted in my mouth like butter. It was delicious. I especially wanted 50 pieces of the king salmon alone. And who knew a handroll could be so mind blowing?! My taste buds were screaming. If I had all the money in the world I'd probably be at this place once a week. But you don't need all the money in the world to return for special occasions :) we will definitely be returning.
#REVIEW#Amazing food and service. Have been frequenting this restaurant since it opened and have enjoyed and loved many of their dishes. Definitely recommend ordering the Domokase if it's your first visit to get a taste of both kitchen food and sushi. Other dishes worth trying are uni pasta, Korean fried chicken, the large chawanmushi, miso black cod handroll and the wagyu uni handroll. Trust me. You won't regret it!
#REVIEW#This place is awesome. Came here on a Saturday night with a reservation. We were seated at the sushi bar in the back, right in the middle two seats. We considered doing the Domokase (seems like a great value), but primarily wanted sushi so ordered a la carte. Everything was so fresh!Standouts were medium fatty toro, king salmon with sea salt, negi toro hand roll, blue crab and spicy yellowtail. Oh and black miso cod was excellent as well. We ordered a bottle of the shichida sake (waiter's recommendation) and liked it very much. I appreciated that he allowed us to try two types of sake before choosing a bottle. Service was flawless all night. A lot of reviews described this place as serene, which I could definitely picture if less full, but it was certainly very lively and energetic. Perfect for a Saturday night. Will be going back for sure!
#REVIEW#Came in got the omikase prix fixe menu containing their signature dishes. Super cool dining experience and the presentation of these dishes was aesthetically pleasing. Recommend trying the omikase if you're looking to mix things up a bit. But next time I go back I'll just stick to the hand rolls- too good to spend money elsewhere in the menu. It is expensive but you get what you pay for given the high quality ingredients. Plan to visit again for an another special occasion.
#REVIEW#Domodomo has two sections - the general restaurant for reservations and the raw bar for walk ins. This review is for the raw bar.We arrived at 5:45pm and luckily got seated at the chefs counter immediately. We ordered the Korean fried chicken, rock shrimp tempura, and 4 hand rolls (soft shell crab, spicy salmon, avocado, fatty tuna). Everything was absolutely delicious!The highlights for me were the hand rolls - no surprise here since this is what they're known for. The spicy salmon and avocado rolls were my favorite! The seaweed used to wrap these rolls we're crunchy and perfectly portioned for the filing inside.Apart from the food, the service also really impressed me here. The chef making hand rolls to order was brilliant. It felt like a personal omakase even though he was actually handling the entire restaurant. He made each roll, waited an appropriate amount of time (giving you enough time to finish gushing over your last bite), and then served the next.I'm getting hungry just writing this review - will absolutely be back here!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite sushi place in NYC! The price is reasonable and if you go during happy hour, you can taste various appetizers with your meal. The oysters were fresh and the cream on top was new and delicious. I love this place because you can choose a lot of options without breaking your bank. You can choose what kind of maki you want in the maki set and everything was so delicious.
#REVIEW#One of the best omakase experience I have had!  The sushi was very fresh!  Some were lightly seared, some were sprinkled with drops of tasty sauce.  Service was attentive.  It was totally worth the $$$!
#REVIEW#Four of us went here and three of us got the handroll sashimi course and one of us ordered the Miso Cod. The miso cod is absolutely amazing, as are the scallop rolls. I definitely suggest trying the scallops and cod whether alone or as a roll. The servings are very tiny. The couple next to us had to ask for the menu back while we were just being seated. None of us were especially hungry when we arrived so we thought we would be okay with the course. But we ended up asking for the menu again as well. Even the three of us who ordered the handroll sashimi course needed more food. The miso cod dish was a hot dish and if you want to go with a hot dish, then I'd say order at least two, because it is TINY. We ended up adding a lobster roll, a miso cod roll, some of the tobiko, and a blue crab roll.That being said everything is delicious and while I cry over the price, I think it was worth. While I'm giving this five stars I still am inclined to prefer Nobu. I've been to Nobu a more and have had better chances to taste their food, but I think the prices are comparable given the size of their dishes and I like the interior decor of Nobu more as well. Also if you're drinking alcohol then Nobu has a MUCH better selection.
