#NAME#S'MAC
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/smac-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tradamerican,gluten_free,vegetarian#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Pretty solid Mac & cheese with a good cheese to macaroni ratio and an extensive menu. You get a lot for the price and it comes out fresh and hot. I also liked that the ordering process is entirely automated, it makes this place a lot more casual. The interior was cute as well, my only complaint being that there wasn't much space between tables (especially by the window). I ordered the 4 cheese Mac with extra bread crumbs. The bread crumb top was delicious but I felt they could've added some more, it made me wonder what "regular" bread crumbs would've been like. Furthermore the Mac and cheese was a little oily and I wish it had a bit more flavor, but overall, solid texture and lots of Mac for your money. I'll probably be back.
#REVIEW#I came here with my friend while I was doing a detox that required me to be vegan and gluten free. Mac and cheese is one of my favorite foods but I have never been able to find a suitable substitute for the real deal. S'MAC changed that for me. I got the gluten free mac with the vegan cheese and it tasted damn good. They have sooo many pre-made or build your own options with many different toppings and cheeses. You can get it baked, with breadcrumbs, etc. Everything comes baked in a cast iron skillet. They have a sampler platter you can get to try different macs. The sitting area is colorful and especially nice when the weather is good with open doors all around. Cashier was nice and helpful. Service is relatively quick, given that they bake the mac and cheese. Took maybe 10 minutes to get our meals.Will come back to try different macs!
#REVIEW#Gluten free options Chill atmosphere 2/4 price nicely valued, sizes are perfect choices We loved it You order everything from two tablets in front and a cashier can assist you if you need the help.Is good for couples and small groups Chill Friday night or Saturday night spot
#REVIEW#S'MAC Nevers ceases to please when it comes to Mac and cheese ! This is the buffalo chicken major munch. This is what happens when you order with your eyes and not your stomach haha. They offer gluten free elbow pasta and gf breadcrumbs.  $1.50 extra for the nosh size and $3 more for the major munch size.I understand that running a restaurant isn't cheap in this city, but not a huge fan of the ordering kiosks they have instead of humans. The ordering line grew very quickly especially if you had questions or were confused on how to use the machine.
#REVIEW#For fans of mac and cheese, this is mecca! There are around a dozen variations on the menu. You order through an iPad kiosk and everything comes out in a cast iron skillet, which adds to the crisp. The wait is really long at times, but worth it.I had the Philly cheesesteak mac and cheese because, well, I'm originally from Philly. It was good but the onions were a little overpowering. My daughter had the Alpine, which is gruyere with slab bacon. I will say that her's was the real deal! Awesome.The Major Munch size arguably could feed two if you're not starving hungry. The good news is that there are self-serve to-go boxes if you order more than you can finish.
#REVIEW#My history with S'MAC goes way back. I remember visiting their smaller EV location when it was closer to 14th St. I'm happy to see they got a larger space in the EV but disappointed to hear the Murray Hill location closed. I thought the Murray Hill location was the nicest one with booths, etc. I guess times are tough when you're running a business.I always get the All American because I'm not adventurous. I've never had a problem with my food. The Nosh Portion (smallest size) is more than enough food. I do think the restaurant itself could be cleaner and better laid out. It's very disorganized with a dirty water jug in the front with free water, scuffed up walls, etc. I never remember the Murray Hill location looking roughed up but the original EV location was pretty rough around the edges too. I'm not sure how they treat employees though. I've never personally witnessed a negative situation, but years ago when I visited the Murray Hill shop, the woman ringing me up asked if I knew anyone who was hiring because she hated her job. Overall, I think this place is worth a visit if you love Mac n Cheese and it's some of the best Mac around.
#REVIEW#S'MAC me in the face to wake me up from this nightmare. This Mac and cheese is disgusting. And all I could think about while eating it is how much I regret ordering from here and how I should have eaten Panera instead. Panera's Mac and cheese is the bomb. And it's not overpriced and dry like the servings here. The service and the staff here are efficient and nice, which is great. But it's too bad the food here is over hyped and doesn't deliver the standards you hold it to before walking in. I think SMAC needs to reformulate their dishes because the food just simply doesn't hit home.
#REVIEW#NOT GOOD EXPERIENCE! My wife and I are traveling from Dallas to visit NYC. We were very excited to see this place and try it. BTW, we are HUGE CHEESE LOVERS. We tried the sampler, we were not impressed with a single type of Mac and cheese. I wouldn't say it was really good, but I wouldn't say it was bad either. It was meh...Furthermore, the Hispanic man working behind the counter was so uninterested in the customers. He seemed constantly annoyed; his attitude seemed very "whatever" the entire time we were there. I would watch him to see if it was just me; we noticed other customers felt the same way. I would fire him immediately if he chooses to have that sort of persona. This is a very popular place and it gives the place a bad rep. Go try it for yourself, you make love the Mac and Cheese! I pray you have a better experience than we did; especially with the staff specifically. (PIC OF EMPLOYEE BELOW)
#REVIEW#Came here for the $1 birthday special and was not disappointed. The Mac and cheese here is the perfect comfort food, and the small size is perfect for a light meal. The restaurant caters to both gluten free and vegan eaters, and there is a wide variety of flavors to choose from. It can get crowded at times, but it's worth the wait. (Birthday servings were packed to go, but it usually comes in a little skillet)
#REVIEW#I love Mac' and Cheese, so naturally I would love S'Mac... Soooo many options, so how do you choose which 1 to try? For your first visit, you don't. You choose the sampler which ended up being a great decision. Some varieties I liked more than others, 1 I thought I would like but didn't, was surprised by 1, and another, I would not order again.My Least Favorite was the 1. Cheeseburger, a safe somewhat boring choice and 2. Parisienne, which I thought I would love butt the flavor a a little too earthySomewhere In  the middle fell 1.the Cajun, which all  I could taste was sausage but lacked a little heat, and 2.    Four Cheese, which was actually the perfect blend for a traditional a Mac n cheese but it just didn't shine compared to the othersMy top 3 faves were 1. the Alpine, which had a strong cheese(assuming Swiss) with a great meaty surprise,  2. La Mancha, well seasoned but hard to describe, and 3. Napoletana,  American Mexican flavor inspiredNext time I'll order one of my faves plus try 1 of the varieties that didn't come on the sampler. Choose wisely. Happy Mac 'n Cheesing! And may the odds be ever in your favor! Lol
#REVIEW#Spell the name S'MAC out, and you get Sarita's Macaroni & Cheese, so why you'd expect anything else is beyond me. If you're one of those people who need a little something healthy, there's also an option for a mixed salad, but I think that defeats the entire purpose of coming here. Just barely lunchtime on a Sunday, the place filled up quickly. Simple seating and sparsely decorated, you order at a kiosk while a few food runners wait behind the counter. There's a number of options regarding the variety of serving sizes and the types of mac & cheese. As with anything where you have choices, some are better than others. Having ordered the sampler skillet, there's 8 different types of the mac & cheese. Someone brings the skillets to your table, but you're expected to bus your table when done, with a couple of bins sitting center stage, right in the middle of the small restaurant space. All in all, the food was good, I liked the more unique selections, but I was expecting a little more in the overall dining experience. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I felt like whatever that something is, it was missing. Having "sampled" now, next time I go back, I'll be committing to only one or two different types.
#REVIEW#Five stars because this is my favorite Mac n Cheese in NYC. Maybe the staff could be a little friendlier, but that's really the only criticism I have. It's well-priced, delicious, and quick. I recommend the Napoletana mac n cheese, I've been here so many times and it's the only one I get. It's also very filling. Love this place!!
#REVIEW#Was craving mac and cheese and my boyfriend suggested we check this place out since they got good reviews for their vegan mac and cheese. So we stopped by and the reviews didn't disappoint, that mac and cheese was soooo good. Got the mongo to share with vegan cheese and shiitake mushroom. The dish was serve in cast iron skillet (which came in different sizes depending on how hungry you are). I really liked the crunchy breadcrumbs on top, next time I'll order extra. I've tried other vegan mac and cheese from different places and this place probably my new favorite place. It was cheesy, creamy, gooey, and oh so very delicious.
#REVIEW#My boyfriend and I were really looking forward to this place but were a little disappointed.  Boyfriend's order: CajunWe thought that the spice on this one was very good but it just didn't have that kick from the pepper jack - you could hardly even tell it was there.. My order: Build your own - Cheddar & American cheese, hot dogs, bell pepper & onionsI give the mac a 7/10 mostly because of the sauce. You would expect it to be super cheesy, creamy, and delicious but we found it to be a little floury. It needed more seasoning or something! I think it was a little over priced for what you get, especially when it's not the best mac & cheese I've ever had. BUT the portion sizes are very generous. We probably could have just shared the Major Munch instead of getting 2. We do plan on returning to try the sampler just to see if the ones were ordered weren't the best the first time.
#REVIEW#Absolutely delicious spin on the classic Mac and cheese recipe! S'MAC is definitely a place to check out if you are in the East Village area. After contemplating for 20 minutes on what to get I finally settled for the buffalo mac and cheese. It came with pieces of chicken, buffalo sauce, blue cheese, and bread crumbs. It was a perfect size to share or have on your own! I will definitely be coming back if I'm in the NYC area :)
#REVIEW#The mac and cheese here is REALLY greasy...pretty gross when your lunch comes swimming in a puddle of oil. But if you can get past that, flavours and price are alright. We ordered the sampler, which comes with 8 different types of mac - I liked the decent selection since a lot of places usually fall back on using the more 'boring' flavours in their sampler dishes, but this wasn't really the case here. The cheeseburger and four-cheese were best in our opinion, while the international flavours like Spain, France, and 'alpine' fell short.The sampler is an okay size for two people - it definitely doesn't leave you stuffed, but the amount of grease also puts you off from wanting to eat more. Overall food was a 3 for me, but I did love sitting in the corner with floor to ceiling windows all around.
#REVIEW#I came here with my wife and two close friends.  We had a sampler platter, and 4 of the small individual servings.  The place is small and cramped, and the wait was not unreasonable given the number of people there.  There were fewer tables than people who wanted them, but we got lucky and were able to snag a table just as we walked in.  The Mac and Cheese was hot, and of the 8 types we tried, most were really good.  I'd be happy to come back and try some more of their types, or even to make my own.  The Four Cheese was one of my favorites, of the sample platter, although each had their own distinct flavors.  If you like Mac and Cheese, come with friends, get a sampler, and a few other small dishes, and eat up!
#REVIEW#Fast food Mac n' Cheese. What a time to be alive.Had a few friends over my house on a rainy afternoon, throwing back some beers, and watching the latest season of Big Mouth on Netflix. Suddenly, the cheese craving hit...Got delivery from Uber eats. The boxes the food is packaged in is super fun to eat out of. We ordered a medium 4 cheese (tasty!), and cheeseburger mac n cheese (tastier!). Each serves 1-2 people.I was really impressed with the food. The cheese has the perfect amount of creamyness and flavor. Would recommend adding this spot to your late nite rotation.
#REVIEW#So damn good! Every time I'm in New York i make a visit here or two visits hehe. It's very quick to order you go up to the counter and enter in your order through a kiosk tablet type thing and you can pick any type of Mac and cheese you want or build your own. For my meal i order the traditional Mac & cheese with seasoned ground beef , jalapeños , and everts bread crumbs! It was delicious and the size was perfect for lunch. I would definitely recommend being adventurous with your Mac & cheese there's no impossibles here.
#REVIEW#Definitely a great place to satisfy that gourmet Mac and Cheese craving without breaking the bank! My friend and I ordered an alpine and a cajun, respectively, to eat at home. They had the take away versions but we just ended up reheating them in the oven.I really liked the Alpine as the cheese taste was subtle but flavorful in its own way - it really was the superstar. I'm not sure if it was because we rebaked them though that the bacon was a bit burnt or maybe too thick cut? The Cajun was also really good and "peppery" as my friend described it. I didn't notice the cheese too much as most of the taste came from the sausage and the bell pepper.I most certainly want to come back and try their other flavors in house!
