#NAME#The Smith
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-smith-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#2nd time here, and still a great experience!  First time we came we had dinner, and this time we came for breakfast (a year later), and the entire meal was fantastic!  I had steak and eggs and everything was cooked perfectly.  Kameer, our waiter, was attentive and polite.  All around "thumbs up" on the service.  Can't recommend this place highly enough!
#REVIEW#The Smith is a great restaurant for lunch in midtown Manhattan. The food is delicious! The chips with fondue are nice and crisp and tangy (the fondue includes blue cheese crumbles). The steak salad has a good balance of steak (cooked to the appropriate medium rare), arugula, goat cheese, and dressing.The salmon is cooked to a perfect medium rare and is presented well. Some of my other favorites include the gnocchi and Brussels sprouts.My only caution is that it is quite loud!
#REVIEW#Pretty scrumptious breakfast! I had the eggs Benedict with home fries on the sides. I enjoyed it tremendously. My coworker got the steak and eggs, ordered medium, but it came out well done. We were in a rush so we had to just go with it.The atmosphere is nice and sleek. I must say the bathrooms are great! European style with individual little rooms. It's shared, no men's and women's. I'd recommend it if you're in town.
#REVIEW#Went here last night and had a lovely date night with my husband.  The only bad thing was the ceiling leaking on my husband and probably in his food and drink.  After we ate we did mention it to the waiter who was very kind and comped us a dessert for the inconvenience.  The s'mores dessert was delicious, very rich but very good.  We were quite full from the meal short rib cavatelli ×2, shrimp cocktail, hot chips, our drinks.  Lol.  The hot chips we weren't really fans of this time around.  The shrimp cocktail was good, presentation was nice.
#REVIEW#Great service, the food was good, not amazing. The burger was the best dish overall. Great mimosas.
#REVIEW#One of my friends and I attended the AIDS Walk in Central Park and decided to grab some brunch afterwards. After a quick Yelp search we found The Smith - it looked like a solid spot so off we went. There are actually a few Smith locations in the city - this one is quite large. I think one of my Yelp friends said in their review that this used to be a Rite Aid? I can believe it - I mean the place is totally transformed but in terms of physical space it's huge. The aesthetics are kind of minimal-modern: nothing too in your face but a lot of clean lines with white tile on the wall. This seems to be a really popular brunch spot, but we made reservations and were seated right away. The brunch menu is quite expansive - a large selection of apps, mains, breakfast items, and drinks. I decided to have a cocktail - Sam's Rum Punch. It was quite good - totally what you would think it is and really fitting for the warm day it was. In lieu of an app, we decided to share the waffles to start which were served with blueberry compote and citrus mascarpone. The dish was great - fluffy waffles and awesome contrasting flavors. I love blueberries and the mascarpone was slammin'.For my main I got the grilled chicken sandwich; the chicken was topped with burrata (UGH yes), tomato jam, and basil aioli on a sesame roll. The sandwich was great - the roll was a little tough which made it a little sloppy to eat, but the flavors were great. It was served with fries which were fine - bonus points for being shoestring mmmm. Service was great - our waiter was on top of it; everything came out at a good pace. I can imagine with the volume they do for brunch they want a pretty high turnover of tables, but that didn't take away from the quality - we never felt rushed. Overall, The Smith is a solid Manhattan brunch spot - food was good and we were really taken care of. I would totally return - definitely for brunch and maybe to explore their dinner.
#REVIEW#I feel like I'm always searching for the next brunch spot to try in the city and have always seen The Smith pop up as a recommendation. I finally gave in when I had a few family friends come into town and decided to try it out since it is fairly close to my apartment. I was able to make a reservation for four people on a Sunday at 9:45 AM  easily online the night before. When I arrived, my family friends took a little bit after the reservation time to get in but thankfully the front staff was very accommodating and even though they were late we were still able to get seated pretty quickly afterwards. The first thing that I noticed while walking in was how grand the restaurant was. It was a very large, open space that can really pack all of the patrons in and by "packed" it also means pretty loud. This is something to keep in mind especially if you are looking for a more intimate brunch setting - The Smith would not be it. After we were seated, our orders were taken in a pretty adequate amount of time. I ordered a Benedict Johnny which was yummy - loved the hollandaise which matched well with the cornbread. The dish just felt a little bit too dry though with the combination of the cornbread and homefries but was still a great choice. The only issue with our experience was that while we were enjoying our food, there constantly was drops on water falling on top of our head, one even falling directly into my family friend's espresso cup. After we let our server know they told us they would turn off the air conditioner and give us a new espresso cup. Unfortunately, they forgot about that and did not bring something over till after our meal was done (and after we reminded them). Therefore, if any issues arise during your meal make sure to remind the server about it or else they will probably forget about it probably because they are so busy. All in all, even though there was a hiccup it was still a solid brunch experience and I will probably be back next time I am craving an American breakfast near by place.
#REVIEW#Experiencing brunch at The Smith was absolutely fabulous. Sure it's a little bit on the pricier side; however, sometimes no expense shall be spared when it comes to having a good dining experience. Let's talk about that baked macaroni and cheese skillet.  Bomb, amazing, spectacular, and stupendous! Everybody at my table's eyes lit up when that first scoop of macaroni and cheese came away from the skillet and all that gooey cheese was just stretched out. Chile, I damn near had a heart attack myself.  The breakfast pot pie was also amazing. The flavors of the bacon, sausage, and mushrooms blended together in the gravy was lovely.  The cheddar biscuit crust was so good and fluffy and the egg on top really bought everything together. Overall, the food was just amazing. It should also be noted that service was on point as well, and after dining here I can truly see why this place is always packed. Make sure you make a reservation.
#REVIEW#I came at 9am when it opened. I made reservations but got seated right away anyway. I do recommend making reservations especially for larger parties because I'm told it can get really packed during busier times.A friend recommended that I come here and get the breakfast pot pie ($19). That's what she got when she came here and absolutely loved it. It seemed to be really popular because a couple people around me ordered it as well. It was really good and really hot!! The sausage, bacon, and mushrooms mixed with what tasted like gravy was just great. The cheddar biscuit on top was thin and flaky and nice. I barely finished it and was dying on the last couple bites but it was worth it.I also got the cinnamon toffee brioche ($9) which was sweet and good. It tastes really nice soaked and dipped in the toffee.I was so full I wanted to take a nap after. Make sure to get some coffee!
#REVIEW#Came here on the Saturday before Mother's Day to avoid the crowd and the rain. Food was delicious and our waiter was very professional and attentive. Overall a great experience.
#REVIEW#I enjoyed the appetizers more than the entrées here.Kale and Quinoa Salad- Requested salmon with this dish. The salmon was delicious and cooked perfectly. The salad was very light and refreshing. The sun dried cranberries added a sweet taste with every bite. ($14 without salmon)Mac + Cheese- I haven't really had mac and cheese that I truly enjoyed at any restaurant, but this was pretty good. It definitely had a more refined taste than standard mac and cheese ($16)Salmon Tartare- Wow. My favorite dish of all. I would go back just to order this again. It was so flavorful and perfect in every way. I would have gotten two of these for myself rather than the steak. ($15)The Smith Bar Steak- Very tender and cooked perfectly, but not very flavorful. I tried all three sauces: green peppercorn, garlic herb butter, and chimichurri. The green peppercorn was too peppery, it tasted like straight up overpowering pepper. The chimichurri was alright, but not that tasty or flavorful. The garlic herb butter was the best one to me, but even so, the steak wasn't flavorful enough for me. My biggest problem with this dish were the fries. They were hard and dry. ($29)The Smith Burger- Tried a bite of it, but wasn't fond of the sauce. ($18)Lovely dishes and great customer service. I would go back just for the Salmon Tartare.
#REVIEW#Great place to eat. We made reservations for breakfast and was helped right away. I got the egg white omelet with apple smoked bacon and home fries. All were wonderful. But the home fries were my absolute favorite. The flavor of these potato cubes was perfect. The hubs got the fried eggs over salsa. He loved it and said it was a very unique dish. Cool atmosphere and great service.
#REVIEW#Had my first date here and it is an absolute brunch FAVORITE in Manhattan. The atmosphere is trendy, with a flexible combination of classy and laid-back. The food ranges from avocado toast and Italian-style eggs, to a simple, but delicious waffle. Drinks make the meal even more fun, because they have more than just mimosas. We had bourbon cocktails we loved, and their lattes make this place perfect for a FULL morning of conversation and laughter. Reservations will make your life easier, but if you forget, they have a table with barstools you may sit at immediately.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch with two friends on a Saturday at 10:15. First of all, you MUST make a reservation if you plan on going on a weekend. This place is always packed on the weekends. The restaurant itself was absolutely beautiful and very large. I ordered the smoked salmon toast and it was delicious. The bread was a little difficult to cut through, but it was thick, crunchy and perfect for the meal.  My friend ordered the avocado toast and it was made with the same thick, crunchy bread. The cocktail and beer/wine offerings were extensive. I would definitely return. All guests in the party enjoyed their meal.
#REVIEW#The Smith is always a go-to when I'm in NYC. I came here for my friend's birthday dinner, and it was a hit. This time around, we had complimentary appetizers! We had a very generous serving of the toasted sesame hummus, which was so fresh and flavorful. It came with sliced cucumber and red/yellow/green pepper for dipping. We also had the fried pickle okra served with a buttermilk ranch. The crowd favorite though was the hot potato chips topped with blue cheese fondue. The chips were kettle cooked-style, and topped with the cheese, were very nacho-adjacent. I'm usually not a blue cheese person but the fondue tasted great. My order never changes: I go for the mac & cheese, ALWAYS. Whatever combination of cheeses they use is amazing and the consistency is on point. The dish comes served in a skillet and is more than plenty for one person. I'm never able to finish it on my own but they make for the best leftovers :-) My friends have ordered everything from the other pasta dishes to The Smith Burger, etc etc, and they are all great. Extra stars for The Smith for ending my friend's birthday dinner with a pile of warm, freshly baked chocolate chip cookies (with a birthday candle on top)! A sweet ending to an excellent dinner.
#REVIEW#Considering the stars this restaurant has, I had high expectations and I must say, don't believe that hype. I came for brunch and lunch and my opinion is the same. Atmosphere/Service: 4/5 Food: 2.5/5Atmosphere/Service: Really beautiful and spacious establishment with ample seating. The service at both brunch and lunch was phenomenal! Be sure to make a reservation ahead of time, as this place fills up fast on the weekend and during lunch. Food: The food was honestly less than average in quality. For lunch I had a burger and my dad had the chicken pot pie. My burger was very bland and there was more emphasis on the presentation than the flavor. The pot pie literally had no flavor, no excitement. While brunch was a lot better, it still didn't meet the price stamp. For a $35 brunch, I expect A1 food. I'd say at most B-. I was impressed that they were able to make my dad an omelette from scratch that wasn't on the menu that he enjoyed thoroughly.
#REVIEW#Was on a search for a Greta breakfast joint near my hotel and I'm very happy with my choice. Very casual and cozy type atmosphere with friendly staff. Also a pretty prime location if you're near Midtown, wanting to just walk around. I'd have to say that this place is now a new favourite. Had the BLT-E and ohmahgoodniz...it was amazing. Probably one of the best breakfast type sandwiches I've ever had. Had loads of smoked bacon and a perfectly fried egg on a super flaky croissant. What more could I ask for?! Would come back just for this sandwich. 5/5.The Smith Blend Coffee - Pretty good coffee with just the right amount of strength. I rarely have multiple cups but I'm now on my second (Yes, I'm still here writing this review!).
#REVIEW#Fantastic breakfast.  My wife had the best avocado toast she's ever had.  My daughter had the French toast and the prices were cut thick with soft brioche type bread.  Service was very prompt our waiter was fantastic. It's not cheap but it was great!
#REVIEW#The Smith was the start to one of the most memorable evenings I have had in my life. In the heart of New York, The Smith is a nice, affordable, and upscale gastropub that acts as a post work meet up, date spot, or place to go enjoy with friends. First my friends and I started at that bar where we engaged in witty banter with the awesome bartender. He made some great drinks and gave us recommendations on what to order for food! In less than 30 minutes we were seated which was very impressive for how busy it was! We were seated in the back room back corner, and I joked that it might have been because of how my friend was dressed (terribly). It seemed the trendy crowd of NY's young and hip were eating here and all having a good time. Our server was cool! A young african american male who joked with us and checked on us constantly! We ordered a couple more drinks and talked to the couple next to us for a bit who seemed to be having a good date! Such a friendly place! And then it arrived, a pork chop.. NO, THE Porkchop. My God, it was beautiful, it was perfect, it was delicious, and it was finished. It came on a bed of grits an was topped with a fruit remedy(?) that enhanced each bite! If this wasn't enough, the blonde manager gal came over to check on us and recommended the sticky toffy pudding thing for dessert. It was a fight between the three of us to see who could get the most bites in as we probably should have ordered two. The service all around was impeccable! I should warn you though.This place has a European type bathroom which I learned quickly. I walked to the basement bathroom and saw a guy walk out even though there were no urinals, so I walked into a full stall and pee'd with the door open. As a guy, there's no need to close and lock it if you are just peeing. It wasn't until I heard a giggle and saw a girl walk behind me to a different stall that I realized, oh crap, this is a unisex bathroom. Live and learn!
#REVIEW#Brunch review.Well, for starters (and I am sure we can all agree!) - brunch is one of my most favorite meals!  It's an excuse to order eggs on a lazy Sunday afternoon when you would otherwise be eating a mediocre salad or sandwich (aka "workweek" food).Brunch is pretty difficult to mess up and The Smith serves really good brunch fare.  You basically know what you're going to get when you dine here -  consistently good American cuisine, attentive service, and an extensive selection of cocktails and draft beer.  What rubs me wrong about this place is the crowd - line out the door, complete chaos at the hostess stand, and a waiting area overflowing with people that inevitably bleeds into the main dining room.  And that's with a reservation!!!  Don't even bother showing up without one.  Obviously a big crowd brings with it big noise.  I'm not sure if it's the acoustics or what?  Oh yeah - my eggs Benedict was terrific!
