#NAME#BoCaphe
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bocaph%C3%AA-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vietnamese,breakfast_brunch,french#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I've visited this establishment twice: once in April and once last night. The African man is always a pleasure, I believe his name is Efro. Food is flavorful and tasty, especially if you're mushroom-loving vegetarian.
#REVIEW#Ambiance - love: cool, hipstery vibe; casual date night appropriate or if ya and your girlfriends wanted to go out to a nice yet still casual placeFood - I like my pho better from Saigon ShackSeating - very cozy and having sat at the windows, it was nice though it seemed like our server kept forgetting us
#REVIEW#I would definitely try the shrimp vermicelli bowl. The shrimp had a lot of flavor and the sauce for the noodles was the perfect balance of tangy and umami. 5 stars for my dish alone. Unfortunately my partner got the bao burger and didn't like it. Also service was really slow but it was really busy so I understand. I love that this place is reasonably priced. We'd come back for the vermicelli bowls for sure
#REVIEW#I liked this place a lot, the interior decor was very chic and the food was great for the price. We ordered the acai bowl, taro fries, and beef vermicelli bowl. A great twist to the typical brunch experience. I've been here three times already and the taro fries are killer. The vermicelli noodles will always be my go-to as well! The third time, we ordered a few cocktails: ho chi mint, pink mojito, and belle piscini. I loved the ho chi mint, but the pink mojito was too sweet. The belle piscini was very strong but the flavor was lovely anyway. We also ordered mama tom, sweet and sour shrimp vermicelli noodles, and salmon vermicelli noodles. Everything was absolutely delicious; I LOVE this place so so much!
#REVIEW#We randomly stopped in and had a delicious pho dinner. I had the watermelon basil drink and my husband had the coffee. Honestly everything was just great. Great service, great atmosphere, and great food.
#REVIEW#The food was good. I particularly enjoyed the salad. The salmon was fresh and the omelette had a good flavor. However the eggs were a little over cooked, and the potatoes were soft. Overall the food was not Vietnamese or French so it left me a little confused.
#REVIEW#I've had this place bookmarked for awhile and now I don't know why! It's located on a prime street in Soho so I thought it would be good, but was sadly disappointed. I got the Egg Bowl with turkey bacon and bleh this is the first time I couldn't even finish my meal. It was that bad. First of all, the food wasn't even hot when it came out. It felt like it was sitting outside for a couple hours. Potatoes were cold, egg was super bland, veggies weren't fresh, and the turkey bacon was hard. Everything tasted microwaved. My friends got the Egg Bahn Mi and the Bao Benedict, which didn't look nor taste good. I'm really hoping their lunch or dinner is better, but I wouldn't get my hopes up.
#REVIEW#Nothing really stuck out to me on the menu, especially for the price. A bowl of pho for $17? I had the shrimp curry - there was a lot of fresh shrimp but nothing out of the ordinary. The place is trendy, good for meeting up with friends, especially when it's warm out. I wouldn't return though due to the prices & meh food.
#REVIEW#Nicely decorated beautiful and cute space :) We were here twice and each time the food was good, and staff was friendly and helpful.
#REVIEW#Great ambiance, very fun: lots of plants, flowers from the ceiling, quirky wall paper. Meals tasted fresh and delicious. Fun date spot! Ishmael is an  awesome waiter!
#REVIEW#If you're looking for a cool hip brunch place then do come here. The food is average but the vibe is great. The food is on a semi healthy side so you can sub for cauliflower rice and zoodles for rice bowls and pho. We got the black pepper beef which was delicious and the beef truffle shiitake which was pretty good as well. The drinks are a bit too sweet for me so I was diluting it down with water. Overall, a cool place to hang out on a weekend. They have a semi open roof space in the back with high top tables.
#REVIEW#This restaurant probably have 5 star review from people who are desperate for free dessert as they give out free dessert for yelp check in ‍Positive yelp reviews can be deceiving; People probably eat there for the "instagram pic" When we walk in, the hostess was on her phone by the bar and didnt acknowledge us. The tables were small and if the restaurant were busier, people would be shoulder to shoulder. They gave us water and a bottle with whole strand of mint leaf/plant, the water look foggy and tastes like flower vase's water (yuck! nasty!) We ordered Pho and it took them 35 minutes to bring it out (?!) The Pho tasted like one of those generic quick and easy pho soup base you can get in asian grocery store. Nothing about it was special, the meat was thick and small, the herbs were wilted, not fresh, and looked like they were picked from someone's left over. One top of that a bowl of Pho cost $17 there, WHAT IN THE FRESH HELL?? Because the Pho took 35 minutes to cook, and the water was nasty, we decided to order Vietnamese coffee, we were naive and thinking that "you cant really mess up coffee," WE WERE WRONG, the coffee filter hardly have any coffee ground in it, and the coffee dripped too fast because of it which lead to tasteless coffee. The coffee filter was placed on top of an iced cup, and when hot coffee touches the cup, the ice melt, which lead to the coffee tasting even more bland at this point. The service was horrible, the server didn't pay attention to us, THERE WERE LITERALLY NOBODY THERE (probably because everything sucks and overpriced) It was so difficult to get a hold of them For the love of god, please dont sit close to the front because the noise from the subway probably would kill your eardrum When youre tryna be cool and hip so you typed "Phò" instead of "Ph" for your menu. Quick Vietnamese lesson, Phò in vietnamese means prostitute, so it just show how inauthentic and out of touch this restaurant owner is with their root ‍
#REVIEW#This place was delicious! I have been meaning to come here for a while now and I'm glad I made the time. So many healthy vegan and gluten free options. My boyfriend got to try Pho for the first time because it was gluten free!They also have the option to sub zucchini noodles and cauliflower rice which I loved. We got the chicken and ginger spring roll and it was incredibly crispy and bursting with flavor. I also got the black tea which was very refreshing. The vermicelli rice bowl sub zucchini noodles was so tasty and guilt free. Will definitely be coming back! Glad to find an Asian place that has healthier options if you'd like. Cool decor as well.
#REVIEW#Overall, very overpriced and mediocre food - will definitely not come back because nothing was special.Ambiance (2/5) - Nice decor and hipster but extremely cramped. It almost felt shoulder-to-shoulder in the restaurant.Service (3/5) - We made a reservation for 8 on a Monday at 6pm. We were seated promptly and throughout the meal, the servers were attentive and respectful. Service was as expected.Food (1/5) - Overpriced for average food.Original Pho: Small bowl, tasted like normal pho. Just had noodles and beef. No tendon, tripe, etc. For $17 I was expecting something much much more. Do yourself a favor and go to Chinatown and get a bowl of pho for $8 that's twice the size. Or if you want a specialty bowl of pho (short rib), go somewhere else.Taro Fries: Best thing we ordered. Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Also comes with a creamy spicy dipping sauce.Bao Bun: $7 for a SINGLE bao that was tasteless. Definitely skip this if you decide to come. The meat was flavorless and the pickled vegetables weren't even pickled. All I tasted was the hoisin sauce and store-bought bun...Beef lemongrass vermicelli bowl: Barely passable and nothing special. Again, for $18, this is definitely not worth the price point. Beef was not very flavorful and I did not taste any lemongrass. The bowl was filled with a lot of veggies. The spring roll that comes with the bowl was very tasty but the size of a small thumb. All in all, I will not come back as there are some many other restaurants in the city which are tastier and/or are more value for food. I'm shocked people rate this restaurant so highly....
#REVIEW#Not sure how this places averages 4 stars with 1000+ reviews. Honestly so suspicious because the food is no where near Vietnamese. The lemongrass beef bun cha was more like soy marinated beef. No sign of lemongrass at all. Very confused by this place overall.
#REVIEW#Was pleasantly surprised, esp by the salmon veggie rice bowl!!! We got the taro fries which were 10/10!! Super crunch but the inside is really elastic & fluffy!! The black pepper beef was amazing!! Only con is that the place is really small...literally saw two spills throughout the night!! But great service :)
#REVIEW#Ummmm definitely have had better. The summer rolls here were so bad and overpriced. Seriously don't order it. ONE piece for $8. And the skin was so hard I couldn't bite into it and had to send it back. Inside was just vegetables and no vermicelli. Not authentic at all. The vegan pho wasn't too bad. The broth was tasty but it was actually not that hot when it came out. Pho is supposed to be nice and hot. Plus the noodles were on the soggy/ overcooked side. It was $15- very very overpriced. The best thing I had here was actually the taro fries. They were super yummy. Also the service was pretty good. They took my complaint of the summer roll seriously and didn't charge me for it. Pros for this place would be the cute decor and presentation of food. The plates and stuff are all pretty cute. Great for Instagram, not so great for taste. I still wouldn't come back because you can get much better and cheaper Vietnamese food somewhere else.
#REVIEW#Bo capache was delicious, spring rolls were crunchy and flavorful. My main dish, the shrimp curry rice dish, curry was light and delicious! Will come back again!
#REVIEW#Classic Pho!***Locals  Right in the center of all these hip restaurants, lots of friends come out here for food and drinks.***Travelers Great for nightlife and trendy restaurants! Walking distance from Soho, Greenwich, and Chinatown!***My Recommendation They have a really good breakfast menu, but their pho is also good. Pricy for the portions provided. Ambiance is great. If you make a Yelp review, you get a free dessert! We got the Cocoa Chia and the Chocolate Mousse. Delicious Cocoa Chia!IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#My girlfriend and I decided to come here to try the pho because we heard a lot of great things about this place!  Service: the waiters are very quick and seated us very quickly. I enjoyed the tap water with mint leafs. It really changes it up!Food: the classic Pho is $16.00 and I really enjoy how the placements is like. Usually you will get a plate with the lemon and vegetables, but instead they have it in the bottom of the plate with the dish. Overall: great place to try!
