#NAME#Ess-a-Bagel
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ess-a-bagel-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bakeries,bagels,delis#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Bagel Quality: 5-Stars++Wait to get a Bagel Sandwich: 1-StarTaste of a LEO: (Lox, Egg Whites, Onions)  4-stars.  (Lox too salty)New York Experience: 4-StarsI came here twice last week.The first day I waited in a 30 minute line for a LEO.Came back the next day and the line started out the door and was 45 minutes long so I skipped the line and went to the express and just got a 5-grain to go.  Bagels alone you don't have to wait on line. At the register I asked if she can just give me a hard boiled egg to go and was told I have to wait on the prepared line to get an egg so I skipped it.Unless you are coming here just for Bagels, don't come here unless you have a TON of TIME to burn.  I mean a TON of TIME.  Not appropriate for a lunch if you are working unless you get 1.5 hours for lunch.But I guess it's a great place to kill a few hours on a snow day--sure, bundle up, have a snowball fight out in front while on line, get inside start to warm up, get your food, BS with everyone about the snow and grab a few more bagels to go in case the snow shuts down the city the next day--perfect!NYC Experience:  There are two lines here:  One to order, and then one to pay.  Both days had a disheveled women sitting behind an office desk on one side routinely yelling at customers to keep the front door closed and keep the line on one side of the store and not block the entrance.   Both days had a cashier fighting with the cash register tape that would not work for anyone--her solution was to keep reloading the paper roll constantly.All the tables in the store to eat were dirty, so I cleaned my own.The prep staff guy I ordered with was very nice, communicative, and accommodating. The lox here is very salty and medium quality.  I would skip it and just go with an egg sandwich with or without bacon.  The  real strength of this place is the quality of the bagels.  You will not find better anywhere, ever, your entire life, ever.Come here for the bagels and if that is all you need skip the line and go right to the back of the store and order them in the express area.I will be back for the bagels.   I can't handle that line.
#REVIEW#I love love love their dairy free options!! What a delightful option to have for those that are lactose intolerant or willingly choose to live dairy-free! To be honest I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference from the tofu cream vs actual cream cheese. It has exact acidity and runny texture it turns into when smushed between two toasted bagel buns!Anyway, walked a good amount in the rain for this bagel from 42nd before I headed off to yoga. At $4 and change, it's a bit steep for a bagel but it's a treat, and well worth it at that. Plus the fact that it's cruelty free, and not $10, it's most certainly a vegan bargain.
#REVIEW#I dream about Ess-a-Bagel's whitefish salad.(No, really.)I usually then wake up and realize that I've been touching myself inappropriately throughout said dream.(Well, not literally, but you get the point.)This shit is orgasmically good.
#REVIEW#Food: 5/5    Price: 3/5     Service: 5/5    Ambience: 5/5Getting a consensus from New Yorkers on where to find the best New York bites is truly an impossible mission. Ess-a-Bagel is a famous NY bagel place that has been featured in New York Magazine, The New York Times, Thrillist, The Village Voice, USA Today, Buzzfeed, The Huffington Post and The Wall Street Journal.Ultimately, this place has long lines, pricy, but kinda worth it!Signature favorite ($14.50) - 5/5. Slices of Nova lox on a bagel with scallion cream cheese, freshly sliced tomato, lettuce, onions, and capers. The best poppyseed bagel I've had: cut and rolled by hand, with a chewy, crusty texture. A little too much cream cheese making it heavy, but overall delicious, yet overpriced.
#REVIEW#I truly love how this place has a variety of vegan cream "cheese" options and the bagels are nice a chewy. However, there's a huge issue with line and slow service. The line never moves. Both times I've come here it takes 1 hour to get my bagel with cream cheese. The problem is there's rarely someone paying for their food, but there's an over abundance of people waiting in front of the counter for their food after it's been ordered. You need to have more people making food and tell the customers to move down and pay while they wait for their bagels. Also when I finally got to the cashier no ones was there to help me because they were chatting.
#REVIEW#If you live in NYC, perhaps you can't fully appreciate how good these bagels are. Ess-a-Bagel hand rolls them, they are some of the most delicious bagels in this country. Ess-a-Bagel also works wonders with exceptional cream cheeses with different flavours packed with goodies like plump raisins, walnuts, herbs or salmon. The bagel sandwiches they make are over the top, like Egg with cheese and bacon/sausage or NY Deli, like Pastrami, corn-beef et al.. We tried to slow down our eating enthusiasm, to make this wonderful breakfast last longer. We failed...:) It was so good. Thanks for reading. Avram Ben Knish
#REVIEW#My fiancé and I were having dinner at Carbone when the couple next to us started a conversation in regards to restaurants to eat at NYC and they recommended eating bagels for breakfast. I had heard from several people that bagels are a MUST when visiting NYC. The lovely couple recommended Ess-a-Bagel and going based off of the Yelp reviews, we were sold! My fiancé and I stopped by Ess-a-Bagel two hours prior to our check out with was couple blocks away. We figured we should be okay, given that it is a Tuesday afternoon. As we walked in, we realized the line was headed outside of the restaurant. At this point we had no choice but to wait for about 40 minutes. I must say, the line was well worth the wait. The bagels are nothing like what I have tried in Los Angeles! I loved, loved, loved my bagel sandwich! But I must say, it was towards the pricey side, my fiancé payed about $40 for two bagel sandwiches and one iced vanilla latte.
#REVIEW#How can you go to NY and not eat your body weight in bagels?! Honest question. I know I did, and the way I got them was through Ess A Bagel. My husband planned way in advance to get our bagel fix here before we even planned how long we would be staying in NY, that is how focused he was on bagel-obtaining.Our first trip to Ess-a was on the morning after we first arrived. We got there about 9am on a saturday, and the line was surprisingly short. We opted for a few different bagel options to try them, as well as a spinach knish. I hadn't had a knish in years, and was more accustomed to sweet knishes, so this was new to me. The bagels don't look like much but oh my gosh are they delicious. The crust is perfectly toothsome, with a chewy interior and smooth cream cheese. I thought the optimal combo was a toasted everything bagel with shallot cream cheese, but the lox and bagel combo is truly the classic. Service is fast, efficient, and well staffed. Lines for custom orders as well as to -go run all day, and they have a back table with pastries and breads which is also well-staffed. I loved their variety including tofu alternatives to cheese spread, as well as authentic Jewish items that I can't find outside NY. Ess-a-bagel is well known and loved for a reason; they are phenomenal and will continue to stand the test of time...even in a currently keto-obsessed world.
#REVIEW#Looonnggg line but relatively fast and SO worth the wait!!! The bagels are great and the schmears are AWESOME!! A must on your NYC visit!
#REVIEW#These bagels are BIG. We ordered via doordash and it took nearly an hour because it was the weekend and of course there were lots of people being lazy like we were. The cream cheese schmear is A LOT - and the sandwiches are plentiful. I was not hungry until dinner time because it was so tasty and so filling. The coffee is ok - certainly not the best I"ve had in NYC, but not the worst. I did like that they wrapped it for delivery as to not spill it all over the bag. Delivery guy was awesome and was really nice to my child who was eager to answer the door!
#REVIEW#Overrated bagel, and this is from someone who ordered online so that I wouldn't have to wait in line. Bagel is fairly tough to eat (maybe this is how NY bagels are?). The signature favorite was skimpy on salmon which is outrageous considering each bagel was $13-15 a piece with Lox. They are heavily covered in cream cheese, and I'd recommend paying an extra $1 for the signature instead of just the nova bagel as it's much more aesthetic and gives you a lot more for the money. If you just want a bagel or bagel with cream cheese, you can skip the line and go to the side. If you order online, you also go to the side where they're selling just bagels and let them know you're here to pickup an online order and they will start making your bagel for you. I ordered through Yelp and it said it would take an hour but it seems like once you've put the online order in, you can likely come in 15-20m and ask for it, although I didn't try that so I'm not completely sure. Probably would not come back here for a bagel, and mainly came because it was around the corner from the double tree I was staying at.
#REVIEW#Our goal while in NY was to try as many bagel shops as we could and that is exactly what we did! Ess-a-Bagel was one of our first bagel stops and it did not disappoint!The line was long and it didn't move quickly, but our everything bagel with chive cream cheese, lox, and all the good stuff was oh so good! The bagel itself was chewy and crusty and would have been perfectly good on its own, but paired with some other quality ingredients it was exceptional!If you're in the area I would highly recommend this bagel spot!
#REVIEW#I entered Ess-a-Bagel, shocked at the long and slow-moving line. It made me ask, "Is a bagel really worth it?" My New Yorker friends had told me that there is nothing like a NY bagel, so I stood there patiently. I'm glad I did. After over 20 minutes, I ordered A Signature Favorite on an everything bagel. Nova, scallion cream cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato, and capers made for a great sandwich. At $14.50, it's a little pricey, but I'm used to overpaying after 10 months in DC--and I expect it in NY.
#REVIEW#I was actually pretty disappointed about Ess-a-Bagel. I came here about five years ago and ordered the lox bagel (A Signature Favorite). They didn't give me my sliced tomato, lettuce, onions so my bagel tasted so bland. I was honestly super disappointed!! I remember it tasting so delicious and I was really looking forward to coming here but left with disappointment. The line was out the door so I didn't feel the need to ask them to fix my order and add the stuff because I already waited over an hour for this bagel. The price is also overpriced. Do I think a bagel is worth $15.. not really?!! It's really not worth what you are getting for. I give this place three stars though because I tasted the berry cream cheese with plain bagel and it was delicious. I would probably order this the next time I come here.This place is alright but I don't think it's worth waiting hours to eat here and the price is pretty overpriced.
#REVIEW#The signature bagel is so fresh and filling. The line goes by very fast so it should be worth the wait!
#REVIEW#Best bagels!  Called ahead and Christina made sure we had our ordered perfectly prepared and the bakers dozen fresh out of the oven.  No one makes a bagel like Essa; and once again they came through in fine style.  If you are in NYC you must come to Essa and have their bagels.  You will have to take some home.  Slice, wrap in foil and then refrigrate--life is great with Essa bagels. . . Thanks for coming though for me once again!
#REVIEW#I would argue the bagels is not the star of this place the cream cheese galore Is. After within in line outside, and then  inside only to be oven a tough bagel. I ordered the infamous salmon capers red onion on n everything bagel. I also ordered egg sausage and cheese sandwich avocado, five  croissants, 1/4 lb of curry chicken salad, Shrimp salad, and Crab salad. I walked from the Grand Hyatt hotel around 10am (one block north, 5 blocks east) and the line was out the door. First time in New York, who doesn't get a NY bagel. I am sure the fresh ones are amazing but the one I was given was not! Will I return? For the variety of cream cheese, heck YEA!
#REVIEW#I'm a bagel girl, I love bagels, bagels are my life. If there was a secret society for the love and appreciation of bagels, I would be the supreme ruler (should I start this?). Also, how many bagels do I have to eat before I actually become one? Anyway, Ess-a-Bagel is, in my opinion, one of the finer bagels in NYC. The lines are long, so be ready to wait, but the wait is so worth it! And sometimes you will catch a woman walking around the lines with samples of bagels and cream cheese! I have been criticized on this very app for my go-to taste in bagel toppings (always egg and cheese, most of the time with tomato and lettuce as well), but it's a dang good breakfast sammie. EAB's bagels are the perfect smooshy and crispy, and their jalapeno cream cheese is a must-try. Their workers are ridiculously friendly, and you can tell the people here really care about what they are giving you!
#REVIEW#Delicious bagels. The signature Sandwich could have used more lox, but overall great flavor. The Muriel was delicious.
#REVIEW#YUMMMM!!! When in New York, you absolutely have to eat a bagel. I loved that they had gourmet ingredients. I ordered a sausage, egg, and Brie pizza and O M G it was oh so delicious. By far the best bagel I've ever eaten. I need to somehow get this back in Texas. My boyfriend ordered the deluxe lox bagel, and he loved his too. They definitely don't skimp on the ingredients, and it's very filling. It's pricey though. We spent about $20 for 2 bagels.
