#NAME#Friedman's
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/friedmans-new-york-59?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,gluten_free,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#$6.00 Lemonade of Day (with mango) is sweet and taste and look like made by the concentrate. $18.00 Mushroom Toast - mushrooms have a very good flavor with eggs on top of the English muffin.$17 Egg white Omelet - tastes plain because less mushrooms and a lot veggies in the omelet.If you like mushroom, I think the "mushroom toast"; its tastier than the Eggwhite Omelet.
#REVIEW#I've been to Friedman's a few times for breakfast or brunch and the food is always pretty good.  The space isn't too large and it is quite popular, so be prepared to wait a while.  They do have a waitlist feature where you can put your name in and track your position in line, which is quite convenient and allows you to do other things instead of waiting in a 90 minute line.Previously, I have tried blueberry pancakes and pastrami hash at Friedman's, and I loved them both.  My most recent trip, however, I was a little disappointed.  Friedman's had a special: Lemon Ricotta Pancakes.  Being the special, I expected the pancakes to be amazing the way the blueberry pancakes were amazing when I tried them before.  However, they were not as good as the blueberry pancakes and I wished I had ordered those instead.  The lemon ricotta pancakes were topped with a cream and some candied lemon rind.  In my past experiences, ricotta usually adds a nice moistness to the pancakes.  These pancakes were honestly a little dry with the only moisture coming from the cream or syrup if you added it.  And there wasn't much lemon flavor unless you ate the rinds.  I found myself being jealous of my wife's food.  She oredered the mushroom toast, which looked amazing and tasted amazing.I still had a good time at Friedman's and I know I will go back at some point, but I don't think I will get pancakes again.  Their hashes and toasts just seems so much better.
#REVIEW#Perfect brunch! I hit the "Waitlist" as my boyfriend and I were getting ready. We got there, checked in, told we would be 12-15 minutes, then my phone rang.  I answered and heard, "Your table's ready.". Success! Our server was a little busy as the place was crowded, but he eventually dropped off a bottle of water. A couple of beats later, he stopped by to take our order. The most impressive thing is that he asked if we had any dietary restrictions. I stay away from dairy when I can, so he asked me questions that showed he knew the menu thoroughly and offered substitutions. My oat milk latte and pastrami hash were both delicious. Everything was great from the ambiance to the service (I wish I remembered his name, but he had a killer beard), to the food.
#REVIEW#Why do good restaurant hire dumb hostesses? Our entire experience was ruined because the hostess didn't check us in properly, so we had to wait over 30 minutes after we arrived and checked in ,and "were told were next", to get a table. What's funny is that I checked with her twice during that 30 minutes and both times she greeted me as if I just walked in and she hasn't seen me before. Food was good, got the fried chicken and cheddar waffle and chicken chilaquiles. Both tasty! really likes the spicy sauce that came with the C&W. Make sure you mix it with the syrup and you have your sweet and spicy sauce!
#REVIEW#My husband found this place while on vacation for Valentines in NYC with our twins girls. Tbh we were hesitant about trying it out but boy were we glad we did! The ambiance was great and the food was delicious. It's a bit pricey but definitely worth it. I highly recommend you try them out for breakfast when in NYC!
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite spots for brunch in NYC. Whatever I ordered here, I've never been disappointed. I like their blueberry pancakes, nova benny and french toast. The staff is helpful and efficient. There are usually many people for brunch but the service is pretty fast. Nice and cozy atmosphere. It's easy to get here from the Herald square subway station. They open early in the morning so it's good for breakfast too.
#REVIEW#They don't have a full bar, but do have a good number of wine options. I tried to order the salmon to take a break from meat...but my waiter came back and said they were out of salmon. So of course I ordered the braised short ribs. The best part was when they brought me my food, the woman was holding both the Salmon and the short rib. The short rib was already sitting in front of me so I stuck with it. It was a good decision. The sauce on it was what really made this dish. The rib tasted a little dry without it, and it made the spinach taste scrumptious. The pickled carrots on the top were also a very delicious touch.Overall service was excellent, timely, and friendly. My friend and I chatted for a while, and though they were busy, we didn't feel rushed by the staff to leave. They do have desert --the options were apple pie and a crumble, but we decided against either option. May try it next time!
#REVIEW#Because... BRUNCH!! If you're feelin' brunchy, Friedman's will satisfy your craving. It's a bit on the pricey side, but just know that you'll be getting some good quality food! It was my last day in New York and I was craving for a delicious breakfast. I Yelped up brunch spots that were close by, and Friedman's popped up at the top of the list. It's located just a short walk from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. I arrived right before 8 am which was perfect because it wasn't super crowded. Friedman's shares a space with a bagel shop next door (I believe it's the same owner), but it's a little fancier when compared to its' counterpart. The ambience is wonderful and the setup is very bright and modern. The service was good but nothing too memorable to be honest. What really makes this place stand out obviously is the food. I ordered their French toast with berry compote, a side of bacon, and a fresh squeezed orange juice. Now, normally I wouldn't order orange juice (especially fresh squeezed) because I despise pulp. However, my server sold me on it and I'm so glad that he did. This OJ was so delightful! It definitely tasted freshly squeezed but didn't have a ton of pulp. The French toast was nice and fluffy and the assortment of berries added a nice element of freshness to the dish. That bacon was LIFE! And, it should be for how much they charge for that thang! Trust me folks; it ain't cheap but it's damn good! Thick and crispy just the way that I love it. Yummy yum yum! Loved that bacon to the pieces! I really enjoyed both the breakfast and the ambience. I saw a lot of groups here so it seems like a great space to meet and mingle with friends for brunch. As time went on, it got a lot busier while I was there so I'm sure it gets packed on the weekends. But this was the perfect place for an early weekday lunch. I would totes come back again during a future visit to NY.
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing food! My friend and I came in and were seated immediately by a very friendly wait staff! I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes which were the special of the day and oh my goodness it was amazing! My friend ordered the avocado toast breakfast which she also raved about! Overall fantastic experience, only weird part was you could only order certain drinks from your table and other drinks you have to order separately from the counter.
#REVIEW#This is a classic brunch spot with a wide range of brunch options that are high quality. I got grilled chicken salad which came in a generous portion size and it was delicious! My parents got pastrami hash breakfast and tuna melt which were both really yummy. The potato chips that came with the tuna melt was alright, but the sandwich itself was really great. Although it's slightly on a pricier side, this can be a go-to brunch spot if you want to take anyone who's visiting nyc to a solid brunch place. There's always a long wait though, so expect to wait before you get seated!
#REVIEW#This place was packed during lunch hours. There are some good stuff on the menu, but it's definitely out of my price range just for a workweek lunch. I guess most people come here for brunch, getting both breakfast and lunch with one meal. With the cost of one meal here I can get two decent meals elsewhere. Great service but very crowded and loud. The waiting area was also crowded, so I waited outside.
#REVIEW#Met up with an old friend here while in town for the day. She recommended Friedman's and it was close to me so we checked it out. When we first walked in, I was a little worried because the place was packed! On a Friday morning at 11am! But we put our name in and the wait was quick.We ordered the turkey chili, the turkey bacon club, and the chicken and  cheddar waffles, as well as coffee for the table. Everything was really delicious. I loved the turkey chili and really liked that it was served piping hot because sometimes soup is served lukewarm. I enjoyed the turkey club and especially the cranberry relish it was served with. The sweet and savory aspect was awesome. We also ordered the sweet potato fries and those I thought were just OK. Not well cooked and kind of soggy. The best thing ordered during our brunch was the chicken and waffles. I loved the syrup they brought out with it. I really liked the cheddar waffle and the chicken was perfectly crispy and delicious. I also need to shout out the coffee at Friedman's because wow. That was delicious and well worth the $4 a cup for drip coffee (oh NYC...)Overall it might be a bit touristy but it's good eats and I'll definitely be back!
#REVIEW#Found this place while trying to kill time, eat and wait for my train.It's busy but you get seated quick.I ordered the chicken and cheddar waffle against my better judgement. You do get a generous amount of fried chicken but the chicken didn't have enough flavour to it and the waffle..well...I don't know it wasn't anything fantastic. The service is good, the hostesses are nice aswell. I wouldn't mind checking it out and trying something different on the menu next time.
#REVIEW#What a yummy yummy breakfast!! Has a difficult time choosing as there are so many options and everything coming out of the kitchen looked scrumptious.  Opted for Chicken and Waffles.  OMG Not usually a fan of but this combo was perfect. Crispy chicken, fluffy waffle and this special butter ...Soooo good.
#REVIEW#On paper, Friedman's seemed amazing -- from the raving reviews to the countless gluten free options. But in reality, I just really didn't get the hype. First off, this place is small. With so many bright, modern-looking restaurants close-by, I was bummed when my phone led me to Friedman's front door, with the dark small interior. But I was so excited about the idea of having gluten free French toast! We sat down, our server was friendly, and he asked how severe my gluten allergy was. When I said I have celiac, he told me something that broke my heart: "Then the French toast is one of the only menu items you can't have." Just my luck. He suggested the lemon ricotta pancakes (one of the day's specials), and don't get me wrong -- they were good! But you can get gluten free pancakes just about anywhere these days. Also, the prices! Are you for REAL? With tax, the pancakes were $22. Also on the menu: $20 avocado toast. Yes, you can pay $20 for something you can make at home for about $3. I get that it's New York, and I get that things are expensive here. But this place is no a frills, diner-style breakfast spot and the prices were over-the-top. Fellow celiacs, I wouldn't go out of your way to come here. It's just average breakfast food at well above average prices.
#REVIEW#Stumbled upon this place while looking for brunch/breakfast in NY and I'm so glad I found this place. The wait wasn't long, I ordered blueberry pancakes, bacon and orange juice. The pancakes were delish with a hint of cinnamon or nutmeg in them. OJ was super fresh and I think fresh squeezed and the bacon was great also. They played my fave 90s era music in all genres and the service was great. Will definitely go back!
#REVIEW#Whoever says you cannot have sweet and savory at the same time has not ordered both the french toast and avocado toast and eat both at the same time... First poke the egg so the yolk can mix with the avocado. One bite toast with avocado...one bite toast with berry...I think the only downside was that this place is too popular and the wait was long...
#REVIEW#Went in at 2pm on a Wednesday, didn't have to wait at all.Staff was very nice and welcoming, didn't have to wait long if we needed more water, utensils, etc.Started with potstickers, very very good. Definitely recommend I had the avocado toast with an egg, over medium (egg white cooked, yolk runny) & they got it perfectly cooked.My mom had the sandwich and she said it was very good as wellRecommend if your around the area !
#REVIEW#I only had one item here so... trigger an Alex S. rapid review! The decor is classic new york right now, rustic/modern. If I had to guess they probably serve some of their drinks in mason jars... like weirdos. JK I love it guys... anyways back to business.Cheddar waffles and fried chicken? Let me just say absolutely gotta try it. Cheese is good the habanero honey and the perfectly cooked and fried chicken made a bite that hit every flavor note.Cheesy, spicy, sweet, savory, a little crunch in the chicken and the waffle was fluffy.THE VERDICT:I can only judge this place on this one dish... and that could be a good or a bad thing, the world may never know. But if you ever make it to Friedman's you gotta get their chicken and waffles. And if you don't just don't even read my reviews, they are boring, just throw our friendship in the garbage why don't you.
#REVIEW#I was initially skeptical of Friedman's because I thought it was a tourist trap. I was wrong. This is a great place for brunch or dinner. The food was amazing! The service was good. The host and waiter were on top of it and made sure that we were taken care of. Our waiter was pleasant and friendly.Prices are comparable with other restaurants in the area. The entrees were between $16-$29, which I thought was pretty reasonable especially in that location. I will definitely come back here on my next trip to NYC!
