#NAME#Ricardo Steak House
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ricardo-steak-house-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak,newamerican,seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I've been to Ricardo's multiple times and have nothing but great things to say. I've attended for Brunch and Dinner.Brunch 10/10, IF you don't mind music. On Saturday's they have a DJ and on Sunday's they have regular music playing from the speakers. But the vibe is still nice, definitely can still hold a nice conversation based on where you're sitting. The back room greenery is BEAUTIFUL. Nice lighting and space.Food....WHEW CHILLAY WON'T GO WRONG WITH ANYTHING. The bread appetizer is crispy, buttery, garlicky and the marinara sauce that accompanies it is to die for. Yes ma'am. The rib-eye is my go to, medium cook and it has NEVER disappointed. The mashed potatoes and asparagus and wonderful BUT THE YELLOW RICE AND THE FRENCH BEANS (STRING BEANS) OH MY LORD! I've also had the pancakes and chicken tenders while at brunch and that was also quite delicious, can't go wrong. Brunch, the mimosas are BOMB. Each individual gets their own carafe and the drinks are strong. You also have the option to switch drinks and try a little bit of everything.
#REVIEW#This is such a good spot! Came for Saturday night dinner date and I was not disappointed. There was a wait to be seated so make sure to call ahead before stopping in on busy weekend night and for brunch. We grabbed drinks at the bar and both were super strong! The place is beautifully decorated and they offer outside seating. I loved the music, think of throwback r&b gems. The food was delicious and very filling I had to take leftovers home. The steak is cooked to perfection and full of flavor I paired with sweet plantains and mashed potatoes. I can't wait to return for brunch with my girlfriends!
#REVIEW#This was my first time here and it won't be my last.  My friend chose this place to have her birthday brunch.  The vibe was good and the service was great.  We opted for the unlimited mimosas and they were delicious.  I ordered the shrimp and grits which were amazing.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch one Saturday afternoon. They offer bottomless which is fantastic. Because the drinks aren't outrageous prices like most of nyc I was fine not taking advantage of the bottomless. The place itself is very spacious. There was a slight wait but it went by very fast. By the time I sat at the bar my table was ready. The service was good. It was busy but the server was doing his best. The food was fantastic. I got the skirt steak. It was cooked just right! The drinks where good and flavorful. I would love to come back during normal business hours and try some of their other dishes.
#REVIEW#Celebrated a friends birthday with Sunday brunch for a group of 12 people and the service was absolutely splendid!They started us of with their different cocktail options, our favorite was the Passion pineapple mimosa! (Definitely would recommend) Our server made sure to keep the refills coming for drinks and water as soon as we were finished. After a while, we got a really yummy bread with marinara sauce to open our appetite, the server took our order and before we knew it we had everything set on the table.I ordered the Ricardo Special and it was almost perfect :) my only complaint would be the rice which tasted a little funny but everything else made up for it.The house gave our group a round of shots for our celebration and made sure to pack up our to go containers with whatever leftovers we needed individually. Worth mentioning they have a back area with outside lighting and the music selection was good!
#REVIEW#Food- 3.5/5Drinks- 5/5Service- 5/5I didn't have reservations and actually when we got to the door they told us they couldn't take anymore walkins for the night. Politely I let them know that we called and they told us it was ok to walk in and we came all the way from Brooklyn. They were understanding and told us they would try to squeeze us in in about 45 mins. 5 mins later we were seated. Hooray!!The music was pumping loud so it's hard to hear when someone is talking. The selection was real nice. Any place blasting biggie is a win in my book. The tables are super close to other customers so if you want privacy go elsewhere. My drink was strong but smooth. I wanted to order more but my diet eont let me be great.The calamari was nice. Included a few fried pieces of zucchini. Th crab cake... yes only one, was just ok.Now on to my meal. The lobster was alil too cooked so it was tough. The steak was juicy. Not the best I ever had but enough to make my tummy feel happy. The asparagus was flimsy. So skinny. I mean it was grilled well but it should of been bigger in size. The creamed spinach was yummy. I didn't eat the potatoes and my shrimp was good. Overall it was a nice experience.
#REVIEW#Best Brunch Spot I've been to so far. Cute little restaurant with a nice decor. Brunch time is from 12-4p, make sure you make reservations especially on the weekend cuz it can get pretty busy. Although we didn't make one, we was lucky enough to snag a table for 6 of us. When we got seated our waiter was very attentive and got our drink order in right away. They have bottomless mimosas m, $20 for the standard, $25 for more various of flavors and bellinis. A standard mimosa glass is $5-7. So depending on how much you drink, can determine if you should get the bottomless mimosa. I did, and I also ordered a crab cake & eggs with a side of creamy spinach. They offer you bread while you wait which is hella good but they only give u one serving of that complimentary. The servers were really good on refilling your drinks. They were pretty busy so the food too a little while to come out but it was okay. When the food did come out the crab cakes was amazing!! Went well with the creamy spinach I had. It wasn't too heavy at all. They usually have a 2 hour limit on brunch but we kinda stayed a little past that which was okay. I will be coming back again if I hve the chance to try out their other offerings.
#REVIEW#If loud, crowded, and "trendy" is your scene then this is the place for you!!!   Reservations are recommended especially on weekends. We had reservations yet i felt squeezed in. I hate when I'm eating and have to worry about a neighboring table guest's ass in my plate because the tables are tight and they need to get up. Then outs awkward when food is brought out because servers always have to reach over someone.   The music is a too loud to have a normal conversation. So everyone, if talking, is trying to talk over the music and the other guests. It's more than just a hum of chatter. It's loud. Definitely not good for an intimate date night...The food: Calamari was pretty good, but i was looking forward to the entree... ordered the Oh Snap Snapper!  It looked amazing!  Whoever plated that did an awesome job!!!  BUT whoever cooked it,  didn't do as awesome. All of the seafood was overcooked. The shrimp was kinda rubbery, the mussels were either old, frozen, or overdone but I'm not sure what it was, and the snapper was super dry. And the mashed potatoes didn't go well with the overall dish. I barely ate my entree. I didn't complain because i don't like sending food back. I also didn't take it to go. If it wasn't good there, it's not gonna get better after i leave. Writing this review now, I'm like if a waiter sees that someone barely ate, and doesn't want to take it with them, he/she would ask if everything was okay.  Not sure how my friends enjoyed their food, but no one was raving about anything on their plates.I think my friend chose this place because it was "seen on tv" as they also advertise on their site. I think my friends thought they were going to see at least a  D-list reality tv star. Didn't happen.  Lol. I don't watch television so i guess i missed what all the fuss was about... I was there for the food and that just didn't do out for me
#REVIEW#We celebrated my sister's 50th Birthday during brunch.  There were 14 of us and they took great care of us.  The food and service was amazing.  I highly recommend this place.
#REVIEW#I always enjoy Ricardo's steaks They have never disappointed me. The filet mignon skewers are also a must have. Don't forget to try the brownie with ice cream is to die for
#REVIEW#Amazing restaurant for brunch! Very fun ambiance and great food in large portions. We were a group of 12 ladies and we all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The toasted bread with marinara that they give out as a starter is sooo good. I believe the first order is complimentary and $2 thereafter. We all tried different things for the entrees but the highlight of the show was the "Special Breakfast". It includes steak, chorizo, eggs, avocado, rice, beans, and sweet plantains; needless to say a lot of people didn't get to finish it. I personally got the steak and eggs and it was delicious, cooked to perfection as well. For the bottomless option, you have a choice of regular mimosas or specialty ones for $5 extra - we went with the latter and the passion pineapple flavor was the favorite around the table. I love that they give you carafes instead of refilling the flutes one by one - ours were never empty for more than a few seconds. Although it sounded like they had a great playlist, since we were sat in the outdoor patio towards the back we didn't hear it as much. I noted they had a speaker but I guess it wasn't on. Docking one star because the customer service could improve. I contacted the restaurant several times to expand the reservation to 2 more people, and they adamantly refused on the basis that "there was no space". When we got there it was obvious that they could've added another table to accommodate us. I would just keep this in mind if you're interested in booking for a large group.
#REVIEW#This place is..... an adventure to say the least.  Went here for a birthday dinner. A Saturday night to sand pulling up to the spot and it looks like a club outside. Bouncer letting people in one by one. Letting people out squeezing through the crowd. Either they were giving away money inside or this place is the ish1st tip. Don't go on a weekend without reservations. Literally a waste of time. Saw a group walk up who they told they couldn't even put their names down. They had to come back in an hr. And they then said they had initially came at 9'and was told to come back in an hr. And was not being told to come back in another hr. Just to be able to put their name on the list!2nd. Get here before your reservation. We had a 10pm. And still didn't get seated till i harassed the hostess a couple times and waited till about 10:20. The show however was watching all the females stumbling out the door. Brings me to tip 33rd. Take a Uber! Do yourself a favor. take a Uber. Driving can be hard. But if you go here for a birthday party or want to cut loose you will be stumbling out as well. And you don't want to get behind the wheel. We had 2 drinks a piece with dinner and a couple free shots they were handing out and that was pretty much a rap after that. 4th but not least. You must try the crab cake. Delicious. Had the o snap snapper entree that was really good. Filet mignon was also on point. Music is lively. Just all the things you want in a fun time. Took the 1 star away cuz of the difficulty with being seated and having to wait outside in the cold despite having a reservation. But either way had a great time.
#REVIEW#Pricey restaurant. Quaint ambiance. I likedThe food. Especially looking at what other people ordered. Locals restaurant with a down town feel. I would go again. The art work is great and very relatable.
#REVIEW#We just left and I can honestly say this is BEST FOOD I have ever had. This was my first bookmarks on Yelp.  I've been trying to make it here for years and new placea pop up and Ive always just put this spot on back burner. I finally made it and it exceed allllll expectations. Elliot, was so attentive, kind he truly was an amazing waiter. THANK YOU ELLIOT, FOR MAKING MY 1ST EXPERIENCE THE BEST, You are great! I had the mussels for appetizer we had the specials. Lobster, tbone , shrimp and a side..70 dollars and honestly it was worth more!   It was SEASONED!! I had the ocean goddess drink and its my new favorite  drink. Again, if you looking for a dope environment , great food (speedy!) This the place ...and make sure you ask for Elliot
#REVIEW#Had a LOVELY time at this place! The pictures online don't do the place justice. Me and my date pulled up and the sign and greenery were awesome, a lot of sexy, young adults just vibing out with excellent music. The portions for the food and what you get for the price is AMAZING! And shout out to our server Elliot! He was attentive, funny, hooked us up with making sure our drinks were nice and potent and hooked it up with a free appetizer card for our next visit. Will 100% visit this place again. Loved the atmosphere and everything. Also, the place says they close at 11, but you won't feel pressured or harassed to hurry up and eat etc - 5 stars all around - and it's right here in Harlem!
#REVIEW#I attended dinner here last night and I must say I'm in love. Everything from the service, food, drinks, and ambience was on point. However, as a side note... both hubby and I ordered Drinks that were way too sweet and the server immediately offered to add more liquor. (He was such a blessing and provided AMAZING service) Unfortunately, I forgot his name but he was the cute Spanish guy with the sleeve tattoo lol. I had an amazing time and I will be back for brunch:)
#REVIEW#If you're looking for a place you can come in time and time again and not get tired of the food, this is definitely the place! There is literally nothing on the menu that doesn't surpass expectations. Wait staff is incredible! Very attentive, and most importantly, warm and welcoming. Ask for Elliot, he's hard to miss with his infectious smile, the guy is simply amazing! Come for the food, stay for the drinks, the crashboat is highly recommended!!
#REVIEW#I went to Ricardo for a Sunday brunch to catch up with my cousin I hadn't seen in a while. And boy does it get packed! It looks much bigger in pictures, but upon entering, I realized it's pretty small. The hostess took our name down and told us a table would be 30 minutes to an hour. But she told us that the bar is first come first served and we can sit there if we'd like. We ended up sitting at the bar and still had a pleasant experience. The bartenders move quick and are very attentive. As soon as we sat down, he gave us a menu. After we placed our order, they brought out a basket of garlic bread (free of charge) and it's super delicious! Before I even sat down, I knew I was ordering steak and eggs because that's what I was in the mood for -- and my friend that had already been there would not stop talking about it. But I would definitely go back and try something else. Despite it being really packed, our food did not take that long to come out. They were playing hip-hop music. Overall, I had a great experience and can't wait to go back.
#REVIEW#This place has an amazing vibe and the servers are super nice. The complimentary bread is so delicious that you will want more, and if you want more it's ($2) so it's a decent price. Only reason why this isn't 5 stars for me is because my salad was terrible. I ordered the arugula salad with shrimp and received 6 small overcooked shrimps and the arugula salad was legit the same thing they put on the side of a crab cake appetizer for decoration LOL. Had I known they couldn't fully make a salad I would've just had a crab cake as my meal as I don't eat meat or fried foods so my options were very limited. Three stars for the bread and because all my friends who had steak were impressed.
#REVIEW#Came here last night for a Birthday Celebration. I didn't have a reservation so had to wait 30 min to be seated. Thats reasonable. I ordered two drinks at the bar and they were pretty strong. You really do get your moneys worth here. After we were seated we ordered the Ricardos tasting sampler. We told the server to remove the clams and substitute it for something else since we both didn't eat it. When the dish arrived they were still added. 1 st disappointment. We then tried hearing the waiter announce the specials. It was wY too loud. 2nd disappointment. I ordered the T-Bone and Lobster and Hubs ordered the Porter House. Both were cooked to perfection. The food here is really good. You will not be disappointed. The waiter was on point and super friendly. I highly recommend Elliot be your server. The Bday celebration are awesome here. I will return
