#NAME#Le Parisien
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/le-parisien-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,salad,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Had a great time here on a Sunday night. This place is a hidden gem with amazing food!!We had the escargots, the mussels, and the duck confit. Everything was just spectacular! All the food was delicious. I would definitely come here again. It's a very cozy French place with a great ambiance. You can share a bottle of Bordeaux and enjoy the delicious food here.
#REVIEW#Overhyped and the seafood is not fresh. Perhaps we dined on a bad night, but we know we would not come here again nor recommend it to friends. My boyfriend and I came for our Friday date night, and we were so excited about our dinner after reading fantastic reviews and having craved French food for awhile. We ordered the filet mignon carpaccio and beet salad to begin with. Both were very good, which then made us more excited for our entrees - mussels and seared cod (special). When our entrees arrived, I immediately smelled Indian curry. I told my boyfriend and he thought it to be strange, too. I assured him that it was coming from someone else's dish. But sure enough, the smell was coming from the mussels. When he took his first bite, I could tell from his facial expression that something was wrong. He gave me one to try, and I almost spit it out. It tasted like the Indian curry smell (not that I don't like Indian curry, but it was like a rotten Indian curry smell). I then took a bite of the calamari that came with my cod. It was absolutely disgusting. I got very bad food poisoning from calamari in Cuba last summer, and this calamari tasted exactly like the one that made me sick. Then, I took a bite of the cod hoping it was tasty. It was also disgusting. It didn't taste fresh, and it had no flavor. We slowly ate our entree not wanting to waste the food, but it was difficult. The food was not edible and I feared getting a stomach flu. I insisted my boyfriend to tell the waiter. He's not the type to vocalize to waiters if something is off, but I think rotten seafood is absolutely not acceptable especially since his mussels smelled like Indian curry. We quietly told our waitress and her first reaction was "SERIOUSLY??!!" She seemed a bit pissed and like she didn't believe us and went onto say how the mussels are sourced every morning etc. We saw her go to the kitchen and talk to one of the cooks, who then looked over in our direction. The waitress returned and apologized and took away the plates. She asked us if we wanted to order another entree. We refused and asked for the check. She came back and gave us the dessert menu. We just wanted to leave, but she insisted that we order a dessert on the house. We ordered the creme brûlée, which was impressive. But we still would not come back to this restaurant. They did take the mussels off the bill, though, which was nice but the meal still ended up being $113 plus tip.
#REVIEW#Le Parisien will make you forget you're in Murray Hill. (Thank god!)I came with four friends craving french food for a girls night. We shared many orders of escargot with yummy bread. Thai and Marinieres style mussels, steak frites and duck confit. The creme brulee, my fave, did not disappoint. Space is small, I would not recommend coming with a group larger than four.TLDR: Great cafe for when you're craving classic french food, wine and a cozy atmosphere!
#REVIEW#Came here with my team for lunch and honestly the food here was great and delicious. They make the food to order so you know it's just cooked and not pre-made or frozen. The chicken and steak was made so tender and perfect; and the fries were amazing!! Honestly one of my favorite French spots so far and would love to come back and try their other items on the menu.
#REVIEW#Delicious food and great service. 5 stars especially for the outdoor sitting that was big enough to accommodate 5 of us and my dog. Came here on Memorial Day, but they had lunch menu, no brunch since it was a Monday.  I got the steak frites. Was a good portion of food and the red wine thyme sauce was yummy. My friends got the spinach egg white omelette, and another friend got the grilled steak sandwich. They all liked their food. Our entrees all had fries, crispy. Our waitress was nice and attentive. They also have a great selection of wine.
#REVIEW#Wow was this place good! My first thought when I walked in to the place was this is going to authentic and it was! A small, quaint place, reservations are definitely recommended but I happened to walk in alone on a Wednesday at 6:30 and got a seat by the door. It was a hard choice for food, but I went with the mussels espagnole.  They were amazing! Served with roasted tomato and chorizo, they are unlike any other mussels I've had and the mussels were nice and meaty! I wanted to sip every last bit of the sauce at the end.  They are served with nice and crispy French fries, no sauce needed here! Every table gets some nice and delicious, fresh baked bread and butter - super good to dip the bread in the leftover mussels sauce. I couldn't help myself and also ordered some dessert - the creme brûlée! Super good and crispy on top. Loved it all!
#REVIEW#Overall: intimate, lovely, authentic French atmosphere dimly lit at night for a lovely date spot. Went here for dinner- classic French options are available. Food: I ordered the duck confit with mustard sauce. The sauce was a nice unexpected spice twist. Delicious if you enjoy spicy food. The duck is a little dry , but still unique and very tasty.Would return for a nice dinner date.
#REVIEW#French Escargot, Mussels, Duck Confit, and Steak! I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday, and we loved it!***Locals Very cute and dainty French restaurant! Many French delicacies and wines.***Travelers Get a reservation! It's small, but you are quickly escorted to a seat if you make a reservation. Very romantic and dark.***My Recommendation The escargots and the mussels were delicious! It was also the best steak we ever had!IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#Love this place! Came here for brunch with a party of 5. A very quaint and comfy restaurant with delicious and filling food. Everyone was a fan of the steak sandwich topped with Gruyere cheese, eggs benedict and the feta and spinach omelette. All of the entrees came with a side salad and super crispy french fries. My party and I were also a fan of the carafes of sangria, mimosas and bellinis they served. Everything is super affordable and the waitstaff is very pleasant and genuine.IG: @twomorebites
#REVIEW#This is a very special bistro that should not be overlooked. The food is artfully prepared with the freshest ingredients and love. The waitstaff are helpful and cheery. Each bite is a delight. (The tomatoes in the artichoke salad are poached in vinaigrette. The moules frites are huge and juicy, cooked to perfection. The frites are extra crispy and perfectly salted. The chicken is perfection). The wine list is short and well curated, with great selections at multiple price points. I highly recommend Le Parisien, enjoy!
#REVIEW#This is a tiny quaint French spot in Kips Bay. We went here on an early Saturday night, but it's a good thing we had a reservation as the place filled up incredibly quickly. It has a very charming, old school feel. When we arrived, the place felt very warm and inviting and the hostess was especially welcoming. We decided to split a carafe of the bordeaux and were very pleased with our choice. For the appetizer, we split the baby spinach salad and the escargot (how could we resist!). The escargot were delicious and after we practically mopped up that butter sauce with our bread. For the main, we tried the duck confit and the sesame crusted tuna. Both were done perfectly. Lastly, we finished with the crème brûlée - what a perfect end to the perfect meal!Would highly recommend if a quick trip to France isn't on the table. If I'm in the area I'll absolutely come back!
#REVIEW#NYC is known for its great culinary scene, glamorous and grand restaurants, but what's even greater are the smaller restaurants sprinkled on every street that seem so warm, intimate and inviting. In comes Le Parisien. There's nothing extremely fancy about this restaurant, but it more than makes up for it in its cozyness and food.We came here for a 7:15pm reservation on a very busy Thursday evening and, yes, it was very, very busy. It was so busy that there were no walk-ins allowed, so anyone looking to dine here should absolutely make a reservation. Anyhow, it took a few minutes for us to eventually be seated, but we got there not long after our reservation time passed.The dinner menu was very simple and just a single page, which I liked. Not only that, but every single ingredient in the dishes were listed out as well. It was basically broken down into Appetizers, Mussels and Entrees, with the entrees consisting of quite a few fish dishes, chicken, pork steak, duck and pasta. Nothing overwhelming if you're the type that can't choose.We first started off our evening with a French Onion Soup and dish of Escargots. Both were a little underwheleming. The French Onion Soup was a bit watery, but the layer of cheese on top was very thick. The Escargots were too small for my liking and I really couldn't make out the flavor. It was pretty bland.We had much better luck with our entrees though. Here's a few thoughts on them:SESAME CRUSTED TUNA, BLACK RICE, SHITAKE MUSHROOMS, WILTED SPINACH, STAR ANIS GINGER SAUCE- I'm a tuna fanatic, so I'm probably biased when I say I liked the entree. Whenever there's tuna, I'm there. The black rice was interesting and a tasty carb addition. The shitake mushrooms were layered on top with some spinach as well. I loved the tuna, but wasn't the biggest fan of the sesame crust on them. I could've did without them as the sesame crust altered the flavor of the tuna with each bite, but it wasn't bad either.BISTROT STEAK FRITES WITH A RED WINE THYME SAUCE, GLAZED SHALLOTS- On paper, this seemed like the best entree on the menu. The steak was a thing of beauty on the plate. It was surrounded by a boatload of thin steak frites ... and who doesn't love steak frites. The steak was tender, juicy and sitting in a nice pond of sauce. Unfortunately, this wasn't my entree, but I know my wife loved it.Our other friend ordered the pan roasted half chicken, but I didn't get a chance to try it. She seemed to have loved it though as she cleaned up on her plate. Lastly, we ordered an Apple Tart Tatin with Vanilla Ice Cream as our dessert. I can't say it looked too appetizing, but it was good. It was soft, warm and had plenty of apple slices.Service was ok throughout the evening. At the very start, it wasn't great as we were made to wait despite having reservations, but overall they gave us decent service. Like I said, it's a nice, intimate restaurant and very small. Even though it's intimate, it can be a bit noisy still, so beware. Reservations are also highly recommended. Other than that, the food is solid.
#REVIEW#This place is amazing no doubt but first let me say one thing that went wrong. Our friends just got engaged and they wanted to try French place. The  moment we came they said they open at 11 okay so we went out and waited, no worries. After they opened we went in and they said our name wasn't there. My friend tried to book it online and he couldn't do it so he called and booked the reservation and also he called twice to confirm it was there knowing this place is famous and great but nop our name wasn't there. The lady was nice and took us in. That's why I gave 5 stars. So who ever booked it screwed up very unprofessional. I ordered salmon and egg which was great. Over all food was good and of course the service was great. Clean and nice small place. The price was decent.
#REVIEW#Small restaurant, so definitely book a table in advance if you're planning on going for dinner. Absolutely amazing French food. Definitely better than some other places in the neighborhood. For appetizers we ordered the filet mignon carpaccio, duck pâté, and escargot. The carpaccio was delicate, buttery, and you could taste the truffle. The pâté was also delicious and I actually really enjoyed it with the garnish sauces. For mains, we ordered the duck confit, skate fish, and calf's liver. All were very good!
#REVIEW#My girlfriend took me here for my early birthday dinner before she goes on a trip to Japan.  She took me here for a fancy french dinner.  At first I feel the seating arrangements are very crowded.  The food smells very good in the air as I already knew what to order.Service:There is only about 2 people who were waitering that night and the service was a little slow, but not that bad.  The waitress answered the questions we asked.  The only negative part I'll say was not letting us know if we order the Espangnole did not come with fries if we go with the main course instead of the appetizer.  Food:We ordered two appetizers the Espagnole ($19) and the Escargot ($19).  The Espagnole had a lot of mussels and the broth was delicious.  I just wish the broth was not covered by the small pot given.  There were only 6, but it was all delicious.  For the main entree, I went with the Bistrot Steak Frite ($26) medium rare.  The steak itself was very good as the meat just melts in my mouth.  It was the perfect red ratio and of course it comes with fries.  My girlfriend went with the Duck Confit ($26), the duck was also good and tasted better compare to other friend restaurants I been to.Overall:  I will come back here again for the steak.
#REVIEW#This place is a hidden gem. I was in the mood for French food and as soon as I walked up and started to check out the menu, I was surprised to hear customers walking out express their delight about the food. And they weren't wrong.This restaurant reminded me of the amazing food that is very characteristic of France. From the intimate bistro ambiance to the chance to practice my rudimentary français with the servers, I enjoyed my experience there.I had the moules-frites (mussels and fries)--a classic staple of French cuisine--paired with a glass of white wine from the Sancerre region, and it was delicious. I couldn't help but eat a whole basket of bread while dipping into that moules-frites sauce! But, what really won me over was their crème brûlée, which was so fresh that you could taste the contrast between the warm crunchy caramelized surface and the cool, rich and creamy custard.One thing to note: I was lucky because I was a party of 1, butbecause the restaurant is small, make sure to make a reservation--especially if you're going for dinner!En tout cas, merci beaucoup pour l'excellent service et à bientôt! :)
#REVIEW#Occasion: dinner with reservationAmbience: small place but cozy, tables are close to each other so if you are talking about confidential or business this may not be the best place for you. Price: a bit pricier for the neighborhood Food: high quality and deliciousPersonal favorites: endive salad, duck confit, steak and fries, profiteroles (dessert)
#REVIEW#This place was good. The food was simple and of high quality. The steak frites was tender. As tender as I've had Hangar steak be. The frites were crisp and seasoned well. The escargot were garlic and buttery - your typical escargot. They served crusty bread with it. It was a nice little bite to split without a big heavy meal.
#REVIEW#A French bistro that's straight out of central casting:The menu is like a greatest hits list of French dishes. I had steak frites, and she had sauteed trout. The food is a base hit, or maybe even a double: well-executed, flavorful dishes that are exactly what you expect. Both the food and the accompanying carafe of Cotes du Rone also struck us as very reasonably priced for quality and portion.Atmosphere was...crowded New York restaurant? There's a tricolor hanging from the far wall and a PSG scarf above the wine bar to let you in on their relevant loyalties. Wine is listed by glass, carafe, and bottle on a chalkboard. Our only complaint was that they seated us at a table so close to the entrance that patrons still waiting to be seated were looming over us. Even by New York standards it was tight. We might have asked to reseated but on a busy Friday night that would've set us back 15-20 minutes.Service was efficient and not unkind (which is to say about par for my experiences in Paris). We had a reservation, arrived on time, and were seated immediately (albeit at the aforementioned table of shame). Food and wine then came out quickly.We don't live in the neighborhood, but we'll keep this restaurant on our shortlist of reliable midtown spots.
#REVIEW#This is a lovely brunch spot in Murray Hill! I didn't expect the interior to be so small with just a few tables, but even so there was no wait on a Sunday morning for two people. Once I walked in I was instantly reminded of Europe - the place definitely had that old-school, French charm to it. The hostess was very welcoming and the service was great throughout.What I ordered: Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon, which comes with a side salad and fries. Highly recommend! I've ordered this dish at many restaurants and usually I find the english muffin to be too stiff, but not the one here. The portion is generous, not to mention that with the brunch entrees you get unlimited coffee. All this for $15 (yes, very rare in NYC!)If you're sick of overhyped brunch places with mediocre food or just looking for somewhere to brunch in the neighborhood, definitely give Le Parisien a try. It's charming and serves delicious food at a reasonable price. I'm going back to try their other dishes.
