#NAME#Despaña
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/despa%C3%B1a-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#gourmet,spanish,importedfood#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Loved this place for a tasty lunch! It's a spanish "grocery store" with a separate counter where you could order tapas. We ordered several tapas at the counter & then you sit down wherever you want and they bring the good out to you. The tapas were so good that I had to walk back a few days later all by myself to taste a couple more. Next time in town this will be my first stop
#REVIEW#After experiencing how amazing tapas are in Spain, it's surprisingly quite difficult to find good ones in NYC but Despana makes the cut! Very casual setting & good for lunch or a mid-day snack. We shared a bunch of tapas, but the most memorable ones were the Boquerones and the Pan con Tomate. Would love to come back for a cheese plate and to try some of their sandwiches.
#REVIEW#Hands down my most favorite Spanish store/restaurant in town! It has the most authentic chorizos and sandwiches and everything is such great value!I always stuff myself with all the free samples of bread and olive oil and cheese and ham and then choose the best one to buy. The staffs there are so nice and they will always treat you well no matter how much you try!I also love their ensalada rusa but its only available in the summer!
#REVIEW#You know when deep down- you expect cozy and romantic?  But you really end up with something totally different? Despite pictures on Yelp, I thought I was getting warm and welcoming- without the flash and the buzz. It's not them......it's me- because I picked this place and expected something else. Despaña opens up with jamón Iberico, jamón Serrano and maybe another ham- which they slice off paper-thin for you. Shelves on your left with tons of Spanish packaged products you'd find in Spain. Plus counter space from the front window- to the back. You do all your ordering in the back and select your Tapas or any dish from their closed-in glass case, overhead menu or their hand-held menu. This is where I got stumped...and didn't expect counter-service ordering, pay, sit down and meal brought over. There were a few Vegetarian options- but Vegan Tapas were nil so settled on a Cod Fish+Béchamel and a Bleu Cheese+Béchamel 'Pintxos' (small bites)- which were different and good. Several cups of Sangria (though too much ice) were well done and hit me. My husband ordered a chorizo Bocadillo (sandwich) and an Iberico ham sandwich. At $32, our pièce de résistance Seafood-only Paella, lacked taste, size and 'Seafood'- truly, wasn't a showstopper! Or maybe I see Sevilla Restaurant's Seafood-only Paella, as my blueprint. It's communal-style eating on either their 3 marble tables with shareable Olive O, Ground Pepper and Sea Salt. There's a cute 2-seater high top counter you can use or another smaller counter for 1 to enjoy your meal as well. Service was very pleasant from the young staff bringing food over. I didn't get the best-ever Paella, the roaring fireplace (being facetious) or the soft lighting (because it's all about the lighting)- but I'll say this much......this is a very nice hot spot which I wouldn't mind hitting it during the day. And if you want a nice scope of Spain with their Tapas, Sandwiches or other smaller bites- Despaña is really your place...... for a quick bite.
#REVIEW#Olé!Closest to being in Spain eating Tapas.I wandered solo, and tapas are to be shared. I need to come with my friends to sample quite a few.Got La Plancha 2015 , full bodied tinto, very nice. Pulpo a la Gallega, too much for one, but I ate the whole thing. Also, a mini Flauta Ibérica. Olives. Torta De Santiago y Chocolate Caliente. Oh, my!!!Just for this is good to come back.Ok, came back with a friend. This time we sample a few tapas. Tostados Baldana-Cod,Potato, Cheese. I don't usually eat Cod, but I liked it.Croquetas Ibérico from the famous ham. Delicious.Croquetas Cabrales-Cheese ones, powerfulPatatas Bravas con Chistorras- for me the best of all the tapas. With Garlic Aioli sauce. I wish I had it now.Chocolate Caliente was a disappointment this time around.Stopped at the Gourmet store at the front and bought a Turrón that I have never tried. I'm hooked now. Turron de Guirlache.By The Way, they carry one of Spain best turrón brands. 1880 & Lobos.
#REVIEW#-Private Event Review-We live in NYC and have visited Despana multiple times over the past few years for wine and tapas. We loved the food and vibe so much that we decided to host our wedding reception there. We wanted to minimize any planning we had to do, and Despana was able to handle every aspect of the event with warmth and professionalism. The space allows for 40-60 people and is perfect if you would like to host an event without any stress on your part. The time allotment is 8-10:30 pm.Two months before our event, we came into the store for a tasting of cheeses, charcuterie, and hors-d'oeuvres. Of all the types they offer, you are allowed a selection of five different cheeses and five different charcuterie meats, as well as four different hors-d'oeuvres (we had chorizo and pulpo skewers, pistou with squid, bacalao squares, and olive-anchovy skewers). Wine is easily provided by Despana's wine store next door with a huge selection of Spanish wines. We made it simple by having one bubbly, one red, and one white.  They also have paella and a tarta de santiago for dessert.  The prices are extremely reasonable (around $80/head for all food above, additional for wine) for the quality of food and the location.The store was able to close early on the night of our event, which began at 8 pm. Wine was ready to be served. The space was already so celebratory even without additional decorations (which you could bring to the store one week before if you wanted to add more). To our surprise, a chef was preparing the seafood paella in person with the traditional, wide pan, and it contained a generous amount of seafood (shrimp, shellfish, squid). In the back, there were festive displays of charcuterie, cheeses, and mounds of marcona almonds. As guests arrived, the cozy space filled up nicely and had a great ambiance with all the mingling. Hors-d'ouevres were pushed out and a second pan of paella was freshly prepared after the first one disappeared. We were able to talk to all our guests without worrying about anything, which was exactly the kind of reception we wanted.As the night ended, we and some of the guests lingered (much) past 10:30, and this was completely okay with the Despana team as they were cleaning up. They also were able to pack up leftover paella in boxes and charcuterie for guests/us to take home, and also offered to deliver the unopened wine bottles. Everything about the night was seamless and we couldn't have asked for more.
#REVIEW#Really fun place. They have a market at the entrance that leads to the registers. They have a great selection of Spanish grocery items and samples! Josh let me taste a couple extras before making my purchase (pricey). I ordered the Tradicional with Serrano ham and the chorizo a la sidre. The place has a great ambiance and I would return for a special treat but for the price I could not become a regular.Update: They messed up my order. Ugh. I asked for two meats on my sandwich and they charged me extra and didn't put it on...
#REVIEW#Was hoping that this place could somewhat replicate the food nirvana that is San Sebastian and Barcelona.  It's got all the trappings, including a variety of options, but the actual taste falls a little short.  It's not bad, but also not good enough to come back or push people to visit.  The chorizo was on the salty side, the blood sausage was a bit bland, and the boquerones savory flavor was overpowered by the vinegar.There was some strange quirk in the menu where they charged more for a glass of cava vs. a bottle, asked the cashier when ordering what was up and she just shrugged and said that's how it was...so we obviously went with the bottle.
#REVIEW#A very cute grocery store with seats available inside.Their Iberico ham was very authentic. Tender and flavorful while not too salty, a definite healthy ham to have. Highly recommended if you have yet tried this type of ham. Other food was less impressive.The price is high, but consider their location this is understandable. A good spot to stop by for some small tapas for sure.Service was good and atmosphere very Spanish. Four star well deserved. They also have a wine store next door which I would like to check up next time. It looks great!
#REVIEW#Great casual place to grab tapas. There's a dining area in the back of a meat and cheese shop.Tried the squid ink paella, sausage, cured tuna, and croquettes. The sausage had lots of oil, but the sauce was great. The paella didn't skimp on the amount of squid. Definitely a strong flavor. Wish there would've been an option to try half of the seafood paella and half of the squid ink. Lots of variety on the menu so definitely good to go with a group!
#REVIEW#The squid ink paella is amazing! Served after 3 and takes about 40-45 min to prepare.We ordered the blood sausage for something to nibble on as we waited. It's served with bread. Dip it into the very hearty olive oil they have, add salt and pepper to finesse.The food here is amazing, and they let you sample before you commit to something.I am a huge fan of this place.It definitely feels like I'm in Spain.
#REVIEW#Despaña is a mini-grocery store with Spanish ingredients and foods that also serves Spanish foods that are delicious. It acts like a scaled-down Spanish version of Eataly.The ambience is fairly casual but I think that it is great for a date since table space can be limited and it helps to go with fewer people.For food, I highly recommend the arroz con jibiones. The squid in ink is amazing and seasoned well, highlighting the slight brininess of the squid ink. The pulpo a la gallega is prepared very well and the mashed potato pairs well with the octopus.They also have a large selection of wine so I recommend getting a glass or two. The space at Despaña will transport you to Spain: romantic and jovial.
#REVIEW#Completely forgot about a mini review for this place ages ago. Thanks Chris R for liking my photo.They have a very large selection of goods from of course meat and cheese to Spanish soft drinks, wines, and torron to name a few. Staff here was pleasant. I had a jamon bocadillo as I just wanted a small snack as well as a Spanish drink, I believe some type of sour soda. The jamon as expected was good. I'd go back to try their octopus. Nice place.
#REVIEW#Best Jamon in New York. They really don't need to do more beyond that to be one of my favorite spots in NY. They do have a great selection of treats here though. I kind of wish that their cheese station was a little easier to grab and go, but I can't complain much. This place is great.
#REVIEW#5 stars for food, 2 stars for service. 3 stars total.So let me start off with how great the food at this place is. It's really good place to have a nice Spanish food and the food are so flavorful and delicious. They are also kind of sell ingredient to make good food as well as snacks and other goodies from Spain. Now, why did I have 2 stars for their service. We were waiting for food for 57 minutes, yes I keep track. We constantly ask them and they said it will come out soon. This is lunch hour so I understand it's busy however telling us that it will be coming out in 15 minutes when we actually wait 50, that's not alright. If we knew it will take that long we would rather order something else. We complain about it but all they said is "sorry", apology is fine but I didn't feel the sincere. However when we get the food, it's really good and it doesn't look like it would take 50 mins to make. It's squid in their ink over rice. It was really good !
#REVIEW#Normally a great experience but today was horrible.Tired of people who at places think they are better then the customer. Order the same thing with a gentleman who's normally always here. But today is the second time I've encountered  Her attitude SUCKS! 1st time was to go placed order and she agreed to knowing what I wanted and  when got to place I had to go it was wrong!Today's experience was same placed order for a tortilla on a hero she agreed to knowing what I wanted (didn't bring up last episode) and it's wrong. Then as I'm drinking my coffee waiting for sandwich it comes wrong AGAIN! Tell server what it is and then proceeds to tell me it's more, no problem receipt comes and I'm charged 6.80 for bread on top of price of order. So the bread cost more than order? No sense
#REVIEW#I stop here before or after my hair appointments across the street to pick up a sandwich and a bottle of wine. I think I've tried every sandwich on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed. So many great meal/snack options here-- they've helped when I've needed to bring something to share to a cocktail party and also have plenty of options for host gifts. Oh, and if you're lucky, free samples! YUM
#REVIEW#Yo, but that white anchovies and tomato shit is the truth. It's smooth and silky and a lil bit salty -- just the right amount of everything.We also got some blood sausage which was tender and chewy and smothered in some thick red (sweet and bit tangy) sauce. Then: The squid ink paella arrived. The aroma attacked the shit out of my nose. The sight seduced my insides and made me belly dance with excitement. The first few bites are amazing. But then after like 10 or so bites, you get the point. SUPER SUPER INKY AND SMOOTH. And it fills you up really quick, so eat slow.
#REVIEW#I'm so glad I listened to my friend who suggested looking this place up while in NYC for the weekend! I loved it so much, I came back the next day to buy 4 cheeses and a cafe con leche (de almendra). When I came Saturday, I ordered the fava and chorizo soup and it was perfect for the rainy, cold day. It reminded me of a soup I had while in Spain. They brought it to the table with several pieces of crunchy bread. On the table was evoo and a few other condiments. It was peaceful and I got a study session in. After a half hour, I decided to move on to explore the area. The next day when I returned with my husband and the shop and cafe were still full of customers, which indicated to me that locals like this place too! A young man who helped me at the cheese counter was super friendly and offered great suggestions and could cut the cheese to the correct weight upon sight! I enjoyed using my Spanish without a second glance, like I get back home.I can't wait to return to NYC and back to Despaña!
#REVIEW#What a cool spot!!! It's a little spot you can buy food to stay and pair with wine next door, or food you can pack on the go or add to a homemade dish. I liked the open, communal seating. I also like how homey it feels. Worth coming here to catch up with friends!
