#NAME#Num Pang Kitchen
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/num-pang-kitchen-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cambodian,sandwiches#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#A fellow Yelper recommended Num Pang Kitchen to me for lunch. It was literally just around the block from my office and was quite busy.I ordered the grilled steak salad with house dressing and no bell peppers. The mix of veggies were all very fresh and crispy, and the addition of Thai basil and cilantro made it more Asian-fusion. Grilled steak was juicy, tender, and well-seasoned, and there's a good amount of protein in the bowl too. House dressing is basically fish sauce and it did a good job bringing all the ingredients together. It's an umami bomb that's both savory and tangy!Overall, I thought Num Pang Kitchen is a solid place to grab lunch. The staff is friendly and I got my to-go order in no time. I will come back when I'm visiting NY in the future!
#REVIEW#Saw that this place had over 1,000 reviews so of course I had to check it out to see myself! I got there around 12:30 pm and it didn't see too packed, by the time I got my sandwich and left there was already a decent sized line forming outside. Seating wise, there's some high chairs by the window but definitely a more grab and go sandwich place for working professionals in the area. Looks like in addition to sandwiches, they have bowls and salads as well. I ended up getting the pork belly sandwich. It's a decent sized and filling sandwich. The bread was toasted and crispy. They loaded the sandwich up with a lot pickled shredded carrots. The pork belly was tasty, juicy, and had a lot of flavor. Surprisingly the juicy pork belly didn't make the sandwich soggy since I had a 10 min walk back to the office. It does get tricky to eat, so I'd recommend grabbing a fork as well so you can make sure you eat all the toppings that fall off. Really like the sandwich, knocked off one star because I personally think it's a bit overpriced. I got one sandwich and my total came to about $11. Getting Asian sandwiches in midtown always pains me because I know I could get it somewhere else for a fraction of the price...TL,DR: Small grab and go sandwich place with tasty sandwich and bowl/salad options. Little bit over priced imo but that's the midtown tax for ya
#REVIEW#I've seen some people say this is the best sandwich in NYC. Ridiculous. It still amounts to a good sandwich though.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. I'm not sure how the pricing for it works, because I was charged less than the menu said I was supposed to pay. The sandwich itself was decent, but the bun wasn't heated or anything. In addition, the sandwich had everything continually falling out, so it was a pretty big mess in general.I also tried their ginger lemonade, which was a little expensive but still pretty good.I don't know what else to say about it, other than it was a decent sandwich.
#REVIEW#Tried this small placed because nearly 1000 reviews on yelp. Also tried the recommended 5 spice pork sandwich and a side of butternut squash. The side was very small, and not completely cooked through. However, if done right it was flavorful. The spicy pork belly sandwich was packed with flavor however also quite small in size. Overall good for taste but for $15 on lunch, it can be better severed elsewhere.
#REVIEW#I absolutely love the story of Num Pang Kitchen. Num Pang means "sandwich" in CambodianThese two guys who were working in the food industry bumped into each other after years out of the same college (Clark University) and decided to start making Cambodian sandwiches. I was accepted to Clark several years back so my cousin brought it up when she was touring the school with me. But aside from that, I have to say, these are AMAZING sandwiches. The sandwiches are filled with an incredible mix of various spices and sauces that really make each sandwich packed with flavor. It is definitely a step up from your typical Vietnamese sandwich. The menu feels a lot like those fast-casual restaurants popping up throughout America. I've ordered the coconut tiger shrimp rice bowl/sandwich, five-spice glazed pork belly sandwich, and roasted chicken "chimi" sandwich. I've ordered the shrimp sandwich the most just because I love seafood, but I definitely recommend the five-spice glazed pork belly. Who doesn't love pork belly? I also highly recommend giving their Cambodian Iced Coffee a try. It is crisp, fresh, and not super strong. In my opinion, this location is fairly empty or maybe it's because I went 10 minutes after the store opened. It is unlike the Brookfield Place location. Price wise, I feel like it is reasonable. Around $15 for both a drink and a sandwich. It is expected especially for lunch in the city.
#REVIEW#Wow wow wow. I've heard great things about this place and how popular it is with the general population but WOW. I came here to grab a bite for lunch and finally saw what the noise was about. This place has become one of my favorite sandwich spots by far. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich to go.  I loved how it came in a little paper box that way my sandwich is secured and won't get smushed as I transport it. It came in a baguette that was toasted perfectly. The outside was so crispy and inside was soft. The pulled pork was done so well that the fat just melted in my mouth as I took a bite. The cucumber just added a refreshing tastes and the spicy mayo and pickled carrots just added to the amazing flavor. I will definitely be back for more!P.S Don't let the appearance fool you! It's 10 times better than it actually looks.
#REVIEW#Pretty solid place to grab lunch in the area. If you're a big fan of Vietnamese banh mis, then you'll definitely love this place. Num Pang offers sandwiches and bowls that are full of flavor and texture. I had the chicken chimi rice bowl and it was delicious. The chicken was flavor packed and tender, the rice was fluffy and aromatic and the cilantro gave the entire meal a nice earthy aftertaste. The pickled carrots and daikon added a nice crunch. Drizzle some Sriracha over everything and you have perfection. The staff were friendly and efficient. This isn't really a sit down venue since it is small (aside from a few tables), so I'd recommend bringing your lunch back to your office.
#REVIEW#Excellent lunch spot in midtown.  Their line is efficient for those lunch hour crowds and they have some delish sandwiches and other options!I ordered the shrimp sandwich and it was wonderful, and also the perfect amount of food for lunch!  But they also have options for bowls and salads. Small spot, so don't expect to sit in house.  Great to take with you to the office!
#REVIEW#As a huge fan of banh mi and similar sandwiches, I was pretty hyped about trying Num Pang, especially considering all the rave reviews they got on Yelp.The sandwiches weren't bad, but they were far from the best I've had in New York. I tried both the pork belly and the BBQ brisket sandwiches. Both were decent but nothing to write home about. I had the chili soy instead of the chili mayo because I'm not a fan of mayo, and it tasted kind of off. The meat was also a bit tough. But the vegetables were very fresh and flavorful and the baguette was great and toasted perfectly.I'd go back if I was in the area but wouldn't go out of my way just to eat here when there are plenty of great banh mi places around.
#REVIEW#Enjoyed it for the first time, but honestly, probably would not come back again because why pay $11-12 for a sandwich when you can get bigger portions elsewhere? I ordered the five spice pork belly on quinoa bread. Paying the extra $1 for the quinoa bread doesn't really make a big difference from the regular plain baguette. The sandwich has a thick slab of pork belly is surprisingly really tender even though it looked a bit dry when i cut into it. The five spice wasn't as overpowering as I thought, overall great flavor. It comes topped with pickled carrots, cucumber and cilantro.
#REVIEW#Num Pang serves up some pretty good sandwiches and bowls. You can't really go wrong with any of them. The soups are just okay to me, but I think it's just my palate.One particularly notable thing about this location is how friendly the staff is. Last Sunday around lunch time, I stopped in for a chicken bowl, and the staff were super cheerful and helpful. Kudos to the management for great hiring at this location!FYI, this particular location has only a few bar seats, so it's predominantly a take away spot.
#REVIEW#The customer service could be friendlier but 5 spices pork belly sandwich was yummilicious.  It was kind of awkward eating it since it was just one long sandwich without being cut in half.  It started falling apart on me, but I ate every last bit of it.
#REVIEW#For a $12 sandwich I was definitely expecting at least a table. I suppose this place caters to local professionals who are on the run that maybe live in the area. The sandwich tasted good.  The meat had a little too much fat.  I just wasn't wild about the $12 price tag.   I guess I've been spoiled with $4 bahn mi sandwiches.  I thought $8 was out of control. There's a trendy grafitti mural inside this to go counter place and a bar with stools for dine in.I brought a friend here in the shadows of Grand Central Station in order to have a more local experience, with less crowds, and for a better price.  Now I just wish we woulda eaten at Grand Central.Food - good Value - overpriced Atmosphere - trendy with almost a Brooklyn vibe, but fundamentally a to go spot.
#REVIEW#This place probably is best for the professionals working in the area who are looking for quick meals. It's a solid 3 stars for location, general speed (gets crowded during regular weekday hours but the staff move quickly), and being so-so in terms of fusion food flavors. However, it doesn't even come close to banh mi joints in Chinatown and outside of the city, in terms of both price (where my $4 banh mi's at??) and quality. Quick thoughts:- Meat (both pork belly and beef brisket) has been overcooked 5 out of 5 times now. This is not how authentic Asian-styled pork belly tastes, folks. - Shrimp bowl / sandwich is my favorite, but again the shrimp came out overcooked a few times. - Veggie toppings on banh mi's are usually, but not always, fresh. The sandwiches are not nearly stuffed with toppings as they should be, particularly at this price tag. - Veggie tofu bowl is pretty to look at but could do with, well, more veggies.All in all, it's fine for what it is. I've been here multiple times for the convenience factor alone, and probably will continue to order takeout on days I'm not feeling picky.
#REVIEW#I've walked by Num Pang and have tried it many times that it's time to finally write a review!My friend and I walked around town and made an impromptu decision to pop in here as we walked past. Since they had some healthy options, I decided to go for their Num Pang Chicken Chimi Salad which came with grilled chicken over a nice bed of whole grain. I loved every bite which came with a good amount of flavour for a healthy dish. If you feel like it's lacking a little bit of spiciness, they have Sriracha available as their condiment. If your palate is more on the savory side, this will be perfect for you. If you're looking to feel extra full when you leave, I'd go for one of their Banh Mi sandwiches (all of which are amazing.)What's great about this place is that they don't skimp out on their portions and their staffs are also friendly, knowing how to treat their customers right. Although there isn't much room to sit, you'll probably to able to snatch a a seat along the wall if it's rush hour when lines are out the door as all your corporate guys are trying to get their food and go back to work. Pop in here for a quick bite if you're tired of your mainstream sandwich shop. Be adventurous and try something new for a change! ;)
#REVIEW#The five spice pork belly had a unique blend of sweet and smokey flavors. Definitely different from any other bahn mis I have tried before. The pulled pork was less flavorful, and was sort of lacking flavor. Nonetheless, 5 stars for the five spice!
#REVIEW#Cambodian inspired. Remember that folks.$3 chili lime mayo grilled corn was to die for. Even though I got mine to go it was all wrapped up and coated in the chili mayo, coconut shreds, and a lime on the side. Perfectly grilled and sweet corn.$9.50 pulled pork sandwich reminded me of eating a sloppy joe but with pulled pork. The carrots weren't too pickled, and the cucumbers thinly sliced instead of sticks. Just an fyi, eating it cold reminded me of eating cold tuna. I also got the pork belly but haven't had a chance to eat that yet.I ordered online for pick-up and they had my order ready to go. This place is purely a take-out restaurant so one line is to put in your order and one line is to exit. If you've already ordered just walk through the exit and say your name at the pick up counter.Smaller than your traditional banh mi with more americanized flavors, I'm not sure what makes Num Pang Cambodian. I'd return only for the grilled corn.
#REVIEW#Overall (3.5/5): Great flavor packed into a sandwich with Cambodian flair; service was a little unfriendly, and the overall value is lacking some. Food (4/5): We got the five-spice glazed pork belly and it came out nice and hot. The flavor was really great and full, and the accouterments added some crunch and other textures that balanced out the savory meat. Atmosphere (3/5): The space was really quite nice, with a bar area that you could sit and eat at. The service was ok; our sandwich didn't come cut all the way through and I asked for it to be re-cut and the servers weren't too enthused by this simple request.Uniqueness (4/5): Cambodian flair comes shining through in these sandwiches, and they are quite tasty!Value (3/5): For more than $9 for a sandwich split between two people, I would go somewhere else for a bite personally, but it certainly is an average value.
#REVIEW#Pang specializes in Southeast Asian-inspired sandwiches, bowls, and soups. As soon as you walk in you will notice the graffiti art on the walls and the hip hop and reggae music playing from the speakers. The man at the cashier was very nice and offered me a small cup of hot apple cider because I had the sniffles. Very kind and thoughtful! Moving onto space, service and the most important food. The place is small and cozy; it's a nice sit down for lunch. Service was very quick even though the place is known for having long lines. Guess it was my lucky day!!! The Coconut Tiger Shrimp sandwich was absolutely mouth-watering and fulfilling. Next time I will try having the bowl. For drinks, I had their most common drink, blood orange lemonade which was not my favorite; not a fan of sour drinks :/ Otherwise, everything was great!
#REVIEW#So gooddddd! They have vegetarian friendly options and their sandwiches are BOMB. Yes, they are the BOMB. I had the portobello mushroom sandwich with vinaigrette... It was filling and absolutely delicious. My bf has the spicy tofu sandwich and It tasted so good! Both sandwiches were rich in flavor and on top of that, you have unlimited sriracha sauce to put on It! How can you go wrong? We also tried the jalapeño and funky chips by recommendation of the cashier. Who was by the way, very nice and started a conversation with us while we waited. The funky chips were a mix of bbq and salt and vinegar, YUM! Such a delicious sandwich spot! We will definitely be back.It's a 5 min walk to the water so we took our sandwiches and ate there, the kitchen itself has no tables but a bar to sit at while eating. Happy yelping and Sriracha your life up a little ;)
