#NAME#Nish Nush
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/nish-nush-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegetarian,moroccan,greek#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#My old roommates and I were visiting NYC for the Tribeca Film Fest. We were looking for somewhere to grab dinner on our first night in the city after a long day of travel, and thought the reviews for Nish Nush looked good. None of us is vegetarian, btw. Anyway, boy were we delighted! Prices pretty reasonable for NY and you get a TON of food! We should have ordered maybe half of what we did and just shared it, but 2 falafel trio platters, the OMG, and a side of cauliflower later we deliciously regretted our choices and had a ton of food still left on our plates...Of the three falafel flavors, the spicy red chili pepper flavor was my favorite, but all three were top notch - plain and spinach were welcome on my plate and in my belly. Hummus was among the best I've ever had, and I wolfed down the lemony Israeli salad. I'm not one to order drinks other than water usually, but couldn't resist trying their homemade lemonade with ginger and turmeric, which was so light and refreshing, and not too sweet. My friend tried the frozen blended mint lemonade, and we ended up swapping drinks since she liked mine better and vice versa. Fruity, zingy, sweet, and cool, it the frozen treat was the perfect dessert to finish off my meal.
#REVIEW#3/5 because The food/ drink is good, not great Arrived very quickly  The place is clean enough,  Be prepared to wipe the tableTiny seating area but works well The service is pretty efficient and friendly   The price isn't great but comparable to other locations so can't complain Nothing that really makes it somewhere I want to go, wouldn't suggest it on a regular day as there are plenty choices for falafel, some being better, some being worse The portion is pretty good with above average falafel in the sandwich, good salad and sauce What saved it is the sauces that came with the sandwich, I don't think it would've been half as enjoyable to eat without the hot sauce and pickles  At the end of the day, it's a forgettable meal, it tried to be cool and great, it almost got there I'd suggest it if you're hungry and don't care what to eat and just want something to keep you alive
#REVIEW#I came in here as a vegetarian because I read great reviews and I was blown away. I ordered the deluxe sandwich which was all three kinds of falafel that they make in a whole wheat pita with israeli salad and hummus in a tahini sauce. It was very tasty! I also ordered a ginger and turmeric lemonade which comes with fresh mint and whole chunks of ginger and turmeric. And it was so refreshing! Also, the icing on the cake was that I waited for a little bit but not long at all for the lemonade so the waitress apologized while giving me a baklava on the house. Highly recommend this place! Great service and great food!
#REVIEW#This place is incredible. Counter staff was so kind, the food was delicious, it was incredibly clean. The girl who served us was wearing a cowboy hat (wished we asked for her name she was so sweet) and recommended the vegan schwarma which was pretty great. We also got the falafel trio which was even better. Both dishes were 10/10.
#REVIEW#I went here for lunch with my fiancé last week and we keep talking about how we need to go back. Very good and flavorful. You can tell that the food is fresh and you get a lot of food for the price. The staff was also very nice. Highly recommend this place!
#REVIEW#I wandered into Nish Nush based on the Yelp reviews and because I had theater tickets nearby and it looked like a good place to eat solo. I was not disappointed. The menu is a mix of vegan and vegetarian options, and definitely Mediterranean/Middle Eastern inspired. Sandwiches are served with a little cup of pickles and an olive. The falafel platter seemed to be a highlight. The atmosphere is a bit industrial with an open kitchen and a few hightop tables - definitely not great for a big group, but good for solos and small groups. There were several people that ordered takeout while I was there.On to my food: I ordered a lemonade with ginger and tumeric to drink, and it was delightful. They add a sprig of fresh mint as well, so it was light, refreshing, and not too sweet. The chunks of ginger and tumeric added a pleasant spiciness as well. For my meal, I ordered a cauliflower shug pita sandwich, opted for the wheat pita, and added beets. It was amazing. The cabbage added a good crunch, the cauliflower was roasted and sweet, the beets added a nice earthiness, the egg had a creamy yolk, and the harissa added a nice kick. My only complaint was that the pita was so overstuffed it was a bit messy! (A good complaint to have.) I was concerned I would still be hungry after a pita of veggies and egg, but not at all. Overall, a small gem in Tribeca. I'll definitely return when I'm in the neighborhood.
#REVIEW#Came here on Sunday for a late lunch on a very rainy day.  The staff was talking amongst themselves when we arrived, but were quick to help and jump into action.  We ordered the Falafel Trio platter and the Deluxe sandwich with avocado.  I probably would've added fries to my sandwich if I could, but the only option was to have them as a side, so we passed.  The woman taking our order, noticed I was feeling under the weather and let me know that they also sell tea in case I wanted some =), that was nice of her.There are a few high tables and counters for seating, but I can imagine the place filling up during the lunch rushes, on non-cold and rainy days.  The table we sat at was a bit dirty, but nothing a little wet nap didn't clean right up.  The table was designed with photos of chickpeas, which was cute, and there is a water cooler at the front counter for you to take as you please.  There is also a clean bathroom available for customers.We received our food pretty fast, and it was great.  We were a little afraid that since the place was empty coming in, that the falafel wouldn't be crunchy or etc but that wasn't the case at all.  The falafels were super crunchy, the hummus was great, and just all the food in general exceeded our expectations.  The trio platter is definitely enough for two people, just get an extra pita bread, or two.  Because we ordered two items, we ended up taking home half of the trio platter and it made for a great dinner the following night.  The falafels were really good even when reheated in the toaster oven, and didn't get dry.All in all, we'll be back here for sure.  I'm already craving it again.
#REVIEW#What a cool spot. It serves Moroccan/Middle eastern type cuisine and it does it well. The food is very good and deserves top rating however the experience was not as good. We sat at a high top and ate and it was FREEZING in there. It looks like it has those garage door type windows where it opens in the summer the problem is the draft makes it very cold and uncomfortable during the winter. Back to the food this place is a Fantastic option if you are looking for a vegetarian or vegan option for lunch. I went with the falafel trio which was a huge portion and impossible to eat all of it. They have three different flavors of falafel and all were incredible. Probably the best falafel I have had. The hummus also had a perfectly velvety texture and great flavor. I also tried one of their two featured soups. I went with the chilli bean soup and it was decent. The flavor was a little toned down but it had plenty of vegetables for my daily veggie quota. Probably wouldnt re-order.My colleague also tried the kale smoothie and said how it really hit the spot. The combination of kale and other flavors worked well in a smoothie.The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars was the freezing interior. It definitely put a damper on our experience. I would definitely come back but it would be only for take out or a time of year where it isn't cold.
#REVIEW#Nish Nush is honestly the only worthwhile restaurant to visit in the area. Sure, sushi of Gari is next door, but that's something more so for special occasions (for us mortals). NN provides quality, healthy food at a reasonable price, and does a good job on some of the other small things as well.For starters, there is free water here. I know NYC stores are legally compelled to give it to you if you ask, but it's a nice offer to put it out there for people. The food here tastes really good, and the most unique thing I can think of is that they have different kinds of falafel here. I usually get the regular green falafel, since it tastes just fine, but I think the best version is actually the roasted pepper falafel, which is red colored and slightly spicy. When I'm here, I typically get the popeye delight or the red hot chili sandwich, which are both prepared really quickly. They also include some dipping sauces in your to go order, to everything you'll need they've got. Please remember that this place is vegetarian.It's worth noting that while Nish Nush technically closes at 10:00 PM, many a time I've come here only to find that they've turned off their card processing machine, so if you don't have cash on you, the store will de facto be closed. This tends to happen as early as 30 mins to an hour before store close, so you may want to get here early if paying by card. It has frustrated me several times, so hopefully they stop doing this.
#REVIEW#Excellent Falafel, Hummus ain't bad either.So yeah, the falafel is really that good. Crunchy on the outside, soft - yet cooked! - on the inside, and light all around. They have a couple of styles (regular, spicy, etc.), and they're all pretty damn good. The hummus ain't bad either - serving as an excellent textural complement to the falafel, so that's good too.And yes, you can get this in a variety of forms - sandwiches, plates, Just The Falafel, etc.  Mind you, you better be careful, since the sizes are pretty huge Oh, one note, though there *are* tables here, it's not really a "eat in" kinda place. The stools are too short for the tables, and you're better off standing and eating. So, either take-away, or StandAndEat...
#REVIEW#We were lost. And then we found Nish Nush and all was forgiven.We actually were looking for someplace else when we got all turned around and ended up wandering in the wrong part of town (the story of my life). But adventures are great, and sometimes getting lost means you'll find salvation. And in this case, salvation on a sunny but chilly Sunday afternoon meant this delightful little spot. It's tiny, just a handful of seats. We ordered our sandwiches and only had to wait for a few minutes before it was ready.The classic falafel sandwich was spectacular. I added extra feta cheese on a white fluffy pita. As we sat down, we discovered a bottle of their tahini sauce ready for dousing on the sandwich. I'm not kidding when I say that I could have emptied out the entire bottle on my sandwich - it was that good. And then we saw a tiny glass jar of what looked like green salsa.  WHAT IS THIS MANNA FROM HEAVEN? THIS NECTAR OF GODS? So very spicy, fragrant and delicious. I had to have at least a little drizzle of this with every mouthful.Top five falafel choices in my life!
#REVIEW#What a great find! This spacious and warm restaurant put nice effort into the atmosphere. The tables filled with dried chickpeas was a favorite. The menu is easy to navigate and offers great quality at lunch price! The Deluxe sandwich was superb. Each of the three falafels were crunchy on the outside with warm fluffy insides. The cucumbers and slaw were refreshing as well as the layer of hummus. The wheat pita was the perfect fluffy vessel to this light, yet heavy sandwich. I left feeling full but not bloated. PLEASE visit.
#REVIEW#I've eaten at both the Tribeca and Financial District (John St) locations, and I can unequivocally say that Nish Nush has mastered falafel. Their Reade Street address in particular sees the most traffic, and frequently generates long lines during busier times.One of the reasons Nish Nush garners so much praise - and this is rare in Manhattan - is that for $7/$8, customers receive a generous portion of food. To clarify, I'm only considering their standard falafel sandwiches; many of the other items, like salads and platters, are at a higher price point, albeit still a great value.I prefer my falafel spicy, so the red hot chili sandwich is a no-brainer. The same sandwich without heat is available as well, featuring classic falafel. The red hot chili (roasted red pepper) variety isn't unbearably spicy, but it does have a kick to it. In addition to the falafel, the sandwiches include hummus, lettuce, Israeli salad, and pickles. In fact, they're so stuffed that it can be a challenge to eat the entire pita as intended. Personally, this isn't of much importance to me, since it doesn't affect the taste. But just as a heads-up for those looking to avoid a mess at all costs: a platter might be more suitable.I don't find myself in Tribeca or the Financial District very often, but when I am, stopping at Nish Nush is a must.
#REVIEW#Since returning from Israel, I've been on a hunt for good Middle Eastern food complete with the side salads they bring to your table at every restaurant. I found it right in Tribeca, Nish Nush. It's a corner street specious restaurant with friendly staff who remember your name if you go more than once. They have a simple menu, but I recommend the deluxe falafel mixing all their items into one whole wheat pita with those pickled side salads inside. It's perfectly cooked and assembled creating a well balance falafel. To drink, they make their own mint lemonade and it's to die for. If you're in the area, run here for lunch. Heck, if you're miles away, go out of your way to go!
#REVIEW#I love hummus and this place does it right.The sabich here is huge and very tasty. I love how they add lots of vegetables.I also tried the hummus with mushrooms. Not a surprise when I ate all of it because it's delicious.The pita is warm and tastes super fresh.It's one of my go-to places for lunch downtown.
#REVIEW#Seriously one of the best falafels I've ever had! I work in the neighborhood and come here often for lunch and never had a bad experience yet. The food is very flavorful and delicious. The falafel comes in 3 flavors and are some of the best I've ever had. The portion size is quite big and the platter can definitely be shared between two people. Highly recommend this place.
#REVIEW#This is a pretty solid spot for falafels!I ordered the red hot chili falafel sandwich with added tahini (because seriously, a falafel sandwich needs tahini!) because I love spicy options. I was happy with it. The falafel was warm and decently spicy. The sandwich was stuffed with ingredients and definitely filling. I also ordered the Moroccan carrot side and it was a lot bigger than anticipated and pretty flavorful. I'd recommend it to those of you who love carrots as much as me.The service was friendly and the food came out pretty quickly. The atmosphere is casual and the seating is communal. I'd recommend coming at off peak hours; even then it's pretty busy.Nish Nush is a great place in the area to grab a quick bite to eat. It's definitely one of the better falafel sandwiches I've had.
#REVIEW#Great portions for the platter. Wonderful falafel. Very disappointing hummus. Went on a weekday for lunch and got the falafel trio platter. It comes with their three different falafel types so you get to try them all! One of them is pretty spicy!It also comes with a pita so it's basically like you get to make your own sandwich, plus have leftovers on the side. The falafel is definitely great when warm, but the hummus was pretty disappointing. It lacked something that I can't quite put my finger on and was kind of bland (hard to describe but I didn't like it).
#REVIEW#It was the generic Mediterranean food, nothing great! I had high expectations so was a lil disappointed, I liked the falafel burger, it was spicy and I would say the only different item on this menu.
#REVIEW#One of the best falafel sandwich ever ! I am a frequent visitor here during lunch and it's good never disappoints me or my colleagues ! A bit tight on space during lunch hours where usually people grab-and-go. Their serving speed is very fast and you'll be in and out writhing 5 mins which is perfect. It's a 10 min walk from work but worth it !
