#NAME#Quality Italian
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/quality-italian-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,steak#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I was so excited to come here and am very glad I did. At first, I saw the Chicken Parm and wanted that more than anything but once I saw the size I knew there was no way to finish it. Being on vacation, leftovers were not an option. Likely my party of 3 was escorted to a back room because the main room was very noisy. Not in a bad way but it would have been difficult to hear each other. To start off the bread was fantastic. We had meatballs and calamari which were so flavorful. Our entree was the lobster pasta which was so delicious. It had little spice but nothing crazy. Definitely, a dish to share as it is so rich. We ended the night with the pistachio ice cream which was perfection. Highly recommend this gem.
#REVIEW#Slow service! Bread no good. Tough. Ordered calamari no good. Caesar salad just okServed a lot of fish but no flavor at all. Enough for 2 people. Have to guess it was frozen not fresh. Just not flavorful. Huge amount of bland fish. Hazelnut sauce no good. Lemon butter sauce preferred. Sorry
#REVIEW#It's hard to keep topping a 5 star review and make me write something different each and every time. Yet Quality Italian continues to make me keep writing 5 star reviews simply because the experience as usual was outstanding. As usual the food and drink are just outstanding. Starting with drinks an amazing wine selection and a staff that knows their wine. Myself on the other hand a beer guy took a beer tour with my favorite bartenders "Will & Will" and I'm going to throw in  another great barkeep Kenny who was at the downstairs bar the day I went all three are amazing at what they do with a superior knowledge of cocktails and all things alcohol but along with that a knowledge of what libation goes with each delicious dish they offer up. The dishes for the day some of the usual classics that I simply can't get enough of like the dry aged porterhouse agnolotti which is just the tops of pasta dishes for me and has ruined pasta for Me in other places because I'm constantly comparing. Along with that some classic corn creek brûlée... side dish? dessert? Who cares it's delicious, sausage and pepper toast and a some newer items like a crispy calamari casino with peperocini, bacon, and pimenton and amazing delicious dish that I could say with a bucket filled and devoured. Lastly I had a Berkshire pork chop with cherry Saba and crispy sage which had all those contrasting flavors that worked so well Together and plus the quality of Berkshire pork speaks for itself. As usual I'll end with I will back to QI and you should definitely head there ask for Will, Will or Kenny you won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#Absolutely superb!Quality Italian never disappoints. From the bread to the service, expect a good experience. The calamari is my favorite appetizer. The Chicken Parmesan is a must as the preparation is very unique and it's delicious. For side items, any of the greens pair nicely with the chicken parmesan and the fingerling potatoes are pretty tasty. Our server, whose name I forgot was amazing. He was attentive and personable without being overbearing. I never have room for dessert but I'm sure they're all good.
#REVIEW#We love the Quality restaurants and tonight was no exception. We had amazing service and fantastic food. The wine list is very nice and we all enjoyed our selections of reds and whites. We had the incredible Chicken Parmesan served with various house toppings. The chicken was out of this world good and served pizza-style. It was shaped like a pizza and served on a pizza plate so it looked like a pizza but was tender, moist pieces of chicken. We also enjoyed the manicotti and the Caesar salad. For dessert, and this is one of the best desserts I've had in a long time, we shared the strawberry good humor sorbet. I can't wait to bring all my friends here.
#REVIEW#As soon as you walk up the stairs into the restaurant area, the ambiance is beautiful. This place is perfect for a date night, family dinner, or grabbing drinks and dinner with a couple of friends. They have a bar area to the right when you walk in that was decent sized if you were waiting for a table. I made a reservation for 2 at 5:45 at 5:15 on OpenTable on a Friday night. There seemed to be plenty of reservations throughout the night available still. It was quiet when we arrived but was starting to fill up around 7 when we left. The bread that they give you at the beginning of the meal was warm and doughy, perfect start to the meal. We ordered the House-made Battenkill Ricotta ($17) for an appetizer, which came with three pieces of focaccia bread. The Ricotta was terrific; I recommend asking for extra focaccia when ordering this dish. What we came here for the Chicken Parm Pizza ($68) and we were not disappointed. I would say it could serve about 4 people. It came with a side of arugula salad with parmesan cheese and toppings for the pizza, which were honey infused with chili peppers, chili flakes, olive flakes, and garlic salt. The chicken was perfectly crispy, and the meat to sauce to cheese ratio was perfect. For dessert, we got the Hazelnut Smores ($12). The base of the dessert is cold, and the smores on the top is burnt just enough. The star of this dessert was the Burnt Marshmellow Gelato on the side, which came in a small bowl. I wish I had a bowl of that gelato. The service was great. Would 10/10 come back again to try another menu item.
#REVIEW#I was extremely excited to come to Quality Italian! I had seen all the pictures of their pizza-shaped chicken parm and it looked so good! I knew I had to have it! I went in for dinner at 5:15 on a Thursday .. I didn't have a reservation because I figured i didn't need one since it was a week day, we were only a party of 2, and it was fairly early (the place also had many tables available). Upon walking in the hostess asked us if we had a reservation, when we said no, a man who I'm assuming was one of the managers approached us and said "Well you can have dinner but you gotta be out by 7" First off, I found it a bit rude to even say that in the first place, and the tone he said it in did not help the situation AT ALL.. he was in no way trying to even sugar coat his words, nor did he show that he was the least bit apologetic about saying we were limited to a certain amount of time to dine (Not that I planned on even being there for 2 hours in the first place, but it just seemed so unnecessary of him to say it the way that he did). Anyway.. they sent us upstairs and the hostess on the second floor showed us to our table. Our servers were absolutely AMAZING!! (They definitely deserve 5 stars!) They were super helpful!!!  Checked on us frequently! Always made sure our cups were full and offered us more of their yummy complimentary garlic bread (they actually made us feel like we weren't out of place there, like whoever the guy at the front was did). Moving on to the food ... The complimentary garlic bread was probably the highlight of the night. It was soft, and perfectly garlicky and buttery. It comes with olive oil for dipping but it tastes better as is. We ordered the sausage and pepper garlic toast as an appetizer.   No complaints there! It was also pretty delicious! I really loved the crispy pieces of cheese! As our main entree, we went with their famous chicken Parmesan that looks like a pie of pizza. It comes out with an arugula salad (to top the chicken with) and some hot honey which is pretty tasty. The chicken parm was surprisingly just Ok.In my opinion it was definitely not worth all of the hype that it got on social media. It wasn't horrible.. I'm just saying.. IF I were to return, I wouldn't order it again (but I don't regret having ordered it because I really did want to try it). Wrapping up... I really do feel bad giving this place 2 stars, mainly because the servers were GREAT! But honestly, the man in the front made us feel unwelcome, and that's just unacceptable, ESPECIALLY in the restaurant business. I MIGHT come back (and that's a strong "might") because there were a couple of other options on their menu that I did want to try... but hopefully he can work on the way he relays his messages.. there are better ways to say things that won't offend.
#REVIEW#Stopped by to have dinner with a friend who recommended this restaurant for their tomahawk steaks. I asked her if she wanted to split a tomahawk, to which she immediately replied, "Hell no! Get your own!! I'm not sharing!" LolSo I got my own, which smaller than I'm used to but was still pretty good, cooked to the right temperature. Apparently they also have a popular chicken parm so may have to return to try that
#REVIEW#The sister brought me here for a belated Xmas dinner! We ordered way too much for two people but I love having leftovers :) Atmosphere was fancy, the staff were very friendly and attentive! I really wanted to get that chicken parm pizza but couldn't justify it without a bigger group. The free garlic monkey bread is DOPE. I asked for a second one cuz it was so good. The spicy lobster pasta was just okay... it was very freshly made! But too spicy and a little so vodka-y for me. The ribeye steak was HUGE and so tasty. But the real winners for me were the corn creme brûlée (a must) and the Dover sole with this amazing hazelnut shallot sauce - it was a special that nite but... omg so good.Hazelnut s'more was nice! The actual tart was not that interesting - a little too solid chocolate. But the marshmallow gelato was amazing.
#REVIEW#I had been intending to come to Quality Italian for a very long time and I must say now that I finally made it, it did not disappoint. My initial thought was that our server was funny and could probably sell salt to a slug the way she was pitching the menu. For drinks we started with Jameson and ginger ale and I have to admit the drinks were great. We decided to have the chicken parmigiana pizza as an appetizer although it should probably really be a meal. The chicken parmigiana pizza most definitely lives up to it's infamous reputation of being great. The idea of a chicken parm combined with pizza is nothing short of brilliant! That in itself with the salad that accompanies it can definitely be a full meal for 2-4 people certainly not for just 1 person. We felt like being greedy that evening so after the chicken parm pizza we ordered the Porter House for 2, steak fries and the corn creme brûlée. The steak was delicious, tender with lots of flavor. The fries were freshly cut and the creme brûlée you ask? Phenomenal! I am a huge fan of the dessert creme brûlée so if you enjoy that and you like corn you will definitely love this creamy side dish. Everything was just phenomenal, my next stop will most definitely be Quality Meats around the corner!
#REVIEW#cocktails were great, we loved our steaks both dishes were really tasty, cooked perfect. our waitress was friendly and knowledgable, their ceaser salad was the best we've had. My only complaint it was extremely loud, but it was expected in the layout. would not recommend families with kids, the bathroom was clean and pretty cool looking inside.
#REVIEW#Quality Italian unfortunately did not live up to the hype. The biggest let down was how rushed the service felt. Every few minutes they were interrupting our conversations and rushing us to order, clear our plates with food still on them, etc... all what felt like a very obvious ploy to turn the tables at an extremely fast rate. The food itself was good not great. I found the infamous chicken parm pizza to be a bit tough and not as flavorful as I'd expect. The highlights of the meal were the deserts and the round table we dined at.
#REVIEW#The name says it all! Such a swanky and classy Italian place in the city! My boyfriend and I went here on a Tuesday night for my birthday dinner and food and service was spectacular. Our waiter explained the menu from top to bottom and was very knowledgeable. After looking over our menu I decided to go with the spicy  lobster rigatoni and my boyfriend ordered the Cajun steak. Everyone around us ordered chicken parm pizza ! Which we will definitely come back and try. Very pricey but you're going for the quality and great service.
#REVIEW#3/12 stars for food and a solid 10 starts for service. In my arithmetic that averages out to a "5." We ordered a great bottle of wine and their signature chicken parm, which is the size of a medium pizza and is served the same way. The first round was rubbery and horrible and we only ate the equivalent of half a slice. They graciously offered not to charge us but we said we were happy to pay for a good meal. The second one wasn't as bad but it also wasn't as good as when QI is operating on their "A" game. I thought that perhaps we came too late and the semi-cooked (I believe)  chicken parms had dried out. Or, worse. Perhaps the chicken parms  are cooked and then frozen and spent too much time being defrosted in the ole' MV. I can't guaranty this is factually how their back-stage alchemy is concocted but I've done enough short-cut cooking in my time to recognize a fellow SOC--as Gordon Gekko said in part deux--"a fisherman sees another fisherman from afar."   In addition to the re-do, they also brought us a complimentary order of another one of their signature dish: corm creme brullee which hit the spot. And by the spot I mean all the cellulite dimples on my lunar surface looking thighs. QI's corn creme brulee is nothing short of gastronomic crystal meth (I would have said crack but I didn't want to date myself).  The CP comes with a heapin' pile of arugula, but I nonetheless ordered the house salad and whatever was the house dressing. Excellent. All the ingredients tasted farm fresh and the dressing was complimentary to the produce--pleasant and not overbearing.  No mostly good meal should be completed sans a digestif.  For a night-cap I ordered their grappa that starts with the letter "Z." They only had four or so grappas on the menu and to my best of my recollection only one grappa started with the letter "Z." Thus if you want to share my experience it will not be too difficult to select from their dinner drinks menu. As the former governator once said: "Ahl bee baak."
#REVIEW#We booked a table on Open Table at Quality Italian for my boyfriend's birthday. I specifically chose it because he is a HUGE chicken parm fan and I wanted to give their chicken parm pizza a try. When I told him the name of the restaurant, he was pretty skeptical, but the name does not do the restaurant justice. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and discovered Quality Italian is not just like every other Italian restaurant in the city. It is much nicer than we expected and seems as though it would be an ideal place to dine for a business dinner or semi-formal occasion. The garlic bread that they start your table off with is so good! We had the ricotta cheese to start (has pine nuts and honey on it so avoid if you have a nut allergy) which was pretty good but I have had better at other restaurants. They give you three pieces of toasted bread with it but you definitely need to ask for more with how much ricotta they provide. For dinner, we had their famous chicken parm pizza and it was delicious! Have I had better chicken parm elsewhere? Yes, but if you come here, it is a must to order it. I was going to get a spaghetti dish to go with it on the side but I am so glad we didn't because we each only had one slice of the pizza and were stuffed to the brim. The arugula salad that comes with the chicken parm and goes on top (or on the side if you are me) was a pleasant surprise.Our friendly waiter gave us a complimentary cannoli at the end of our meal which was a very nice touch. I was surprised that he noticed it was a special occasion just from the Open Table reservation. All in all, Quality Italian is definitely a must to come to!
#REVIEW#I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. Initially I was not sure what to expect and felt unsure on what to even order but man oh man I am so glad that I discovered this restaurant. I went with my boyfriend and cousins and we were absolutely blown away by how delicious everything was and the overall vibes of the restaurant.First off, the restaurant is huge and was very packed which is completely understandable for a Friday night in the city but thankfully we had a reservation and were seated right away. (Please make sure to make a reservation in advanced!!)For appetizers we got the fried calamari and the sausage and pepper garlic toast - WHEW. that sausage and pepper toast brought tears to my eyes, it was SO good. i'm immediately going back to the restaurant the next chance I get just from that amazing-ness alone. the calamari was great as well but next time i'd prefer double S&P toast! My boyfriend and cousin also shared some raw oysters that they enjoyed and recommend as well.For entrees, my boyfriend and i shared the Chicken Parm "Pizza" for 2 where the entire crust was the chicken pounded flat with tomato sauce and cheese on top. Very very great! So cool and glad we got it. It was served with an arugula salad and a bunch of tasty toppings for the "pizza" Our cousins ordered pasta dishes, one was with lamb, i think the garganelli and the other I can't remember (I think it was on special) but I know they enjoyed the lamb pasta a lot. We were so stuffed from dinner that we didn't even bother with dessert. The restaurant cleared out pretty fast and our belly's were full. Service was great and attentive, restaurant was clean and bathrooms were clean and fresh. QI, you will see us again very soon!
#REVIEW#Food was delicious as always. Our table of 4 ordered the bone in sirloin, lobster pasta, another yummy steak(I forgot which one but it wasn't bone in and the price point was sixty-something dollars), and then broccoli rabe, corn brûlée, mushrooms, and one more side.Everything was delicious. Standouts were he lobster pasta (my fav!), which I cannot come here and refrain from ordering. It is prepared tableside and has a bit of a spicy kick to it. It's flavorful and who can say no to lobster??I also really liked the side of mushrooms. It was well balanced and not too salty or overpowering. Really tasty. Of course the gratis bread the bring out is on a little skillet and delicious as well-- I'm a fan of the consistency and the warm little bites of carbs/butter. Yum. I always have to hold myself back from getting full on the bread when it's tasty.Service was good, except we were completely led astray by the server to order a wine that we hated. Not a single person liked it and it was sad because we were celebrating and asked for a really full bodied earthy wine that wasn't too spicy and ended up with the hawkes butte which was nothing like what we expected and didn't really pair well with the food we ordered. I had originally asked about the Quality house wine because I wasn't sure about the body, due to it being a blend, and was offered a taste. Tried it and felt like it wasn't big/bold enough so we asked for something different. Hawkes butte is a wine by the bottle so our server told us we couldn't have a taste but it was sure to be bolder and meet our hopes for a tasty wine with our steaks/lobster. Not so. We thought about doing dessert but got sad about the wine so we decided to go elsewhere for dessert/drinks.Overall, the food was great and service was attentive.  But we were celebrating and the wine was bad. And we were led to order a wine we hated at a higher price point. We were also not asked if we liked it. When we first opened it, my friend tasted it and we decided we would wait to see if the wine opened up and changed a bit. Womp womp. It did change but it didn't get any better. Everyone's glasses were still nearly full towards the end of our meal and we all pretty much just gulped it down at the end. I think we may have even not finished the bottle...? Blasphemous, I know.Anyhow, I'd probably return (need that lobster fix) but I don't know if I'd come back with friends or to celebrate because of this unfortunate incident. Definitely recommend the food and wish I'd just ordered 2 or 3 lobster entrees instead! This experience was 2.5-3 stars
#REVIEW#Go for a fancy dinner by Central Park!Definitely order the chicken Parm pizza- it's one of a kind and unique to the restaurant.This place has a grand wine selection. All of the appetizers are on trend and the service is excellent. Definitely don't leave without an order of chicken parm pizza though.
#REVIEW#I've seen a million raving reviews about this place, but if you're a vegetarian or have any dietary restrictions, this probably isn't the place for you.I would DEFINITELY give it 5 stars for ambience & decor. If you wanna feel boujee for a night, come here hehe!But the main problems were, our waiter wasn't super attentive. He came over like 15 minutes after we sat down, took long times to come over, barely checked on us, & we asked for bread like 3 times & he said he would bring it but never did so we asked someone else. He was a nice guy & I'm sure he was extremely busy (because it was busy) but if I'm paying top dollar I'm expecting nothing but the best service.Another reason I'm not giving it an amazing review is because my gnocchi was tiny, didn't have any meat or really anything special, & it was $29. I was still pretty hungry after my meal so I got the Humour Me ice cream. That was really good.Would I come back? Probably not - unless one of my friends REALLY wanted to. My friends did get the famous chicken parm pizza and they loved it.
#REVIEW#Okay this is my fav go too for Brussel Sprouts, Cream Corn Brulee and cocktails with the threats to do dinner. I finally followed through with my threat, and there was no disappointment with the quality I've come to expect of this eatery.And I finally partook of the indulgence that is a meat pizza....... it was everything of the decadence I thought it would be. Uber delish and only to be done from time to time.Cocktails as always were above board.
