#NAME#Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/chefs-table-at-brooklyn-fare-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Favorite restaurant ever! Hands down! So worth $$$$Our favorite dish of course was the uni on brioche. I can easily eat 10 of that in one breath. The langoustine with fingerlime was the most tender piece of anything I've ever had. So sweet, simple, succulent. Drooling as I type. We've been here twice and each time we are floored by how amazing everything is. Each dish is simple, luxurious, allowing the main ingredient to shine without distraction. We will be moving back to Cali and the only thing I'll miss about the east coast is chefs table. Thank you chef!
#REVIEW#Sometimes, high end tasting menus can be a bit predictable.  It's usually a combination of French technique with super high end ingredients, notably ingredients sourced from Japan .  In a lot of ways, these cuisines were meant to be paired together; when you combine the cuisine of cultures with the propensity to go above and beyond, you assume that you're left with a product that is at the top of its class.But, at the heart of it, it still has to come together.  I think people assume that the introduction of truffle (this is a rabbit hole that needs greater discussion) as well as caviar automatically elevates food to a point that needs no true refinement.  It's really not that simple.  Anyone can buy a tin of caviar.  But not just anyone can combine these high end ingredients into an amalgamation that makes sense.  Chef's Table just makes a lot of sense.I was left speechless at multiple occasions.  I think everyone strives to find those few times where you sit back for a few seconds, close your eyes, and really ponder what you've just experienced.  It doesn't even have to be food related.  It can be literally anything. An inside out forehand from Roger Federer.  A perfectly executed harmonic from Tommy Emmanuel.  These are things that are just impossible to comprehend.The uni toast was sublime.  The langoustine was cooked to a level beyond perfection.  The A5 wagyu, as one would expect from an ingredient of this fidelity, was show stopping.  The frozen popcorn souffle was truly an experience.  And if you opt for the wine pairing, you're left with something that elevates each dish to an ever greater level.  This is truly one of the best wine pairings I've had the pleasure to consume, with each sip furthering the flavors of each dish.  The pairing with the popcorn souffle really made it seem as if the wine blended together as to continue the experience.  I've never really had that in a tasting menu before.It's impossible to talk about Chef's Table without quickly mentioning value.  And true, the bill is not for the faint of heart.  I'm not here to talk about whether the establishment is truly worth your heard earned dollars, but I think it bears mentioning that giving the option of receiving a check worth the value of the meal in exchange for my experience, I would easily hand the check back.  Don't go alone, and go with someone who will appreciate it.  You won't regret it.
#REVIEW#I spent my birthday at chef's Table this month and it was a fabulous experience. I love almost all the dishes! The first 2 fish pieces are incredible, tuna and uni. I am not a tuna person since I feel tuna has a strong smell and taste comparing to other fishes. But this piece has it well balanced. It came with several different ingredients and properly balanced with flavor and food texture. Nothing specifically new but in a great fresh feeling harmony. That's what I feel for the entire menu. And the uni is the best uni I have ever had. It's creamy and fresh and the black truffle just add the magic to it. The other dish I want to specifically mention was the dessert - the chocolate ice sorbet but in the cupcake shape. It's light and fresh after a long tasting menu. It's again well balanced for sweetness.
#REVIEW#tl;drSeafood-heavy elegant tasting menu. Low on gimmicks, but entirely satisfying. I think it's better than Le Bernardin, and on par with EMP.----At the time of this review, I have been to 3 three-stars in NYC as well as 4 two-stars in NYC -- Brooklyn Fare was a wonderful surprise.(for reference, our dinner was late March 2019)RESERVATIONS:I'm not sure if it's the move to Manhattan with more seats, but getting a reservation was not a big deal at all. You do have to call the reservation line on Monday morning to guarantee the best availability for the seats, but if you call when they open, you should get straight through to the receptionist. They book exactly 6 weeks in advance, and most likely you will be booking for the week that just opened, but they do have some sporadic spots in the intervening weeks, so plan ahead! I'm not sure why they haven't adopted Tock like all the other fine-dining restaurants, but I was happy that the reservation system was less of a headache than I expected.They will confirm with you immediately via email, and then again a week before the dinner. They will charge your credit card a week in advance.GETTING THERE:Not much to say, it's in the northeastern back corner of the Brooklyn Fare supermarket (go in, it will be the innermost corner on the right side -- the grocery store worker who showed us the way was pretty amused -- I wonder how many times he has to point people dressed in jackets and suits to the back corner every night). Be on time! We showed up on the dot and almost everyone during our seating was already there. They say on the reservation that you might miss dishes if you show up late, but we were next to a couple who showed up about 20 minutes late and they simply caught them up by presenting them with multiple dishes at a time so they ended up not actually missing anything.MENU:I knew that they were seafood-centric before the visit, but I was pleasantly surprised at how well the fish was executed in each dish. Over the course of the meal, you will taste various different varieties of fish -- all sushi-grade -- prepared in various ways (but predominantly grilled over their charcoal fire). One mini qualm I have with sushi restaurants is that no matter how good the fish, sushi omakases are still limited in preparation techniques -- essentially, everything is just raw or seared. However, each fish grilled to perfection at BF, something that I consider to be more exciting than served as nigiri in an omakase.The king crab with caviar served in a vin jaune sauce was one of the most memorable dishes that I have ever tasted.The beginning uni/truffle/brioche course, although photogenic and emblematic of BF, was a bit underwhelming, probably because it is actually relatively simple to put together, even though the ingredients themselves are decadent.Overall, I did enjoy BF more than Le B, mainly because I found them to be more inventive and creative compared to the more classical preparations at the latter establishment. Even though dining here costs a pretty penny, the sheer amount of seafood done well I feel makes up for it. The menu could be a tad bit longer for the cost though, and I actually found it quite curious that there were no carbs during the entire meal (no bread, no noodles, just a bit of risotto).BEVERAGES:Did their wine pairing (includes sake), like probably 80% of everyone else. Interestingly, they don't have a cocktail menu. The pairing was decent -- heavy on whites (although to be expected). Loved a late-harvest dry riesling from Germany and a surprisingly pleasant strawberry sake for the dessert course. $195 for a pairing. SERVICE:Attentive, but not outstanding. No gift bag like most 3-star establishments. You'll get your dinner menu in an envelope sealed in wax when you leave. Although the reservation states that jackets are required, they seem to be pretty lax about what you wear under the jacket itself. I saw everywhere from guys in full suits to people simply wearing a blazer over a T-shirt...so basically, you don't need to fret too much about their dress code :)
#REVIEW#I've had my fair share of expensive nice meals in this city (9 years now!). Some have been great, others leave you wanting or wondering if it was worth the price tag - this though, by far was my favorite of them all and exceeded expectations (which by the way, were high because my best friend had given a pretty glowing review). The food. Just wow. I don't care for cooked fish (prefer to eat that protein raw haha), but I enjoyed every piece served. Of the four dishes we had with cooked fish, our favorite was the wild sea bass with caviar (covered in some delicious buttery cream). We also both liked the cod, though the highlight for us on that one was actually more the rice underneath it vs the cod. Separately, moving away from fish, the langoustine was also pretty tasty (liked how they separated the meat from the claw vs tail - different textures, but both in some delicious lemony cream sauce). By far my favorite of the seafood based dishes though, was the uni from Hokkaido. You get a generous serving on top of a round platform of toasted brioche, with a bit of black truffle. You know how after some sushi omakases, they'll ask if you wanted to order any additional separate pieces? I wish there was that option here. I was so full after the meal, but I would have ordered AT LEAST one more of that uni. At least. I also know I'm definitely coming back, mostly for that dish. Maybe when my parents are in town, or for my birthday this fall...Finally, despite being a seafood focused meal, they also served 1 course each of quail and wagyu. The quail was tasty, but the wagyu was the winner. Just can't beat a perfect cut of red meat sometimes (FYI, it's on the fattier side- but not overwhelming since you just have that one slice). The boyfriend wanted it saltier but I thought it was awesome the way it was. Our meal including 13 courses, of which 3 were dessert items. The desserts as others have alluded to are less exciting but nonetheless enjoyable. Candidly, I was pretty full by that time, so the lightness of the three dessert items were a great way to end the meal comfortably (all were cold items for us - a melon and chopped ice palate cleanser, the strawberries in syrup with accompanying sorbet/whip cream, and the shaved ice soufflé of sorts). Strawberries were the best fosho (classic flavors - can't not like), though the shaved ice was fun/unique. Lastly, I know there's been some controversy around Chef Ramirez - at least historically. We personally did not have any issues nor did we observe any racism/unfair treatment of any party while we were there. His staff was actually pretty diverse, and all personnel we interacted with were gracious. PSA- asked if I could take photos and they said as many as you'd like! Just no videos (and girl next to me totally took videos and no one gave her crap).
#REVIEW#I could write a long review ... talk about all dishes ... but others have done it better than me ...So I will just remember the first dish: Japanese Sea Urchin from Hokkaido with truffle.One of the best thing I was lucky enough to taste.Close your eyes when you see the bill. It is absolutely too expensive.
#REVIEW#Amazing Food Its superb service and also the quiet professionalism of the chef's team are amazing Everyone seems to be atune to the mechanism of the line process Its amazing to watch The ambiance is nice The wine collection is superb All makes into a good fine dinner experience
#REVIEW#A truly memorable dining experience, simultaneously transcendent and grounded. Rooted in Japanese influence yet executed with contemporary flair, the menu at Chef's Table came in parts:First, a series of show-stopping seafood courses, from brioche piled high with Hokkaido uni and blackest truffle slice you'll ever see to a generous serving of melt-in-your-mouth langoustine with picked kelp and kinome leaf. Highlighting a majority of the fish courses (including Kinmedai and Sawara) were the unbelievable sauces, the source of most of the meal's gusto, concocted with less-than-subtle ingredients such as dill and ginger with flavor not unlike a fireworks display made liquid form.Two savory courses followed--a perfect preparation of French quail that completely eclipsed a similar offering from E.M.P., and a surprisingly large portion of A5 Wagyu cooked sous vide to pinpoint precision. By the end I was the only diner left standing, and since the restaurant doesn't allow take-home potions, I was basically force feeding myself everyone else's food at that point.I was almost ready to throw in the towel when our dessert courses came, mercilessly light--a kaffir lime sorbet, and a frozen vanilla souffle which perplexed and satisfied my taste buds from first bite to last.In the spirit of true Japanese cuisine, the meal at CT/BF was able to spotlight the essence of each ingredient in beautiful ways, focusing on freshness and the painstakingly refined combination of stark flavor. This was made particularly clear by one of the stand-out dishes of the evening, a small tower of foie gras, scallop, and crisped kelp. I don't particularly care for those ingredients individually, yet when combined the union of taste and texture was almost overwhelming.If it were up to me, I would probably ease up on the amount of food and take a load off of everyone's wallets--but it isn't up to me, and reservations are nigh-impossible to come by, so whatever they're doing is clearly working. One of the hallmark meals New York has to offer.
#REVIEW#I wasn't sure I was in​ the right place initially. Walking into a small supermarket fully dressed up for an elegant dinner felt odd, to be honest. I finally exhaled when I spotted the host stand hidden towards the back. From beginning to end, dinner was everything I hoped it would be and more.The set up is based around one large, three-sided counter where guests look directly into the kitchen. The barstools are spacious and comfortable. Behind them, on the main floor, several booths and tables are available for additional seating. I'm always fascinated by the discipline and flawless kitchen dance when preparing for service. The staff at CTBF nailed it. We dined off a set menu and enjoyed every single course. I'm still longing for the Hamachi Tartlet, the Hokkaido Sea Urchin, and Langoustine + Ravioli. Small modifications were happily honored for a friend in our party. Service was friendly and, basically, IMPECCABLE. I know in the past photos were not allowed, but this was not an issue here at all. Even the playlist rocked! I hope to visit once again in the near future!
#REVIEW#What can you say about a Michelin *** star restaurant that others have not said before?Pros-food really is amazing, excellent tasting menu, focus is on the food and menu.Cons-the sommelier was a bit rough and the single unisex bathroom outside the restaurant in the grocery store.This is certainly one of the best meals I have eaten.  The food is meticulously prepared with an incredible taste.  The presentation is excellent and the service is professional. Though excellent, a lot of dining has to be in the moment.  The minor cons, which are permissible when there are lower expectations, become a sticking point at a 3 star Michelin.  For this reason it received only a 4/5.Food is really amazing but dining is an individual experience and though wow'ed by many details wasn't blown away by the whole experience.
#REVIEW#Really enjoyed my trip to chef's table and I think it is deserving of all of the hype. As a tip - the restaurant is at the back of a little market (you'll see a hostess stand). They're pretty strict on dinner timings, so be aware of that.We had a little trouble getting a reservation, but were lucky to get a spot after trying for weeks. The tasting menu is really great - my favorites of our 6+ courses were the sea urchin and the fluke. We sat at the bar and it was great to see everyone prepare everything.Overall, amazing (but pricy) experience. If you ever have the chance to go, would recommend.
#REVIEW#Chef's Table used to be located in Brooklyn for seven years until the relocation in December 2016 to the Hell's Kitchen district in midtown Manhattan. Inside this nondescript supermarket, there is a world-class restaurant. The restaurant itself isn't large, with a L shaped stainless-steel counter as a centerpiece. The ambiance is modern and minimal, where everything serves a purpose.Shortly after seating, Chef Ramirez emerged from the kitchen and greeted every table "Welcome, Good Evening". He definitely errs more on the serious side, but still friendly. A man of little words, but his dishes speak volumes. Regarding the "no photo" rule, they lessened the rigidity of this concept, and you can take photos sitting at the table but not at the counter. Discretely, I was told. This was happy news for me, as I could not imagine not having memories of one of the best meals of my life.The tasting menu started off on a strong note with an amazing bluefin tuna tart. We were advised to eat this in one bite asap before the pastry goes soggy. The fatty tuna shined like jewels. Seasoned simply with ginger and yuzu, the flavours were clean and elegant. It also had incredible visual appeal, almost resembling a flower.Upon tasting the next amuse bouche, it was a unanimous decision among my family that this is the most memorable dish of the night! Fresh Hokkaido sea urchin roe on top of brioche, topped with a slice of perigord truffle. Even under the dim lighting, the dish dazzled me with its enticing glossy shine. The sea urchin was sublime, even more plump than the ones I remember from my Hokkaido trip. One bite and I was flooded with a sweet creaminess similar to custard, and a slight crunch from the toasted brioche.Time for a seafood break! I really enjoyed this next dish, as it reminds me of a comfort food my mom used to make when I was younger. Known as chawanmushi, this is essentially a steamed savoury egg custard. However, chef Ramirez used corn purée instead of eggs. On top. charred corn kernels contrasted the silky smooth custard. Finished off with pieces of creamy foie gras and a savoury dashi layer, this further accentuated the sweetness of the dish.Sawara (Spanish mackerel) tasted intense with and a meaty texture. The outer layer is carefully smoked, as mackerel's oils tend to absorb smoke better than leaner fish. The crispy kelp added some texture to the mackerel. Underneath is a small pool of rice vinegar, which accented the mackerel's robust flavour.This was one of my favourites one of the evening; akamutsu (red sea perch) from Chiba. The flesh was rich, and easily flaked apart. The oils from the akamutsu seeped into the Koshikihari rice underneath. There were also bits of sea urchin in the rice.Next dish was another favourite of mine. Wild sea bass from Holland was cooked sous-vide, resulting in an extraordinarily tender piece of fish. A generous spoonful of Kaluga caviar accompanied the bass. These glistening black pearls were nutty with a buttery mouthfeel. To my surprise, it wasn't overly salty like I expected, with an undertone of smokiness. The savoury sabayon was creamy, balanced off with a mysterious tartness I couldn't identify.Abalone from Monterey Bay surprised me. This mollusk is not commonly used in Western kitchens, but it's a highly prized ingredient in Asia. It doesn't have a particular taste, but its unique texture is comparable to a cross between mushroom and calamari. The earthy almost chocolate aroma of the shaved black truffle was intoxicating. I really liked the jus, which tasted strongly of caramelized onions and a sweet wine (ie madera or sherry). This is a successful East meets West fusion creation.The one meat course was a show stopper; A5 Miyazaki Wagyu. Unlike regular beef which comprises of mostly saturated fat, wagyu contains oleic acid, an unsaturated fat responsible for the umami flavour of wagyu. The incredible snowflake marbling was mesmerizing to look at. Cooked to a perfect medium, this melted like butter. The velvety texture lingered on my palate ever so slightly. With a protein like this, the red pepper relish wasn't necessary.Frozen vanilla soufflé is often raved by everyone. It was fluffy and airy, which wasn't surprising as it incorporated liquid nitrogen. The coolness made the soufflé more appealing to eat in the hot summer month. Underneath, there were white chocolate balls which added a pleasant crunch.Even though Chef's Table is a steep expense on the wallet, it's evident that Chef Ramirez spares no cost in sourcing the best world-class ingredients for his customers. The majority of his seafood comes fresh from Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo, flown in daily. Other restaurants would definitely charge an extra charge for luxury items like black truffle, caviar, bluefin tuna etc. One of the best meals I've ever had, and I don't say that lightly.
#REVIEW#Finally got to see what the hype was about.  Overall, was an interesting experience with a number of very good dishes.  Also pretty different from the other Michelin three stars in the city, maybe with a little bit more Brooklyn edginess vs. typical old world charm.Restaurant is small but actually not a very intimate vibe.  Service is generally attentive, but not as stuffy as some of the other three stars.  I will say there was a small fly buzzing around (for a while even...) which was seen and commented on by multiple diners, a bit surprising to me for a restaurant at this price point..The meal starts off more light/Japanese, and ends more heavy/French, is how the waiter explained.  Style of the food is all seafood ex two meat courses.  When I say all seafood I mean mostly fish after fish after fish, with very little veggies to be honest.. I think the only green leaf I ate was some tiny garnish on one of the dishes.  But you will get an umami explosion of a meal, which you won't get from any other western resto (in NYC.. as far as I know.. lmk if you know otherwise!), very dramatic contrast with the European style seafood restaurants in the city like Le Bernardin or Marea.  The dishes also seem more simply prepared, in keeping with the Japanese influence.Onto the food..Really amazing:1) Frozen soufflé was for me best of the night - without too many spoilers, everything went so well together, from the beautiful plate it came in, to the  taste of the powder they sprinkle on, the bits of surprising finds at the bottom of the dish... even the name (which is a clever misdirection because it's not really a real soufflé) for me this was a Michelin three star quality dish, not just executed well but creatively designed and delightful to eat.Very very good dishes:2) Baby red snapper with squid ink rice - the flavor complexity of this dish was impressive.3) Akamutsu with chanterelles - again extremely umami dish with a delicious broth.4) Duck with prosciutto and berries - I demand to only eat duck if it comes with prosciutto from now on... seriously I don't know why other restaurants don't do this!5) Kaffir lime sorbet - very good minty follow up to the richness of the wagyu.6) Shima aji amuse bouche - in tiny tart form, very umami but light and intriguing first course to pique your interest.Also very good:7) Uni bread with black truffle - fluffiness of the bread went very well with the uni.8) Wagyu beef coin - very fatty marbling.  9) Beluga caviar in the sea bass course - very good on its own.... these are only in this section because they are a bit similar to how other high end restaurants work these ingredients.  Still great execution but less creative for me.Did not work for me:9a) Sea bass next to the beluga caviar - was a little bit tough.10) Langoustine - a bit rubbery, did not enjoy.  I think langoustine should be treated like shrimp or lobster - if it will turn out anything but soft and melt in your mouth, probably best to not include at all.  Also it came with a piece of cheese on top that may have made it more chewy than it had to be, while the taste didn't quite go along.11) Turbot - I was not a fan of the heavy sauce that came with it, which felt overwhelming to me and did not go with the fish.The remaining two courses (crab - which looked pretty, and caramel milk ice cream) were not bad but also not extremely memorable.Overall - despite some unevenness with a few dishes I didn't like, the bright spots were very good and it does seem like they take risks. Worth a visit especially if you prefer an umami palate.
#REVIEW#It was OK, but just OK.For some reason I felt like the dishes taste the same. They were served in almost identical sauce. Also it is not a well balanced meal - almost no vegetables. The dessert tasted fine but not a Michelin 3 star standard.Save your money for somewhere else.
#REVIEW#Located inside the Brookyln Fare Market, Chef's Table is a three starred michelin restaurant. It was open kitchen so we could see how food was prepared. Every dish had a unique quality and presentation. But compared with other michelin three star restaurants, I expected a better service.
#REVIEW#3.5 would be more accurate for this review but Yelp doesn't allow that. This is definitely not a ​3 Michelin​ Star caliber restaurant. Before anyone throws any shade - please look at my Michelin Madness​ list, we have been to every 3 Michelin Star restaurant in NYC and multiple 1 and 2 star restaurants. At best, this could be 1 Michelin star. The service was fantastic. The servers are friendly and helpful - even for the most ridiculous requests - looking at you my fellow diner who thought her scallop was not the same quality as her dining partner's and raised a fuss. The space is warm and sophisticated​. The music is top notch (best of the 80's - Hall and Oats, Led Zeplin, Stevie Wonder).We went for the white truffle supplement, so we totally gave this restaurant the benefit of the doubt. We had:- Sea Urchin on a Brioche with white truffles​ - delicious​ but heavy- Trout - very good- Scottish​ Langoustine - delicious, one of our favorite​ types of shellfish- Saba - tasty- Kinmedai - very tasty- Crab - delicious​ but​ very heavy in a cream sauce- Diver Scallop with Truffles - very good- Wild Sea Bass - heavy and fishy- Duck with foie gras - very good but heavy- Wagyu with French black truffles - delicious but heavy, and why black truffles, we paid for white Alba truffles? White truffles and wagyu are a match made in heaven. French black truffles are a delicious albeit​ cheaper alternative.- Truffle Ice Cream with Caramel Sauce - very good but not the best use of the truffles- Frozen Souffle - Tasteless styrofoam - Cream Puff - Inedible - tasted like burnt popcorn- Coconut Birthday Cake - no tasteAs you can see there were a few hits but also quite a few misses. Dessert was a total waste. For a restaurant of this caliber and price tag,​​ there should be no misses. Also, the meal wasn't balanced. Typically tasting menus go from very light to heavy. This went from heavy to super heavy. By the time we got to the duck with Foie Gras and wagyu beef we were stuffed and were hoping that the food would stop coming. In fact,​ we were sympathizing​ with the poor duck who donated his liver for the Foie Gras as we knew how stuffed he must have felt before meeting his maker. FYI - We ate 22+ courses at Masa and didn't feel this stuffed nor did we feel overloaded a Per Se. The white truffles were wasted on the ice cream. There are so many better ways to serve truffles than to put them on a dessert - seriously they should have gone on the wagyu. Replacing one of the many fish courses​ with a pasta course (with truffles) would have been nice.We had a good night, the food was enjoyable and the staff was wonderful. Will we come back? Probably not. Brooklyn has a lot of good, even great restaurants, but it is not Manhattan as far as superior cuisine goes. Brooklyn Fare should have stayed in Brooklyn.
#REVIEW#So. Damn. Good. Great wine list. Great, great, great. Top 5 restaurant in NYC. Period.
#REVIEW#White truffles...........amazing
#REVIEW#After dining here, I jokingly asked my super critical husband how many stars he'd rate Chef's Table.  He replied, "three stars."  I laughed, thinking he wasn't serious, but he was totally serious.  "Three Michelin stars," he said. I feel like I should just end the review here, but if you're reading this, you're probably curious what we ate, otherwise you wouldn't be looking up Chef's Table on Yelp (I know I didn't bother with reviews before eating!).Our meal was quite seafood intensive, and it was glorious.  Every dish was well planned and executed, and you could really savor all of the different ingredients, both individually as well as together as a whole dish.1. Hamachi tartlet -- flavor explosion in my mouth, as I followed the instruction to eat it all in one bite.  It was pretty amazing how there are all these different flavors -- sweet, savory, sour, etc. going on at once, yet the freshness of the hamachi still shines through.2. Hookaido sea urchin -- served over perfectly baked brioche and topped with truffle.  So creamy, so fragrant, so many flavors working together again.3. Kaluga queen caviar -- caviar "swimming" over the freshest tuna, and all complemented with cucumber and more creaminess.4. Sawara -- beautifully presented with yet more edible flowers and the most delicious sauce.  The fish itself was perfectly cooked and very light; did not have any of the fishiness that mackerel typically has (which I normally enjoy, btw, but this fish was so delicate and delicious, I loved it too...even though I wouldn't have guessed it to be mackerel if I didn't know).5. King crab -- more edible flowers and creaminess to highlight the freshness of the seafood.  I'm starting to be very impressed by how all these creamy sauces don't mask the flavor of the seafood at all.6. Chiba Akamutsu -- another perfectly cooked fish, this time served over a risotto-like rice, which had little uni bits mixed in!7. Langoustine -- the best prepared langoustine ever.  And obviously super high quality langoustine -- you could taste the natural sweetness of it.  It was served over what looked just to be foam but was actually a mound of the richest, most buttery cauliflower ever.  But as delicious as the buttery cauliflower was, it was borderline too heavy for me, and I would've been quite happy to just eat that langoustine all on its own.8. Fluke -- served with the sweetest sugar snap peas and sweetest white asparagus I've ever had.  Key takeaway: quality ingredients make such a difference.9. Quail -- grilled and seasoned to perfection.  I was a bit distracted here by the party next to us, as one of them was hesitant to eat this because she has an aversion to eating animals that had been strangled.  Took a lot of discipline for me to not ask for her portion.  I guess she had a lucky friend who got to eat two of these.10. A5 Wagyu -- another perfectly grilled and seasoned dish, and the meaty mushrooms went so well with it.11. Yogurt with fresh, wild Malaga strawberries -- those strawberries were so sweet, and that yogurt was so creamy.  Quite possibly my favorite dessert of the night, and it's not even chocolate.12. Milk ice cream with a lot of nutty crunchies -- simple and delicious, although less memorable.13. Frozen chocolate souffle -- I've never had frozen souffle before, and it was quite a fun thing to try.  The texture is so airy, sort of like meringue but without the hard/crunchy exterior.  Probably the lightest chocolate dessert there ever was, and also the most delicious, chocolatey air you'll ever taste.14. Bonus dessert -- the kitchen sent out an extra dessert for us, as we were celebrating our 5Y anniversary.  It was a sobacha mousse over a thin layer of chocolate cake, all covered by white chocolate...yum.To sum it all up, very high quality ingredients and intricately prepared and presented dishes + immaculate service = amazing experience totally worthy of those 3 Michelin stars.
#REVIEW#Been there 3x love this place, always amaizng! Must try if your in new york! I love their seafood, and the Uni dishes are fantastic!
