#NAME#Trattoria Trecolori
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/trattoria-trecolori-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came here for a birthday and they had great service! I made a reservation and they had to hold my card because if I didn't show up they would charge $150. You are allowed to cancel but you can't just not show up the day of. We got our seats immediately because we had made the reservation. I ordered the spaghetti bolognese. It was so tasty and flavorful! The other items on the menu looked really good too. A lot of different pastas. Super yummy - I would come again
#REVIEW#Great Italian restaurant in the heart of the city. I went in a group of 8 for a friend's birthday. Pros : great food         :great service          :great staff The staff is very friendly and very enthusiastic. 5 on 5 for the staff. Cons: little noisyRecommendations: -Gnocchi-Alfredo-Deserts
#REVIEW#Trattoria Trecolori:Recommendations:1. LINGUINE NERE ALLA MONSIGNORE2. RISOTTO NEROLast time I did not order the right pasta. The squid ink pasta and risotto are delicious.
#REVIEW#The first thing I noticed when entering this Italian place was how friendly the staff was and how they made customers feel at home especially our waiter (didnt get his name but he was the only waiter who looked older than other waiters). I loved how as soon as we sat down he asked "...or would you prefer some good 'ol NY tap water?" The restaurant was quite busy and it only became more packed as time passed. Luckily we didn't require reservations but highly it's highly recommended. Atmosphere was somewhat lively but not my kind of ambience - at least I didn't have to yell throughout the night for the other person to hear me. Price was reasonable although it wouldn't hurt to bring down the cost of the drinks.Now for the meals and dessert:- Calamari: needed to be fried a bit more but it was still delicious especially the sauce. It also had fried zucchini which was interesting - Linguine alla vongole: clams were fresh and sauce was just right - Tortellini alla panna: substituted the ham with mushroom. Did not enjoy this bc it was creamy and I failed to realize this when I placed the order. Although I didn't like it, others may feel differently. - Tiramisu: now THIS was delicious. I could've had three more. Probably one of the best tiramisu I've had.
#REVIEW#This is in theatre district and has lots of guests passing through. Went with friends from out of state. Had a reservation (A must) and arrived a little early. Sat at bar first and had a cocktailOrdered 2 Antipasto Trecolori as appetizers which was very good and satisfying for our party of 6. Great bread on table as well. We saw a huge bowl of olives on bar and when we asked our server who was very efficient, polite, knowledgeable and accommodating he brought us over a bowl for our table! Nice! Some of the meals we tried were with were the gnocchi,  gluten-free pasta with vodka sauce and the veal with arugula and tomato salad. One person in our party asked to have a bowl of pasta with olive oil garlic and broccoli-not on the menu - and they happily prepared it.Ordered the tiramisu for dessert as waiter told me best dessert on menu but was disappointed! Not bad just ok.Food was very good. Series's excellent. Very nice decor. Did not rush us at all. I feel in a NYC with so many restaurants you need to be great!
#REVIEW#Since many other Italian places were closed between lunch and dinner times, and we were trying to eat around 3 PM, we decided to give this place a try. I thought it might have been a tourist trap since this is near Times Square, but I was pleasantly surprised! Even my boyfriend, who is a native New Yorker, really enjoyed this place.We ordered the Linguine Nere Alla Monsignore ($27), which is homemade black squid ink linguini with shrimp, scallops, squid, clams, and mussels in marinara. -It was a large portion and there was plenty of seafood and sauce. It had great flavor and it's a must-try for any seafood and pasta lovers.  All of the seafood was perfectly tender, and nothing too chewy. The squid ink pasta was wonderful too. I thought everything worked really well together.We also ordered the Gamberoni Dello Chef ($26), Jumbo Shrimp in savory wine sauce and risotto.  -This was a huge portion as well and the shrimp were huge. I really liked the flavor of the risotto, and it was not a super creamy risotto. Everything was delicious. It was a touch on the salty side, but not insanely salty. I would definitely recommend both dishes, but maybe the Squid Ink Pasta more since there was more variety in the dish and seemed like more of a signature dish. Both were super flavorful though. Only thing that was meh to me was the bread. It was kind of hard and didn't seem super fresh or high quality. Just like plain white bread you can get from the market. That was a bit disappointing since many Italian restaurants have freshly baked bread. The server we got wasn't the best either. He wasn't very friendly and acted kind of uptight. We also asked for pasta/risotto recommendations and instead of giving us a couple choices, he only picked out the 2 most expensive pasta/risotto dishes. Which is fine, they were great, but it seemed kind of weird to us that he was insistent we get those dishes. And when we got the check, there was an 18% tip already included. It definitely made sense he pushed the priciest dishes on us. So keep in mind that there's an included 18% tip already. Restrooms were decent and were downstairs in the basement. Go down the stairs on the left side when you enter the restaurant. Service and bread were the reasons why I couldn't give it 5 stars, but the food is definitely really good here!
#REVIEW#Bread service - 3/5. One variety of bread but very satisfying with olives, olive oil, and balsamic.Wine selection - 4/5. We didn't partake, but it looked good.Appetizers:Caprese - 5/5. First highlight of the meal. Served with mint, berries, balsamic. Original, essential, and satisfying.Frutti de mare - 5/5. Not at all greasy. Crunchy, briny, delicious sauce.Pasta:Tortellini - 4/5. A bit over-seasoned, otherwise perfect.Risotto:Risotto Mare e Terra - 5/5. Second highlight of the meal. Epitome of risotto. Rich, aromatic, not overbearing.Dessert:Cheesecake, tiramisu - 2/5. Underwhelming. Not bad, but both the appetizers and main course had exceptional highlights, and the cheesecake and tiramisu had nothing special.
#REVIEW#I took a friend out for dinner last night to celebrate his birthday. He loves Italian food, so I'm always on the hunt for the perfect one. We came upon Trattoria after a Yelp search when my original choice failed to meet my high standards. First off, it's a very pretty space. And, the hostess really sealed the deal with her engaging and effervescent personality. There's nothing like that welcoming feeling from a restaurant you are just walking into for the first time. More NYC restaurants could take a lesson here. She's a rarity. We sat at a lovely table in the back. Now, neither of us drink. Too often that gets a shunning response from waiters in restaurants that are frequented by wine drinkers. But, not here. That always scores well with me too. We started with the fried calamari for him and a Caesar salad for me. Sorry, my nephew's getting married Saturday so I'm not eating carbs. Normally this dish is served as a fried medley of calamari and shrimp garnished with fried zucchini and peppers served with marinara. But he only wanted the calamari and they easily adjusted without a problem. My friend was very satisfied. And he's sometimes a picky eater. My salad was a classic "Caesare" with shaved parmesano and garlic-rosemary croutons. Delish!One of my friend's requests was that the restaurant I chose have really good Italian bread. We all have our thing. Mine is oysters. This is where they fell short. The two pieces I tried to nibble were rock hard. Not even edible. And he was disappointed that it had sesame seeds and looked and tasted like cheap store bought bread. Artisan this was not. Given the caliber of their food and service, this should have been better. For our main entree I had the beef carpaccio. Thinly sliced raw filet mignon, arugula, roasted peppers, capers and shaved parmesano. Again, a winner. Delish. Emil has the Spaghetti ala Carbonara: Pancetta, fresh herbs, and onions "en brodo" with a touch of cream. And he added chicken to the dish. He liked it, but thought it was a bit over salted. I requested a piece of their homemade ricotta cheesecake and a candle to end the dinner with a happy birthday. What I wasn't expecting and was pleasantly surprised by was the gaggle of waiters who gathered around us to sing him happy birthday as the rest of the dining room joined in. That last bit was the cherry on the cake of the day. As for the service is was top notch. From the back waiters to the main servers, the service was friendly, attentive and professional. It kind of flawless.The only thing I'd suggest is updating their site with a current menu. I originally looked at this place and almost didn't choose it because of the outdated one.
#REVIEW#This place has legit pasta. I was really craving some pasta one night and this was the closest spot to my hotel. I was pretty skeptical since it was so close to Times Square, so I thought it would be a tourist trap and charge a lot for mediocre pasta. Luckily, this wasn't the case. The pasta here is cooked perfectly Al Dente and the flavors in their sauces perfectly back it up. I was really craving some spicy spaghetti in a tomato sauce, but I didn't see that specifically on their menu. They did have the Penne Arrabbiata, which has the sauce that i wanted and they were happy to change out the Penne for Spaghetti instead. The sauce was really good; classic tomato sauce with fresh basil and a nice kick from the red peppers. I also ordered their Ravioli Del Giorno which is their ravioli of the day. It was a meat sauce when I ordered it. They give you 5 big pieces of ravioli and the three-cheese filling was good. I haven't tried many other Italian restaurants in New York, but this place is solid and their wines aren't too on the expensive side either.
#REVIEW#When you arrive here around 6pm, it's going to be tough (not as tough as Carmines that will make you wait for 1:45mins if you don't have any reservations) in this place you can still walk in and find a table.The place is very cosy and servers are very nice.We started with antipasti then of course pasta and lastly Tiramisu!The only thing I can say you need to be careful is the bill, when the waiter said - you just need to sign on it. We got curious and check for why, from the bill they have already added a "Gratuity" of 18%. Then there's a big line for TIP and TOTAL. So if you are not careful enough and you put another 18% of tip, you just give them 36% of tip!! Only that note otherwise every single course we had was amazing!
#REVIEW#Solid Italian food!For appetizers, the Trecolori had a great variety of fruits, cheeses, and meats, while the Fritto Misto had a great variety of fried seafoods and zucchini/peppers. The taste was decent for both of them. There is also bread available.The Linguine Nere Alla Monsignore was delicious. It was a large portion, well cooked squid ink noodles, a collection of seafoods, all in a rich marinara sauce. There's a bit of shell crumbs in the dish, but that is to be expected from the clams and mussels. But overall, the dish was remarkably flavorful and encapsulated a wonderful seafood experience.They have special dishes of the day, so do ask them about that!Service was excellent, as our waiter was charismatic and engaging.
#REVIEW#Trattoria Trecolori is probably a touristy restaurant but then anything near Times Square is probably a tourist trap. With that being said though, Trattoria Trecolori was pretty decent. We had a broadway show nearby so this was a great place to eat before the show. Make reservations ahead of time to save yourself some time and trouble.So it's Italian food, so expect Italian stuff. Pasta, risotto, veal, and the like. It's hefty and pretty filling so you won't need to worry about leaving hungry. I'm a sucker for seafood anything so I got the risotto mare e terra which had a generous portion of seafood and calamari. Everything about the risotto was pretty heavy so I couldn't even finish it as good as it was. So aside from good food and nice ambiance, the location is convenient for all your Times Square needs. It's a little pricier here though when is Italian not pricey?
#REVIEW#I'm a fan of their restaurant for many reasons. In New York, we had to stay around time square for time crunch and other purposes. In Time Square, most restaurants are usually not my favorites. Very touristy, not very good and very expensive. I would have to say however that trattoria trecolori definitely if in the time square a great place to stop by. A high class italian restaurant with honest pretty good prices, great food and delicious wine ! Customer service was excellent and  If having to stay in time square, i do recommend stopping here !
#REVIEW#My friends and I came to Trattoria Trecolori at 7pm on a Tuesday.  I made a reservation via Yelp and would recommend doing so if you're going around a peak time.  When we left around 8:30pm, the restaurant had really slowed down.  The ambiance here is classy and has more of an upscale vibe.  However, it can get loud but it was never to the point where I couldn't hear my friends so I didn't mind.Two of us ordered the gnocchi alla baba ($19) and my other friend ordered the rigatoni alla trecolori ($19).  For a small portion of pasta that isn't anything super crazy, I do think it's a bit overpriced.  However, it matches up with the location and ambiance.  The food is also delicious, so I wouldn't mind treating myself here once in a while.  The gnocchi is silky and chewy, and makes a great combination with the sauce, cheese, and eggplant.  Service here is outstanding.  The staff here is so respectful and really makes you feel at home.  There are constant check-ins and you never have to ask for your water to be refilled.  The combination of exceptional service, nice ambiance, and tasty food makes Trattoria Trecolori a favorite!
#REVIEW#I shouldn't be surprised that my experience here was SO good. Our last night in New York and mom wanted Italian food, we had reservations at one of the well known/popular spots but due to our experiences, opted for something a little closer to our hotel. Trattoria popped up and the # of reviews and stars swayed me.Popped in and they were busy, thankfully I had a reservation. From the moment we sat down, our experience was stellar. Our server, an older gentleman was super funny, personable and just overall pleasant. He joked around with us and really gave off this positive vibe. When my mom ordered the Brooklynn lager, he literally did a small sideways fist pump ha! Food was stellar, one of the best basic pastas I've had in a long time. I got the penne arrabiatta (tomato, basil, roasted garlic and spicy red pepper); flavors were spot on, chunks of fresh tomato, a nice mellow kick, chunks of garlic. The parmesan and black pepper really elevated it. Mom got the linguine alla vongole (clams and cockles sautéed in white wine, garlic, and extra virgin olive oil); definitely a lighter, but still flavorful and fresh dish. Also good.
#REVIEW#First time here for a Pre Matinee lunch with a friend.Started with a Campari and Soda. Carpaccio Appetizer for me and Caprese for my friend. Both were very good. I had Veal Martini and my friend had the Sea Bass with Seafood in a delicious red sauce.Service was great. We were quite happy and highly recommend to all.
#REVIEW#I initially had chosen this restaurant for the food but I'd say the 5 star rating is predominantly owed to the staff. While the food was unbelievable, it was without a doubt the customer service that blew me away. I've tried countless Italian restaurants and never in my life have had the pleasure of having such attentive wait staff and helpful servers. From the moment I stepped into the restaurant I could feel the warmth radiating off of each person working here. Fast forward to ordering and my server was ALWAYS on it. Other servers came by delivering bread, re-filling water glasses, and removing plates as soon as they were emptied. Moreover, my server constantly came by with enthusiasm in collecting drink requests, app orders, discussing food recommendations, and just engaging in light but welcome conversation. Now as for the food it too was of an impressively high quality. I really enjoyed the caprese salad as it was just delightful. The mozzarella was fabulous; rich and creamy and greatly elevated with the use of fresh basil and perfectly ripened tomatoes. For an entree I figured I'd give the Chicken Parm a try as it is one of my favorite Italian staples. Again, another menu choice you cannot go wrong with. The portion size was great as it wasn't just one overwhelming heap of pasta with an absurdly large piece of chicken thrown in sauce covered in cheese. Instead I was presented with a beautifully portioned and appropriate serving of pasta alongside an unbelievable chicken cutlet with a sweet sauce covered in delicious parmesan. Days later and I'm still thinking about how wonderful this experience was to the point that I can't wait to plan a return trip to New York just to go back.
#REVIEW#Though I like Italian food very much, it's not my first choice in restaurants only because I enjoy many different ethnic cuisines.  But we have many friends who would only eat Italian, so we save these places for when those friends are with us.  The other night was one such occasion.We chose Trecolori for its proximity and reasonable prices (rare in the theater district) and we plan to go again, because everything was wonderful.We'd had snacks and drinks in the late afternoon, so we ordered only entrees, and despite that, the host and servers were gracious.  And those entrees were very very good!  My chicken picante had a balanced heat, a bite but not a sting.  I especially appreciate that it's served with vegetables - fresh and crisp, not soggy from oil as in some places - rather than pasta.  My husband had the monkfish special (over pasta) which he said was very good.  Our friends had a veal dish, and a different chicken dish, both w veggies also.  There were other items on the menu that I want to try when I go in hungrier than I was on this visit!Everyone enjoyed the meal, and the noise level was conducive to conversation on a surprisingly busy Monday evening.
#REVIEW#I was hesitant whether or not to try here because it is so close to Times Square... But I made the right decision to come in! This Italian place is kind of hidden on the side of Times Square on 47th street. There weren't that many seating options (be ready to reserve if you want a proper table!), so we have to sit by the door on a small table.The food was very delicious though. I think this is one of the best Italian food I've ever had. The famous squid ink linguine with seafood definitely worth the fame. The noodles were very tender and were cooked to perfection. All the seafoods, scallops, calamari, and shrimps, were very fresh. Mom got the seafood risotto and she was very happy with it as well. It was creamy but not overwhelming. The portions were huge, we had to squeeze everything in at the end...Overall, great restaurant for good food near Times Square. I feel there are so many hidden gems around this area :-)
#REVIEW#I loved my visit to Trattoria Trecolori! We visited after a Broadway show - late night dinner around 10:30. Let me tell you - these people don't skip a beat for late night diners. The waitstaff was so friendly and helpful - very quick to get what you need when you needed it. The food was divine - the bread, the fresh pasta, I'm drooling just thinking about it!I would definitely recommend this amazing Italian place!
