#NAME#Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gyu-kaku-japanese-bbq-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,bbq,asianfusion#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#It's always fun to come to GyuKaku. Gyukaku always has friendly staff and great happy hour prices.I went one and we ordered four different meats from the happy hour section and the flank was probably our favourite. The sukiyaki bibimbap was good and they finish mixing it up for right for you so its always still hot!Had the tokyo sunset drink. Would suggest exploring the happy hour cocktails. Had a great time at gyakuku
#REVIEW#Always a pleasure to come here. The staff is friendly and someone always check in to refill orders. The food is flavorful, the meats are usually juicy and you get to cook them as you like. Prefer well done steak? Then cook well done steak while others in your party can cook theirs medium rare. The servers usually recommend a cooking time per meat if you're not familiar with cooking. Depending on the sauce, you can get meats that are mildly sweet, a bit of soy sauce, spicy, sweet and sour. Lots of options! Apart from the bbq options they have already made dishes like donburi and garlic fried rice. I highly recommend those as side to the meat or have them add meat for a complete dish. The price is great here, it's much cheaper than a typical Korean bbq and you get more. At some point you should visit this place.
#REVIEW#I always suggest this place to my coworkers. I recommend coming for lunch because the specials are a great deal. Also the garlic fried rice is worth the additional 2 dollars. If you never been here, a heads up they give you the meat raw and you have to cook it. As long as you have a timer on your phone it should be fine and cook a little at a time. The service is quick and you're available to get a lunch break and make it back to the office in time.
#REVIEW#Fabulous !!!!!!!!! Second time here and is always great!!  No complaints at all!!! Please if you are planning to eat here do a reservation !!! the wait can be up to 2 hours !!!  it doesn't matter if is Monday or Friday ! go online a do reservation ! this restaurant is always busy! the prices are extremely good for the quantity of food they give !! I did a reservation so my table was ready for us. Beautiful view and extremely good table. The service was great!!! fast and good ! They have happy hours for food ! and courses for two people or more. Food ! 1 - Lunch Sakura Course ! 10 of 10!!! only 39.95 !!!  Appetizers , Bbq Items and dessert!!! The price is extremely good!!!! Drinks !1- Vodka Strawberry Lemonade ! 4 of 5 - is like a juice , please bartender pour more vodka! lol2- Flavored Sake - 10 of 10 ! exquisite !!!! Sweet flavor !3- Shochu - Sweet Potato - 3 of 5 ! Strong flavor !!!!The experience was great!!!
#REVIEW#After hitting the gym for a workout, me and friend wanted a proper intake of proteins with a meal at this place. The restaurant is on the second floor so you have to climb up some stairs to get here! We arrived around noon and it was decently packed, but we were quickly seated anyway. The interior layout is really modern and clean; good lighting and ventilation despite all the meat being cooked.Both my friend and I got 3 BBQ meats which comes with miso soup, salad, and rice for $16.95 per person. We upgraded to the garlic rice for an additional $2 (highly recommend). The three meats we got were the kalbi, garlic shoyu ribeye, and hangar steak. Our server prepared the grill for us, brushed on some oil, and told us to cook about 45 seconds per side for the meat. We did as we were instructed and we were satisfied with everything. Some meats took longer to cook just because it was thicker so keep on the grill to your liking! My personal favorite was the garlic sohyu ribeye.For about $22 with tax and tip, I left feeling full and refueled for my day! I will definitely be back soon.
#REVIEW#This place was good. I went here for my sister's birthday. I loved it. They had a variety of meats, which were all flavorful. There were a few that were my favorites. I forgot the exact names. They weren't labeled. But, I enjoyed most of the food I tried that was in the Meat Lover's option. The soup and salad were very good, as well. I would come back here again for a special occasion or with a large group. It was definitely a good place to go for a birthday. There was a lot of food though!
#REVIEW#This has to be one of the best lunch places that I've been too. It was a great time for me and my coworkers during our lunch break. I can't wait to return and do this again!!!  I also want to come for the Happy hour since I have heard nothing but great things about the awesome deals! Btw- I paid $12.95 for 2 meats and it comes with a side a rice, soup, and salad. How great is that ?? The lunch specials here are awesome!
#REVIEW#1 star for extremely poor service, lackluster food with pricing out of proportion to quality.You enter into a busy restaurant, our group of 5 was fortunate enough to secure a reservation and was placed at a booth right by the server's cash register. We ordered the set course meal for 6.While Gyu Kaku is a chain restaurant, there are a number of different meat options, each with recommendations for time to cook, however, for the untrained eye, it is difficult to tell what exactly the meat is and for how long it needs to actually be cooked for. My issue with this chain is that for a simple logistics issue, food should be plated on different color or sized plates to indicate to the patrons how long they should be cooked for.Those serving the meals should not simply place food on the table, rush through explanations of what is being presented and move on without eliciting confirmation of understanding - ingesting raw meat is not a good deal for anyone!I take issue with this particular evening ... We felt rushed as they gave an onslaught of plates without changing (or at least offering to change) the grill out in between every couple meats, and they would simply drop the plate off and run, explaining the dish as if they themselves were the only audience that needed to hear what was hitting our table. For a table sitting right by a team of servers congregating and standing around chatting, I was surprised how little our server followed up with our table. given that I specifically asked our server to review cook times with the numerous dishes that were piling onto our table. He just started talking without pointing at specific dishes, and when I stopped him to specify, I detected a hint of sarcasm/disrespect as it felt like it was an inconvenience to HIM to do his job telling patrons what they were eating and how to cook things properly.The food itself, I feel, tastes the same with every dish, rather one-note. The smores at the end of the meal were fine, the miso soup and fried rice were fine. But the star of the show, the BBQ meats, could and should do better.I think what Gyu-kaku could learn from korean bbq restaurants is how the servers, when they come by tables, actually check to make sure you are eating properly cooked meats!Tips/Takeaways --Would not recommend return-Don't be afraid to ask your server to explain the dishes you have presented to you, or to ensure you are being safe with how well cooked your meats are!
#REVIEW#I love Gyu Kaku.  Such a fun experience with great service.  The food was delicious and seasoned just right.  I will def be back and recommend this place
#REVIEW#Best Lunch // Happy Hour Tabletop Grills //  Casual CorporateIn the cold of winter, it's nice to have a fire... even if only on your tabletop!I used to come to Gyu-kaku all the time. Love their options and their gigantic menu which is great for sharing. Their drinks are a bit on the sweet side but certainly one of the best value in the neighborhood. If you as for the drinks less sweet they are pretty good about making the adjustment. Lunch Set + Happy Hour Highly RecommendSpicy PorkKobeAvocado SaladAmazing CucumbersSpicy tuna on fried rice balls (Yum)Layered green tea cake (sooooo good!)The lunch set comes with a generous salad, and there are veggie grill options which you can add on as well. I prefer to share with friends whenever I come here. Their other location on 44th Street on the west side is a good place to stop in if you're heading to the theater. It's always happy hour at the bar and it's a great place to wait for a bit with apps and cocktails.Back to this location...If you're not a grill master the waiters will cook for you.  I prefer the pork well done based on comments from a microbiologist friend many years ago.  The spicy pork well done is excellent.For the most part the service here is over the moon. Unfortunately, on our last visit, there was an employee working in the front at the host stand who was bossy and rude to customers and staff. "Go here do this, you do that""Get up.." "Follow me" We quietly get up from the bar area..."No not you this is not your table, your table it's ready yet" (Scratching head... then why did you tell us to get up and seat different people at the table where we were comfortably sitting??) ...and I was not feeling well... Bad day to tell someone to get up and move but then not have a table for them. This seems rare for Gyu-kaku as every other location has very polite people working. When I was talking to the manager about how rude the host was to everyone the host by and told my friend that the table was needed in an hour for a reservation (#facepalm) Really?! You just can't write this stuff. Maybe it was just an off day, spoke with the manager and then the employee seemed to vanish (shift ended?) either way if you work in hospitality being hospitable tends to work well.I know this one person does not reflect the brand. Will certainly come back. Have been coming here for years. The food and value are exceptional. Their previous host who is a singer was one of my favorite people.The Scene: BBQ, Casual Destination Rating: 7Date Rating: 7Hob Nob Potential: N/A Strong Suggestion: Bring friends, having a variety of options here is fun.
#REVIEW#If you're vegan, you'll surprisingly have a bunch of options here. The food is amazing, and the fact that you cook it on a grill in front of you is very unique!
#REVIEW#I usually dine at the Cooper Square location but I had no reservation and the Cooper location had a long wait.I called the midtown 3rd ave location and was rudley told that they could not give an estimated wait time via phone (even though I told them I was right downstairs.Fortunately 20 minutes later there was an opening on OpenTable therefore I took it. Went upstairs-was seated within 15 minutes and although the greeting was delayed and not quite welcoming, we were greeted very well while being seated.We were seated at an awesome booth by the window.  Our server SG was handsdown the best server we have ever had at Gyu kaku! He was amaZing! Patient, friendly, understanding, attentive, sweet, punctual and just spectacular!This will be our new go to when we are in the mood for Korean BBQ! We decided to order a pitcher of beer and lychee martinis-all were amazing especially during happy hour!We ordered the $75 meal for 2 that included quite a few appetizers, great beef options and smores. Not only were the food, seating and drinks great but SG made our dining experience even better!Can't wait to return!
#REVIEW#I went here with a few friends and we all loved it. The view is amazing - try to get a reservation along the windows for the better views. The food was delicious, short ribs and beef Toro are a must. I was surprised about how affordable this place is - about $40 a person with a beer, 2 red meats and a side of garlic fried rice after tip. I'll definitely be coming back here!My only complaint and the only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is the tongs - please check your tongs! Three out of four of our tongs were dirty and had old meat/veggie scraps on them from previous guests.
#REVIEW#My past experience with gyu kaku wasn't great at different locations but this one is it! This is one of the best gyu kaku I've ever been to. Usually I feel like gyu kaku meat is a bit too salty for my taste but this location the food was perfect. We went during lunch hour which I love because of the lunch set that they had (super affordable!) We also got a side of ramen and chicken which was a bit disappointing but hey for $12 it was worth it and it comes with chicken! The lunch set came with bunch of meats and salad, soup, rice. Last but not least, our server named woobin. (Sorry if I'm wrong ) took care of us very well. Our water was always filled and we also got constant fills on our napkins which I really appreciate. Overall, I will definitely come back to try more stuff on the menu! OH PLEASE GET THE spicy addicting cucumber! It's soo good and it's a good palette cleanser when your meats are getting to fatty.
#REVIEW#This is probably one of my favorite BBQ places I've ever been to. We got the $55 for two happy hour deal and it came with miso soup, salad, edamame, white rice, a plate of vegetables and 6 different types of beef, chicken and pork. It is important to note that the lunch special is not offered on holidays, even though it says Mon-Fri on their online menus.Everything was extremely fresh including the edamame and the vegetables, and the salad which had a light dressing on it. The miso soup came out warm at the perfect temperature. The different types of meat had their distinct marinades on it and the 3 sauces on the side complimented it perfectly. I've gone to all you can eat BBQ places where you just stuff yourself but this place definitely has the "quality over quantity" feel. On top of that, the service was really great! Super fast since we were rushing to head back to work/catch a train. The ambience in this restaurant is really nice too, lots of windows and you have a decent view of midtown. I highly recommend coming to this location.
#REVIEW#Glad I rediscovered this place I forgot how good it is.  First time back we had no rsvp no biggie wait time by the bar area is great since they have the late happy hour, we got the Lychee martini sooo good!! Great tasting & good amount of alcohol, usually my go too here. Kalbi short rib is amazing great tasting sauce grill just a few minutes each side & it's perfect.. definitely a favorite. Great tasting Filet Mignon.  Meats tend to be excellent here.  We also tried the Shrimp very good with the garlic sauce. The Sauté chicken was good as well, do prefer the meats. On the sides The Chicken garlic noodles are great, nice tasting noodles great flavor. Can't stay away from the Garlic rice lorddd so tasty. Sauté Spinach in garlic is delicious such a great taste. Appetizers can be tricky since it can be too much food, the Calamari is really good lightly battered great dipping sauce. Wings are good as well. Rsvp help but are not necessary, service is quick & prices are very reasonable great tasting food & drinks at reasonable prices will for sure keep coming back.
#REVIEW#This place is very good!! Upon entering there's a few flights of stairs to get to the restaurant. Once seated the grill is in the center of the table with an extensive menu. We ordered the group of 4 meal which came out to $150.00 total which isn't bad at all. Everything came out pretty fast being that, we had to cook it ourselves. I had no complaints on this at all. Our waitress changed our grill top in the middle of our entree course to ensure no burning oils and suck which i thought was smart. For dessert we had s'mores which are never a fail! Overall a great time here.
#REVIEW#This branch of Gyu-Kaku is much better than the one we went to in Times Square.  Service was excellent and the atmosphere was nice and open.  Good ambience.They can use a little more attractive entry way.
#REVIEW#I've come here as a larger group a few times, but this time as a couple. I really enjoyed the window seat for two - scenery view, cozy but spacious, easy access to grill, not too loud/noisy. Service was great. Orders came out fast,  explanations were clear and succinct. Server helped us get free s'mores (download the Gyu-Kaku app). Server was friendly and happy, which means a lot. Not always do you get great service, but it's usually been alright. Food is decent for a mid-range yakiniku joint. The price is on the higher end for the quality and taste of the food, but it balances out with the space, atmosphere, and service. I like the mushroom medley (just cook it in the foil for a few minutes), mushrooms are tender and flavorful without being bitter. I also like the short rib and yaki shabu, but I do think it's a bit too salty. A lot of this is enjoying the sauce (don't come here for the flavor of meat). Everything is a little on the saltier side, and everything is a little too oily (e.g. garlic rice, noodles, etc). Beef tongue is no good. I haven't found good beef tongue in the city yet. It's way too chewy it's almost rubber.
#REVIEW#Beware they are ripping ng of tourists! Here is an attachment of the $120 set menu we ordered and the initial $194 bill which they tried to destroy when i asked them to explain and bring a corrected one. They apologized and said the system does that which bring more questions, do they rip everyone who doesnt check? And do not do anything to show they are really sorry??
