#NAME#Crave Fishbar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/crave-fishbar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This review is based on the Happy Hour.I have been coming to the Crave Fishbar Happy Hour for around the last three years. I LOVE IT. First, the HH is EVERY DAY, not just weekdays. They have recently raised their prices on the HH, but its still worth it. You have selection of about 12 oysters (east and west coast) for $1.50 a piece. You also have a couple HH drinks and a white wine for $7. They are also some yummy treats like crab rolls and sliders on the HH menu.The two downsides: it gets very crowded so come early or you might not get a table, and the food comes in bitesized portions. While its HH, you will still leave a good chunk of money there:) But thats because its all delicious and you want to order more.
#REVIEW#Things started off promisingly at Crave.  The happy hour specials are a really good deal and diners seated at tables can order from the happy hour menu.  There is a large assortment of oysters for $1.50 each and they were all really good.  The $30 bottle of prosecco is perfectly fine.  Things began to go off course after that.  Our order of shrimp cocktail wasn't cooked through.  We sent it back and the second order was no better.  The manager came out and apologized, took it off the bill and comped us a few shrimp (we were supposed to get 5 but got 3, but it's the thought that counts).  The calamari, fish tacos and fried fish sliders were solid.  The expensive lobster rolls were inedible.  We ordered two, but were only served one, so someone had to wait until everybody else was almost done before she was finally served.  She took a single bite of the lobster roll and pushed her plate away.  Our waitress brought us a couple of cookies a la mode to apologize for the lapses in service, but the damage was already done.I would come back, sit at the bar and eat oysters, but that's about it.
#REVIEW#Great spot for dinner.....fun ambiance, great food, friendly and attentive service. And the best part - it is consistent! Been here multiple times now, and always had a good experience :)Food: they have a great oyster happy hour, and they do a lot of fun things with different varieties of fish (my favorite is the szechuan chili oil flavored baramundi, but the cod in the mushroom broth comes as a close second).All their drinks are spot on, and even their mocktails are yummy (try the blueberry fizz).They do get very busy on weeknights, so try and make a reservation. They also do walk-ins at the bar (which isn't a bad option considering it is a nice and wide marble bar).
#REVIEW#Okay so I've been dragged into the fold on this amazing find by my fellow foodie at work and I have only been to the 2nd Ave location and I'm in general love and borderline stalking with this place.Update: since I started drafting this review......I know I'm terrible I start and the get distracted and forget to finish the reviews. I've now had the opportunity to visit the village location for my birthday and a just because occasion.Unfortunately I still don't get to frequent as much as I would like because one you can easily drop a grip and secondly too many seafood allergies among my circles or my foodie friends just ain't into it ( I know the horror!!!)........ I know I need new foodie friends! Over the several times I've indulged my craving here (pun intended) I've not had a bad experience here yet. Love this place !
#REVIEW#Ok you need to drop anchor, bait your hook, cast real far, and hope you pull in a big one because your gonna want to stay at home and filet your own peanut butter sandwich because this is not for the faint of heart. I've told you all before that I grew up on the coast of Maine.  Basically I live and breathe seafood. Lobster, crab, and shrimp is really the heart of a Mainers life. With that said, what the heck did i just eat at Crave Fishbar?we started with the shrimp cocktail.  18 bucks for three, yes three shrimp.  ill give them this, the shrimp was big and meaty but i have to toss in it was  over cooked and rubbery beyond belief.  we ate one and a half and couldn't bare to eat another.  It was tasteless.   waiting for the shrimp we ordered the full chilled lobster.  another pricey item of 38 bucks but we decided that with this delectable treat how can you go wrong?  with that asked let me tell you how it can go wrong.  leave them in boiling water for too long ant the meat gets flavorless and so tough you need a steak knife to cut it.  This is lobster 101 people.  simple?  apparently not so simple. this thing was all of the above.  terrible.  i may have lost a molar biting this piece of rubber they call lobster.  this is one spot that i hope is doing well but with a simplistic dinner of cold seafood on a bed of ice, if a bus load of Mainers came in for dinner, they would go around the corner to Panda Express.....lol yeah check out that review and youll understand........
#REVIEW#Came to meet some work friends here. We sat upstairs where they have a seafood bar and extra seating.  This place had a promising look and feel to it. It had a modern feel but not necessarily upscale. It is a fishbar even though before coming I didn't really know what that was.For lunch I had kale salad with shrimp. It was pretty bland and needed either more seasoning or a better dressing. The salad came with 2 shrimp which seemed like a low number to me. My coworker said the avocado toast was solid and she eats a lot of avocado toast.  One criticism I have is that it had a fishy smell in there.  I know they serve a lot of seafood but it was a little offputting. Nothing really stuck out to me here. It simply wasn't memorable enough for me to come back. If I am in the area and hungry I may stop in but there are too many places in nyc to try.
#REVIEW#Love this place! Came here on a Thursday night around 9. Place was full but I got a spot at the bar. Cute decor. Great menu. I wish I was hungrier than I was! I ordered rosé, oysters, and the Dinosaur Kale Salad. All were delicious! Bartender was friendly. Service was fast. Definitely recommend.
#REVIEW#I am obsessed with oysters and will travel far and wide for a $1 oyster happy hour. If you name any day of the week I can name a restaurant doing oysters nearby for a deal, but that's only in LA. So when I came to NYC I decided I needed to scope out the oyster scene. We basically RAN across Manhattan in order to make the happy hour and didn't want to get stuck on a train. When we got there, it was pretty busy, and no seats for 3 available. The host was incredibly sweet and could see from the look on our faces that we were here to get down. So he offered us 2 seats at the bar that just opened, and promised to sort something else out for us as soon as possible. Already top notch in my book, as most places they just shrug if there's no seat for all of you and make you wait, wasting precious oyster eating minutes.  But here we got to order right away.The bartender was right in line and though he was busy, took the time to answer our questions and was completely on top of everything for us. We had drinks and in no time a couple of apps and 2 dozen oysters were set in front of us. Another seat opened a little ways down on the bar so we scooted on down and dug in.  We got a salmon tostada (I forgot the actual name) and it was so good we got more.  The oysters were fresh and delicious, and they had freshly grated horseradish! I had never seen it served in a restaurant before, and was over the moon.  There's not usually a huge selection of oysters available on happy hour at other places, but here there had to be at least 10 different kinds of oysters to choose from, broken down by region. We inhaled the first 2 dozen and quickly ordered another 2 dozen, leaving the restaurant fat, happy, and well-boozed. My only problem is I don't live in NYC and will have to wait until I come back to get these oysters again.
#REVIEW#I had this long review penned and then the computer acted funny and deleted the whole thing. Is it trying to tell me something?So I'll keep it short.  The Oysters during happy hour were great.  A bunch of varieties at either $1 or $1.50.  Great service. Pretty much what you'd want in a MidTown East place. Thumbs up.
#REVIEW#This is a great place to get seafood if you are in NYC!  I have been here twice and both times I have had great experiences.  We got oysters as an appetizer and they are so delicious.  They have a great variety and you can really taste the difference with each kind.  For entrees I have tried the barramundi and the red crab salad.  Both were excellent without making you feel super full.  The staff is really friendly and the design of the place is really fun.  A bit dark inside, but they also have outdoor seating.  Would recommend to everyone! :)
#REVIEW#Great food and drinks! After hearing from several people about the oyster happy hour specials I finally made it here after work on a Friday. There were 2 of us and we started out with a dozen Blue Points for $1. Those were the only $1 option, the others were $1.5. Most of the options that day were east coast oysters, only 2 west coast options. For a table of 2 they only let you start with a dozen for happy hour and then you can order another dozen after that is finished.  For our next dozen, at the waitress' suggestion, we had a variety of 6 different $1.50 oysters. Everything was really good. We also had the crab roll (AMAZING!), rice dusted judith point calamari - the breading was light and the calamari was so tender, and the salmon sashimi tostadas. For cocktails we each started with the CFB Bloody Mary (went REALLY well with the oysters) and I had the Big Ben. I really liked the grapefruit flavor. The menu changes according to seasonal seafood. I overheard someone looking for a dish that wasn't currently on the menu and the waitress also pointed out some temporary specials on the menu.
#REVIEW#I'm a huge believer that no matter how good a restaurant is the first time, it's really the second and third time that really are the visits that you'll find if the first time was simply  a one trick pony or if you've found a place that you want to come back to ... Let's face it, we've all been on that honeymoon, pink cloud only to have it burst when you finally have your feet back on the ground. And, let me just say that Crave is (almost) as good the second and third time, as it was the very first. Last night, we popped in after a little post Christmas shopping. Let's face it, I've become beyond obsessed with oysters (and not just any, I've become a little more refined and picky about where I eat them). And, Crave is one of the best in the city, without a doubt. What I appreciate about their happy hour oysters is that they offer up the same dozen-plus oysters for $1 as they do during regular hours. In other words, you're not getting the dreck and the cheap ones that they want to pass on, you're getting the same top of the line, top drawer delicious (and OMG fresh) oysters as you would any time of the day. And, there selection is SOOOOOO good. We ordered a dozen, but I easily could have (and should have) had another round.We were a tad disappointed that the scallops were not on the menu. The hubby really, really wanted them. So, that was our (almost). The waitress recommend the calamari appetizer. At first we were a little hesitant as we're trying to watch eating friend food. But, these aren't your typical calamari. They are seared, lightly dusted and then give a quick fry burst. And, our waitress was right on the money with this. They were out of this world. Could not stop. Even now, I'm thinking, I could go for more of that. Jayson had the salad. I had the grilled octopus, which was exceptional.  I didn't love, love the sauce. But it was perfectly cooked, and absolutely divine. Crave is definitely in my top 10, if not top five, of restaurants in NYC right now. And definitely in my top five for oysters. Now, as far as the service goes ... We sat upstairs this time, which is a little less romantic and a little bigger than the downstairs area. Our waitress had a lot of tables. And, yet, we never once had to look for her or be without totally being attended too. The support team up there is on their toes, and they work very well together. They checked on us several times, including after our meal arrived to see how things were. Plates didn't just sit when we were finished. The service bordered on flawless, AGAIN. And, for anyone who follows my reviews, service and consistency are as important to me as the meal itself. I can be really picky about servers (especially since I'm married to one). But there are no complaints here. The staff is very friendly and very attentive.You can definitely count on us coming back very soon, it is just excellent.
#REVIEW#We went to Crave last night, with mixed results- I'll start with the positive- the Branzino - it was very good. Crave is about the fish - and we were not disappointed. The dessert came last - carrot cake with fig olive ice cream and a large warm chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream - both very tasty. However, getting to the main course and dessert wasn't as easy - we had a tough, but tasty kale salad, we sent the fish tacos back, they tasted that bad and last, the Brussels sprouts were over cooked and dried out. The service was excellent- though be prepared for a high noise level. We would go back - for the Branzino and dessert!
#REVIEW#The pros: Great happy hour specials which includes beer, wine and house cocktails; good variety of oysters; super bar tender; and comfortable bar seating in a softly lit space.  The cons: loud space, not so special sides, undercooked and underseasoned brussel sprouts, bland fish tacos.
#REVIEW#I went for the first time last Friday during happy hour to try the oysters.  They have a wide selection and fresh oysters.  The only problem was it took a long time for the oyster order to arrive, but I didn't mind as the oysters were fresh. ( I got there about 6:45 and didn't get my oyster order until after 7:15.)  The staff was friendly and polite.  Since the oysters take a while of you plan to go for that I recommend ordering yhe oysters first and eating something else why you wait.
#REVIEW#Really good HH! $1 oysters and they have both west coast and east coast! West coast are super plump and not briny!Cocktails looked yummy but I stuck with vinho verde which was good! And best part is that they take reservations!
#REVIEW#I've been coming to Crave for years and the number one reason is happy hour! I like knowing where I can get $1 oysters where I don't have to sit at the bar, where they also have drinks and other snacks I can order on their happy hour menu, and it's located in midtown east. They have $1 oysters on about 10 different types! I like a place where I can get more than just a blue point! They have a diverse range from east and west coast and I've tried all of them and loved them all. The servers are so knowledgeable about each kind of oyster and you can order one of each to see what you like. They're cocktails and wines they have are really good. Their wine by the glass listed is perfectly paired for oysters I personally wouldn't order it if you weren't eating oysters and their bottle of rosé is something I always get. I've tried a few things off the happy hour menu for dinner and I was never disappointed. Their salmon a pasta dish were specifically really memorable. I can't wait to come back! They also do reservations during their happy hour if you want to make sure you get a seat. I never had an issue about waiting before. The location is quite large being 2 floors so if there was a wait it shouldn't be too long.
#REVIEW#Awesome $1 oyster happy hour from 5-7-even on the weekends! And it's not just the trash (gulf/blue point) oysters either! They had about 10 to choose from with a delicious mignonette. They even have a happy hour special where you get one oyster (chef's choice), a small shot of bourbon and a pickle back for only $6. It's like they took three of my favorite things in the world and put them into one convenient menu item!
#REVIEW#It was Jeffrey's Birthday so we decided to go to the Crave Fishbar. The elegant dining room is beautiful. The music was pleasant and the staff were very friendly. Now let's talk food!!We started with 12 oysters of our server, Daniel's choice:2 Montauk Point2 Malpeque 2 Black Duck2 White Stone2 Fisher Island 2 Island Creek LargeNow I don't recall which are which, but I can tell you that they were all delicious. I have a huge pet peeve about eating oysters that sometimes pieces of the shell are inside and get in your mouth. But there were none. Outstanding!I ordered scallops with oyster mushrooms, cucumber relish and sorrel. Absolutely divine. I could of eaten 100 of them and would find room for more. I also ordered a side of watermelon with feta cheese. I dissent care for it so I asked if I could return it. Not a problem at all. He ordered the seared rare yellowfin tuna with coriander adobo, Mexican corn and smashed fingerling potatoes.  It was incredibly smart to put the adobo with the corn and tuna. Brilliant. I would of loved to have dessert as they look and sound amazing. But I had no room!! I was so sad!! But we will DEFINITELY be back. This restaurant is just amazing. Thank you Crave Fishbar for such a wonderful birthday dinner that will not be forgotten!!
#REVIEW#Crave Fishbar is a seafood restaurant located in Midtown East area of New York City.  Their focus is on locally caught seafood using seasonal and organic ingredients whenever possible.Crave Fishbar is known for their Happy Hour (between 5PM to 7PM everyday).  $1 RAW OYSTERS.  Woot Woot!!  We also tried their Rice Dusted Point Judith Calamari (with thai miso sauce, mung bean sprouts, and aleppo chile).  NOM NOM NOM!!For drinks, I tried their Watermelon Sangria (white wine, fresh watermelon, lemon juice, and brandy).  *LICKS LIPS*  I definitely had a few of those!!ENJOY!!
