#NAME#Daniel
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/daniel-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,tradamerican,cocktailbars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Places like Daniel are the type of restaurants I'm saving my 5stars for ! In the heart of Manhattan , this place is a mesmerising combination of elegance , art and high french cuisine . It is top top from the second you enter till the very last moment you leave . Made a reservation in advance and visited the lounge with a friend while in NYC to have a drink and try one of their famous desserts . The place is sophisticated and at the same time can be highlighted for a super level of service - full of attention , smiles, care and politeness. Will be hard to find something that doesn't look perfect . Ambience is very classy ,  despite the tables are very close to each other at the lounge , it doesn't really bother since feels like people coming here have the same vibe as the place itself . Now the food - ok , that's not just a food , it's an art work with an artsy presentation. While we were waiting for our dessert - the lady sitting at the table next to us ordered her dessert which already looked too pretty to touch wasn't enough - they took out a "perfume bottle "  and sprayed it on the dessert- Imagine our surprise when turned out it's a special alcohol that highlights the flavour better . I've been to many nice places - haven't seen anything alike , oh la la !!!)))) Considering this is a french place - portions are expected to be small and look the way you don't really wanna touch lol - too beautiful. But they gave us handmade chocolate and other treats during our time - which made us feel like little kids getting nice gifts from Santa ))) That night was an unforgettable experience full of excitement. The place deserves it's micheline star that should be held with a big proud. I'll make sure to find time to visit it again next time I'm in NYC .
#REVIEW#Your well-known two-star French name. Reservation is highly encouraged as the classy restaurant is almost always full on weekend nights. Gentlemen are required to have his jacket on during the entire meal.The main dining area is your very classy European style decor. The place is relatively quiet and not overly dim. We came in on a Friday night and the place was packed.You have your choice of set menu with many selections (4 and 7). Each party gets a complimentary snack to start off: crackers with homemade toppings. We decided on getting the cuttlefish and scallop to start off, seared yellowtail and foie gras before the main, and monkfish and wagyu as our main. The sea scallops were fresh and topped with caviar and vinaigrette. That went really well with the other seafood starter we ordered, the cuttlefish. I loved the dressing on the fish, starters from two different worlds. Then there was the foie gras, refer to my pics. The dish was cooked and served in front of the party, a very eye-catching moment (good for your photos too). Absolutely loved the foie gras with the bread (which you can choose from a variety of selections).The main is really a tale of two worlds. We both loved the wagyu, including the presentation, portion, and the actual taste. Lived up to how it should be at this level. The monkfish, on the other hand, was a miss. It's really a miss when you have wagyu as your other main and actually compare the two.The desserts were mediocre, your ready-made french dessert with ice cream.For wine, we got the Grgich Hills Cabernet Sauvignon 2015, highly recommend it (on the dry end, but people who like sweet wine will also like it, full body.) Our vodka cocktail recommended by our waiter was also very refreshing.Oh and you also get its homemade snack and your menu to go~As a two star, the service could have been better. But overall much better than Cafe Bouloud (believe to be owned the same company.)food 3.5/5ambiance 5/5service 4/5value 4/5
#REVIEW#We are in New York for my birthday. Have not been here for a few years and we're fortunate to get a reservation. We had a table overlooking the dining room and could see all the action. The room is beautifully decorated and warrants dressing up. I am not sure why they lost one michelin star. Everything was perfect. Presentations were complex but not overdone. It was difficult to choose because everything sounded wonderful. I had been to a seminar in Charleston in 2017 and heard Daniel and some of his chefs speak. One chef isnow the executive chef and we were invited to meet him. A special treatFor all that was served, I thought the price moderate.
#REVIEW#There is no doubt that the high rate for this place is real. I tried the four course meal. I would like to focus on the courses that impressed me a lot. The hot appetizer crabe earns my favor. There were no shells in this dish. Crab meat was perfectly extracted and came with gentle yuzu wasabi.The foi gras, a hot appetizer, was also another bomb, try it if you can.As for the main course. I had the trout. The dish itself was very beautiful. The cube shaped stuff on the side could be consumed as the sauce of the trout which are great.As for the complementary dessert, there was a mystery one(I can't remember the name)  which was the best of all. There was no flaw but in service. Give me a reason not rating this place a 5*.
#REVIEW#Review is based on a number of dinners; photos are from a special caviar dinner. Daniel has long been one of New York's best restaurants and Daniel Boulud has been one of the world's best chef since his days at La Cirque. When one thinks of a French fine dining experience, there could be no better example than Daniel. The food, the service and the ambiance are all amazing. It is expensive, but you get your money's worth every time. While it is not your average Tuesday night spot, Daniel is a restaurant we will keep coming back to.
#REVIEW#5/11/19 To Karim/Daniel - Thank you for the kind and prompt response.  You really offer an amazing pre- and post dining experience.  We dined at Le Bernadin the next evening.  While the food is stellar, I will always come back to Daniel for its intimate decor and 5-star hospitality.  I will be so happy to reach out upon my next return....Daniel was very accommodating with our last minute reservation for party of 4 this weekend.  This was my 1st return to NYC since leaving in 2013.  It is so magical here from the ambiance to the table service.  I very much loved the attentiveness of the staff, nowhere else have I seen a fancy stool provided for handbags.  A friend once told me a lady never puts a purse on the floor!  There's an abundance of flavor in each carefully crafted plate that was brought out.  All my friends loved their choices.  Unfortunately for me, I found both my crab app and trout entree too salty.  I only took couple bites before sending back my app.  It surprised me that they made no comment or offer to make a new one.  After then getting the trout with the same salty profile, I took it back to the hotel only to throw it out later.  It was a disappointment but not enough to ruin the dinner.  Dessert was fantastic as was my cappuccino.  I can't wait to return another time to redeem this one-off experience.
#REVIEW#I recently came to Daniel with my fiancé to celebrate his birthday after not having been since it had 3 Michelin stars and in my opinion, nothing has changed. It was wonderful then and it is wonderful now.We opted for the 4 course pre-fix with the enhanced wine pairing.  The wine pairings were all excellent, and at times when we finished them early they were refilled.  The service was spectacular and attentive.  The staff was all personable and wonderful to interact with during the meal.  They did a very nice job adapting everything to be gluten free for my fiance, as we wanted to share all of our dishes.We ordered the following:Amuse bouche - bite size cured salmon.  Very nice, earthy and not overly strong salmon flavor.  Another bite size cracker with a blue cheese filling.  I really don't like blue cheese, but this wasn't that strong of a flavor.Cured sea bas and sea scallop rosette. Both were very good, with the scallop my personal favorite - the caviar on top was nice.  I didn't taste a lot of fennel in the scallop, which is good because i hate licorice flavor Foie Gras - this was prepared table side, flambeed and delicious with a wonderful strawberry side.  If you enjoy foie gras order this, and enjoy the show.Doversole - very light and delicate.  the potatoes were well cooked and the butter sauce was excellent.Trio of Veal - the leg was very moist and my favorite bite. There was interesting truffle flavor as well. Unfortunately one piece of the veal was a slight overcooking for my taste to a medium rather than medium rare but it was still nice.  The potatoes on this dish were also tasty.Bison - very strong black pepper flavor, but cooked to a nice medium rare.  The sauce and the veggies were very good.We opted to add an extra cheese course in the middle.  Our server picked excellent cheeses for us from the cart of cheeses, and the sommelier added an extra very tasty wine for us.For dessert, we shared the pampelmouse, which I didn't care for and the chocolate dessert, which was much better.  They also brought a fruit plate out with a candle for my fiance's birthday. You also get petite fours at the end along with a custom tailored menu with the wine pairings that you received.Overall, a very nice dining experience and I look forward to returning in the future.
#REVIEW#I have been wanting to try Daniel for many years since I hear about the restaurant so much. Located in the Upper East Side near Central Park this place is the definition of high end. Be ready to drop serious $ if you come here.We had a drink at the bar when we walked in. It is a small little bar with a few seats. There isnt anything too fancy about it but it is a cozy spot to have a drink before dinner. If you sit at one of the tables they have a server that comes and takes care of you. Once our table was ready they came over and told us. We were escorted to the main dining area and were seated. The main room is cool but I kinda felt like I was walking into my grandma's dining room. Nothing really sticks out about the main area. Its nice but it isnt as cool as Le Bernandin's dining area. The sommelier came promptly to our table and helped us order a couple nice bottles of red wine. You can choose from a few menu's here. They have the 7 course menu or the 4 course.  We went with the 4 course menu where you can pick from a few different options. I started with the yellowtail and my wife had the chilled pea soup. The tuna dish wasn't spectacular. It was raw fish and some vegetables on a plate. The chilled pea soup had good flavor and deep green color. They had some gnocchi in the pea soup that gave it a good contrast in flavor. My next course was the yellowtail tuna which was nice. The fish was flaky and cooked nicely but nothing popped out at me from the dish. I expected more from a place like Daniel.  My wife had the halibut and the same thing happened. The dishes have beautiful presentation but lacked that X factor. For our main meal we had the snapper for 2. It was fun to see the server filet the whole fish table side. This guy was doing some serious surgery and did a great job. For dessert I had the cherry pie which was probably the best thing I had all night. They brought out little chocolates and other little treats as well. The dessert was pretty good overall. I also tried the little pound cake that they gave us to take home and that was ridiculously good. To be honest, I don't know if Daniel lived up to the hype. It was a fun experience but I am not sure I was blown away by anything. It was definitely good but overall food-wise nothing will stick with me. In the end it was a cool experience and I am glad I did it. I probably won't be back but I fullfilled a bucket list item!
#REVIEW#What a phenomenal experience. This was my first time at a Michelin Star restaurant and Daniel did not disappoint. It was an entire production- about 3.5 hours from start to finish. I did the four course with wine pairing. For my first course I had the marinated yellow tuna, second course tarbot fish, third course lamb chop and fourth course a Java chocolate dessert. I loved all of my wines except the last, which I asked them to switch out and they did. Service was executed very well. We didn't feel rushed and instead all of the servers explained things well, answered our questions and were very friendly. I loved every dish I had. It was like edible art. Definitely expensive, but worth it!
#REVIEW#Decided to dine in the lounge rather than the larger dining room in order to have the option of ordering a la carte, but once we looked at the menu we decided to order the four-course tasting menu with the standard wine pairings. Ultimately, the price difference is negligible if you were to order a 1st and 2nd course with a bottle of wine. As expected, the meal was amazing, although my husband thought his lamb was a bit fatty. The venison with foie gras, recommend by our old-school European waiter, was one of the best dishes that I've ever had. Based on some comments online, I wasn't sure about the lounge, but it had a level of comfort and privacy that the dining room didn't seem to have.
#REVIEW#I was attending a private wine dinner, and my first visit to Daniel. From the coatcheck on, the staff was super nice, and amazingly efficient and professional.The event was a four course dinner with wine pairings from the Northern Rhone hosted by La Tablee, Pressoir Wines and Guigal, so lots of industry, sommeliers galore, and a successful wine and food writer. Daniel joined us for our cheese course, shared some wine and an anecdote or two.The wines were once-in-lifetime kinda stuff, from 1978 to 2016, 12 in all, and kicked it out of the stadium.The food was, as expected, first class, with staples such as seared scallops, tuna, squab breast and venison loin each prepared with innovative touches and delicate au jus. My fav was the foie gras stuffed venison loin that was devoured before I got my camera out. The cheese course was tasty and some lemon Madeleines added a sweet closure. This is food for foodies.The restaurant itself is classy and upscale, and the bar is small - 6 stools, and tables on each side, and it fills quickly at prime time. Bar tables can be reserved. Dress in the restaurant is jacket required (and tie preferred) for men, with the bar providing more leeway in terms of dress (one young lady was in jeans!). Jackets are available at coat check if needed. The evening was amazing and a visit with the family for a treat would be nice too!
#REVIEW#Came here for a special occasion (my birthday). So did everybody else who came here who is not rolling with Benjamins...Daniel marks a special event/celebration. Daniel takes notice and goes the extra mile to make the dinning experience special. We ordered the tasting menu with the wine pairing. If I'm dinning at Daniel, I mean as well go all out. The food was spot on with the wine pairing. The wine was really on the mark. There was only 1 wine that I was meh about. The food was delicious and flavorful. The service was outstanding- they gave me a menu detailing what I eat/drank to celebrating my birthday. The service was on their game/anticipating the need of each table. It was truly wonderful. The only thing that is stopping it from 5 stars is that I did not experience a meal that was mind blowing/that I never experience before. Food was very good, but wasn't speculator.
#REVIEW#My husband and I celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary a bit over a week ago. Although we thoroughly enjoyed our meal and service (complimentary tastings, custom celebratory menu, friendly staff, etc.), I don't think our overall experience warrants a 5-star review. The seven-course tasting menu, while well executed, did not "blow me away". Their bread service, however, was absolutely superb! I would suggest adding a few additional non-alcoholic cocktails for those who don't indulge. Service was friendly and attentive. However, we really struggled with understanding a few dishes due to one of the servers' heavy accent. To be so highly rated, we were surprised to see staff literally bump into each other a few times. The final letdown was the lack of ambiance. Softly played music in the background of the main dining room would've been appreciated as the clanging of cutlery isn't that romantic. I would certainly return for a future visit but not for a while as there are quite a few Michelin restaurants on my list to try.
#REVIEW#Came here for a surprise birthday celebration and they were thoroughly surprised! I always heard about Daniels and how its perfect place to come too if you wanna treat yourself nicely and in the company of others it is even better!The place is perfect balance of modern and old classic chic, and they are very prompt once your checked in to accommodate you. From the coat check to the check in process you felt very welcomed. We were very lucky to have a "private" corner so really didn't have to interact with everyone else dining there. I felt super lucky! We got there at 6:30pm and it was completed full around 7pm.The server was super friendly, knowledgeable, and explained everything if we had any question or mind read our complex looks while reviewing the menu. We ended up getting the 7 course tasting menu and the wine pairing (we were feeling like royalty and birthdays are big deal), the sommelier as well was extremely  friendly, knowledgeable, and explained everything.All seven dishes were divine including couple of complimentary dishes we had received, and wine was really amazing as well, they of coursed went perfect with each dish we had. My favorite wine definitely was the Honoratus Rioja Crianza "Aurum" Spain 2008 I could literally drink it all day.The birthday boy absolutely loved his birthday dinner, and was still surprised that he had gone. For anyone else if you do not do the tasting with wine menu I would say its roughly around $135 per person which isn't too bad, and with tasting menu then its $250 per person. It is the perfect place for celebrations, and as long you save up a bit for here you can enjoy Daniels too!
#REVIEW#We came here to celebrate our anniversary and had an amazing time. The ambiance, service and food were all incredible. We chose the 7 course tasting menu and enjoyed everything! The hamachi and foie gras on our tasting menu were absolutely superb! The attention to detail and infusion of flavor made is just want more! Incredible plays on flavor and textures. The food really tells a story and is gorgeous in its presentation. So grateful and happy to have spent our first anniversary at Daniel.
#REVIEW#We came here for a birthday celebration. Had always wanted to return here with my wife and thought her birthday would be a great opportunity. The place is very nice and welcoming once you step inside the revolving doors. A small, casual bar immediately to your right and the coat room on the left. I recall having come here once as a guest in the past without a jacket and being whisked into the coat room to select one to wear for the meal. This time I was properly attired. We were seated promptly for our 630pm reservation at a table in the corner up a couple of steps with a panoramic view of the dining room. The hostess whispered to my wife that she had saved the best table for her as it was her birthday. The dining room is splendidly decorated in neo French style, with beautiful holiday decorations.Our server arrived and explained how it all works. We went with the seven course tasting menu and wine pairing.  It is always much better we feel, to have the chef and sommelier select our dishes and wine. No chance for any mismatches. There were servers everywhere and our waiter was always around but not overbearing.  We ordered cocktails a Vesper and a White cosmo. They were perfect and my wife's cosmo was served with a golf ball sized ice cube holding a flower. It was now around 7pm and the dining room was almost completely full.We were started off with a couple of interesting complimentary tasting dishes to stimulate our palates. All the food was outstanding. I am not going to go through each course but I have attached a pic of the menu. We were presented with printed menus to remember the evening. Also a couple of pastries in nice boxes.My wife loved her birthday meal. I suggest you prepare yourself and save up if you go. We typically do not dine in places like this but for a special occasion it would be tough to do ANY BETTER.Mark & Nancy
#REVIEW#Be aware of the dress code.  Suit is fine, jacket is required and they are quite flexible on formal jacket versus casual stylish.Service is absolutely first class in every way and the ice/rhythm was perfect.  We chose the seven course menu that actually turned out to be nine.  Everything was excellent.
#REVIEW#The most romantic restaurant in New York. When my friend asked me where to propose his girlfriend, I recommended Daniel. Very beautiful set up.I just visited Daniel a few days ago with my friends visiting from Japan and all of us had a very memorable  night. The service here is just incredible. Very caring, friendly and super professional. And of course all the dishes are superb.My most favorite dish of the night was langoustine in appetizer section. You would enjoy the sweetness of the shrimp and the crunchiness of the quinoa coating. From the beginning to the end, this was the best dinner experience un 2018.
#REVIEW#I'm not sure if I dined at Daniel on an off night but did not have a good experience. This was my third visit to Daniel, and my first since they lost their third Michelin star.  Sadly, I have to agree with the demotion.I made my reservations online and stated in the notes that I was flying in from San Francisco to visit an old friend, and that it was a special occasion. Apparently no one reads these notes.  Our reservation was for 8pm, and we were on time.When we arrived I could tell by the way they greeted us and looked at us that we were not getting a prime table. I was not surprised we were seated next to the kitchen door. I don't understand why, we were dressed appropriately. Why have a table next to the kitchen door in the first place?Service was surprisingly substandard. After we sat down we waited and waited for anyone to come by. I thought there must have been a mix-up about which server had our table. Cocktails also took forever to arrive, then we sat there with empty glasses for about ten minutes. I wasn't in any hurry, but we felt ignored, unimportant.The food was perfect, however, but nothing very memorable. So many places in NYC have great food that it's hard to stand out maybe.At the end of the meal our waiter asked if we needed a cab, and we said yes. As we left there was no one at the door, no cab, nothing, so I don't know why he asked us in the first place.Server also made a point to remind us that the total of the bill didn't include the pre-reservation charge, just to make sure we knew. Awkward.We had asked for a kitchen tour but of course they didn't remember which wasn't a surprise.$860 for two and be treated as an afterthought makes me sad. We won't be back.
#REVIEW#I've been coming here for years and it is always a great dining experience. Our waiter was Jorge who was great, you just can't beat Daniel for service. I consider them the benchmark for others to be measured by. The food was great as always. You may not leave the restaurant being stuffed although this is about quality, presentation, service and care. You leave there feeling like you were treated like royalty.Delivery of each dish is well orchestrated. The timing is perfectly synchronized from changing silverware, to placing your plates at every turn. They even print a copy of the individual menu you had.Their manager Karim went out of his way to make sure the service was extra special and even providing a tour of the kitchen which I don't think is offered very often to anyone.. I could not ask for better service and would highly recommend Daniel especially if you have a special occasion that you don't want to disappoint.  They have been extremely consistent  any time I've been there.
