#NAME#Go! Go! Curry!
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/go-go-curry-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japacurry#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Flavorful Japanese curry with properly made pork katsu (pork cutlets) and soft, pillowy rice. The fukujinzuke (Japanese relish) adds a nice contrasting crunch. Sauce to rice ratio is sublime. Truly a comfort food!
#REVIEW#If you are looking for a place that gives you bang for your buck this place is it. The portions are huge and I always get at least 2 meals out of it. The katsu (chicken or pork) are both juicy and crispy, which is just how I like it. I like that the extra items can be ordered on the side so you only pay for what you actually want. I always get katsu curry and picked radish because the sweetness makes for a nice contrasting flavor. The curry sauce is a little hit and miss though. There have been times I've gone and it has a burnt taste. I avoid ordering anything with sausage since they are pretty much mini hot dogs.
#REVIEW#The food here is affordable and mouthwatering. For $13.66 after tax, you can get a plate of rice, choice of pork or chicken, one shrimp tempura, a sausage, served with curry that's the right amount of sweet and tangy.I mainly wanted to write this review to commend whoever was working on Sunday, June 15, 2019 at around 7 PM. A few guys walked in, and one of them opened a door that was clearly marked "Not a bathroom", looking for a bathroom. He wound up knocking over a trash can, getting trash all over the floor. He seemed unaware, so I let him know, and he kicked the trash into a pile in a half-hearted attempt to clean up the mess. His friend then said, "Don't worry, there are people to clean it up. Poor people."The worker at the cashier obviously overheard this, but he kept about with his job and handled the situation with incredible patience. The food here was delicious, but whoever that worker was, he'll be the reason why I continue to give this Go! Go! Curry location my business.
#REVIEW#This is the best Japanese curry I tasted. I went for small plates, but even that is big for me. Chicken katsu in vegetarian curry was my favorite. Rakkyo which is a pickled version of shallot went well with it. Pork katsu curry was also good.
#REVIEW#There are several Go Go Curry locations in Manhattan and this is usually the one that I visit. The dining area is fairly small, but you do have the option of taking the food to-go. I almost always order either the Grand Slam or the Home Run with chicken. Lately I've been adding fukujinzuke. They have other additional toppings to add to your plate. Their katsu curry is one of the better ones that you'll find in the US without having to travel to Japan.During my numerous visits for lunch, I've always encountered friendly employees here. The food is good and the prices are pretty decent for the amount of food that you get. I will continue to keep on coming here!
#REVIEW#It's a beautiful thing when a place that looks a little run down on the outside produces INCREDIBLE food. Don't be dissuaded by the exterior, go inside!! I am no curry expert. Especially Japanese curry. So this review is for specifically people who are also uneducated on curry. Guys it's sooooooo good. I got the medium Katsu Chicken curry, which by the way, medium was a TON of food. I can normally eat quite a bit, but finishing this was a challenge. The curry itself was so meaty and delicious. It kinda just looks like a deep brown unassuming gravy when it comes out of the kitchen, but wow, flavor explosion. I also am used to curry with the meats/ veggies mixed in and slow cooked. But there really on to something with the deep fried food and rice combo. Unexpectedly delicious. Originally I wanted to get chick fil a for dinner, but when my rice came out with a giant piece of fried chicken on it I definitely got the best of both worlds. As far as seating goes, there's not a ton(see pictures), but there are 2 tables and a bar/ barstool setup with maybe 9 seats. If you're in midtown and you want cheap delicious food, venture a couple streets down from Times Square and try this curry!!
#REVIEW#I love Japanese curry. It's hard to beat comfort umami curry with your choice of deep fried toppings. Berkshire pork sausage & shrimp are probably the best toppings there because the curry is on the mild side, you want strong flavor toppings like those two.Also, Pork katsu over Fish katsu and Chicken katsu without a doubt.Portion is good but most of the time they don't give you reasonable amount of curry.I'm very picky with curry since I had better authentic Japanese curry in Thailand and Japan. But Go Go Curry is decent, one of my favorite choices for to-go comfort food.
#REVIEW#Ordered the world champion curry as I made a friendly bet that I could finish it.  At the end world champ remains champ.  The dish was massive and looked bigger than the videos.  Curry always flavorful but not spicy as jap curry is usually sweet.  Katsu was nice and hot and very crispy.  Everything was at expectations.
#REVIEW#Don't let the "fast food" appearance of this restaurant fool you. It's fast and casual, but the dishes are amazing. You order at the counter and the food comes in a metal plate with cutlery within 5 minutes or so.I always get the Grand Slam and it never disappoints. It comes in a bed of steamed rice with a layer of delicious curry. The curry is unique: a bit on the thicker side and quite strong. Of note, it's a bit on the darker side. On top of the Grand Slam sits the chicken and/or pork katsu (you can pick). I liked the chicken a tad better than the pork, but both are delicious and you can get half/half for variety. You also get a piece of shrimp, which was delicious.The sausage was merely okay and in my opinion the weakest part of the Grand Slam. The eggs too were fairly mediocre. I recommend the extra cabbage. It's free and adds some veggies to the meal.Overall, great place to grab a meal. Excellent food in a casual environment. Would come back regularly for a curry fix.
#REVIEW#If you're going to 38th St. 6th Avenue, This is the place you must to try !!! Great rich curry and good service.
#REVIEW#I'm indian and I with my British boss...we both wanted curry. He yelped it and we walked around the block to this tiny place. Walking in I realized I needed to be more specific in the type of "curry" I wanted. Without being rude we eyed the pictures on the menu and chose chicken curry bowls. They were made very quickly even during the lunch rush. It should be noted we were the one only ones there. Our food was made and packaged up as we paid and left. There's about 4 seats in the place. Upon returning to our office I tried Japanese curry for the first time in my life. Oily but decent flavor. Not what I wanted but I ate it all anyways. I might try the flavors again but idk if I'd return to this place.
#REVIEW#Good, its what you expect.The biggest problem was the katsu meat. I don't think they let the meat rest properly before cutting it. The juices ran out and my katsu was dry. They also cut it into way too many slices (very thin), further releasing the juices. If they had given me more sauce, it might've been fine, but it was sadly dry. I even got the pork..Their rice is too soft and spongy for me. That's probably a personal problem, but since the rice sits under the curry, you end up with very spongy rice.I enjoyed the sausage, shrimp tempura, veggie tempura, and cabbage. Although I wish those had more sauce on them too, especially the cabbage.
#REVIEW#After having a lot of more expensive yet worse katsu dishes with and without curry, I've come to appreciate what this place has to offer a lot more. It'll probably always be a bit of a "fast" feeling food, but the curry is delicious, the portion is probably one of the best for its price, and the way the options are set up gives you a package that I legitimately do not think can be beat anywhere else in the city.I plan on purchasing the curry sauce here for personal use, and the katsu/rice/cabbage goodness here has become a personal standard that I've started aiming for in my own cooking. Feel free to check my previous review for some more detailed comments, but when I look back on that one, I clearly didn't appreciate what I had. 5 stars.
#REVIEW#Go Go Curry is our go to for a quick meal in the city, because its always good without being fancy or complicated. Rice. Curry. Katsu. Cabbage. Mix/eat/done.Customize your size (S-XL) with few main options like chicken, pork, or veg tofu. Deliciously fried and crisped, cut into perfect bit size, every time. Kind of wish they had brown rice option (to pretend we are trying to be healthy despite everything) but they do have the udons now!Plus its FAST. Less than a few minutes between ordering and eating, keeping true to the "go go" part of their name.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday around 6 P.M. and the place was fairly empty. The place is pretty small with a couple of seats in the restaurant. I wasn't expecting too much from the place but was pleasantly surprised.I opted for the large pork katsu over rice and it was very filling and delicious. The curry was flavorful and had a little bit of heat to it but nothing overpowering. I guess it's not spicy like traditional curry so if that's what you're looking for you won't find it here. The pork katsu was also crunchy and lightly breaded. The meal was perfect over a bed of rice to soak up all that curry flavor.I would definitely come back here to eat again.
#REVIEW#Enjoyed this hole in the wall place a few blocks from our hotel. The katsu was good (tried both chicken and pork) and it was packed well to-go. The veggie tempura is a bunch of shredded vegetables - not super crispy as it would be fresh but still very tasty. Good place to go for a quick tasty bite if craving katsu.
#REVIEW#Go Go Curry is by far my most favorite place to get pork katsu and shrimp tempura. Their batter is perfectly flaky and crisp and the meat is always so tender! I have been here many times and never had a bad experience. All of their fried options are fried fresh to order so you will be sure to have a piping hot plate of freshly fried food whenever you order here. The vibe here is very casual as the food is also a fast casual type of food. For most people I think a medium size platter with your choice of meat is enough but since I eat a lot and I enjoy trying a bit of everything, I always go for the grand slam. The grand slam comes with the pork and chicken katsu, shrimp tempura, sausages, and eggs. Their curry sauce is very tasty as well and goes great with the white rice. I'm usually left feeling like I could have used more of the curry sauce since I love it so much. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves great katsu and curry!
#REVIEW#Just as advertised! Small shop, not a lot of seating but excellent food! Had the Home Run Curry with pork cutlet. The curry was well seasoned and cutlet was fried very well. The rice was just a touch overcooked but still delicious. The shrimp tempura was a nice touch to the dish but the sausage was clearly cooked in the morning and kept warm. But overall the dish was great and I would stop in again
#REVIEW#The dark curry over the soft and fluffy rice was mouthwatering. I did not expect to taste such powerful flavors, as my experiences with Japanese curry were limited. The pork katsu in the Home Run Curry was crispy and tasty but the curry is the showstopper. The cashier and chef were both nice and fun-spirited, which was definitely a pro. The one con is that there aren't that many places to sit to eat in groups. There are only 2 tables of four. Overall great experience for cheap and good food.
#REVIEW#- Food: I ordered a small pork katsu curry. It comes with rice, curry, pork, and shredded cabbage. Curry was flavorful and not watery. Pork was crispy, but wish it could have been a little more tender on the inside. Although a small, it was still pretty filling.- Service: The staff was attentive, friendly, and fast.- Seating: There are about 8 chairs for bar seating and 2 tables (4 chairs each). It can get crowded around 7pm.- Other: Prices pretty cheap than other places in NYC.
