#NAME#Amélie
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/am%C3%A9lie-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,wine_bars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I feel like it is very difficult to find a good french restaurant in the US.  They are often overly fancy, excessively expensive, or just not that great.  I really enjoyed Amélie and thought the small plates were all really good and reasonably priced.  The restaurant was fairly small and crowded, but still felt intimate, great date spot.  Of course they have great, fresh french bread!Foie Gras:  Really enjoyed the foie gras, probably my favorite dish.  It's so rich and creamy it tastes like butter.  Great combination with the sauce and apricots on toast.Burrata:  The burrata was very good, tasted so fresh.  Huge ball of cheese goes well with the salad, oil, and herbs.  Great with the french bread.Escargots:  Escargot is one of my favorite french dishes.  These were cooked well, but I was a little surprised how sweet they were.  However, I usually think of escargot as a garlic butter delivery device.Fresh Oysters: I am always scared to get fresh oysters, but these were very fresh. Worth a try!
#REVIEW#Came here for my birthday weekend and it was every bit as amazing as I thought it would be.  Started with the Burgundy Escargots Gratines... I had never tried escargot in a red wine reduction... it was the best escargot I've ever tried.  I say this as a French woman who has been to Paris several times... it was just pure indulgent perfection.  Especially with the delicious fresh bread to soak it up.For dinner had the Duck Leg Confit.  Don't eat duck very often and this was completely amazing.  This was paired with the Côtes du Jura Domaine Lornet... at $46 a bottle it felt like a bargain for a birthday splurge in the city.  Went with the Fondant du Chocolat for dessert and it was simple and very, very good.The service was attentive and on point, didn't have to ask or want for anything from start to finish.  This was the perfect place to celebrate, just really consistent and excellent, beautiful ambience and authentic, warm.  Yes, tables are tightly spaced but that is to be expected.  I will come back when I visit again to take advantage of happy hour.
#REVIEW#We were looking forward to coming here, based on the reviews. It was 6pm on a Sat. night, and we were happy to have scored a table. We ended up waiting a long time for someone to come over (I eventually asked the maitre'd if I could order wine!). Once the waiter deigned to come over, I ordered the tuna tartare (very good) and the artichoke salad (soggy, bland artichokes, watercress and dressing).For the money, and considering also the volume and the over packed room, I wouldn't go back.
#REVIEW#Got my first wine flight here and I was not disappointed. The menu said it comes with 6 but the waiter said that it was for the happy hour which was clearly happy hour time when we went but I was happy with the 3 selections I got. They give you bread. I got the mussels and it was really good. I usually don't get seafood at restaurant but I made an exception and it did not let me down. Best part, if you dip the bread in the soup that the mussels come in, it tastes great! We love a good life hack. The wine tasted pretty similar, my friends were getting hints of smoke and cherry but I was getting wasted (or planned to). It also comes with French fries but not enough dip for them. The service was great and the waiter was super friendly. I would come here again!
#REVIEW#This French wine bar is such a cozy spot, even during lunch.  Ventured  with a friend and we opted on shared plates and each tried the cauliflower soup that was amazingly delicious (veganized).  The pot of mussels was delicious, especially the sauce, great for dipping the perfectly baked french baguette.Although we visited during lunch they offer happy hour (no one else has happy hour at 1pm).  We tried the wine flight samples which is a set of 4 wines (I chose all red bold wines) for a reasonable price.  Definitely take your time savoring the wines as they can sneak up on you but oh they were so good.The wait staff was great, friendly and informative with questions we had.I'd like to visit during dinner hours which offer a few menu items not available during lunch.
#REVIEW#5 stars for the drinks and 3 stars for the eats. The wine special on happy hour can't be beat. For $12 you can choose a wine flight that comes with three hefty pours. It's basically like three glasses of wine. This is considered a steal anywhere, making it even better in the West Village. There are a ton of different flights to choose from. I went with the Jacques which had three full smooth reds - all were incredible!There are also a few small plates on special, and then a larger menu with more food selection. Most things on the menu don't have meat on them and are very cheese focused. Maybe I'm just picky, but I would have appreciated to see some more mainstream items. I just can't get down on escargot and pate. We went with Brussels sprouts, baked camembert with honey and a charcuterie plate with chorizo, sopressata and manchego. The Brussels definitely stole the show. The portion was pretty large and topped with thick pieces of bacon. The camembert was really disappointing. We were expecting a baked brie but this was like a weird coagulated pot of hot cheese. Not about it. The charcuterie was decent, the plate came with a ton of extras like pickles, figs, grapes, nuts and a few spreads. I just wish the cheese portion was a little less skimpy, but I will probably always feel that way.It's super stuffy inside and tables are very close together, but it's also an intimate wine bar. Just a heads up. It got very hot in there. I'd return for a happy hour drink and then would probably opt to have dinner elsewhere in the village. Can't go wrong with that though!
#REVIEW#Amelie is a super cozy French wine bar. It's small but the atmosphere is flawless. I'm so happy I found this spot! It seems to constantly be very busy especially during happy hour. Understandable, since the Happy Hour deal is fantastic. The special includes wine flights, 3 glasses of wine for $12 ($16 past 7 pm). There are several different red and white wine flights to choose from. They also offer a bunch of small plates on the special. Overall, this is a great spot for wine and some food. It's an intimate spot perfect for a date night.  In order to grab a seat at the bar for Happy Hour try to get there right before 5 pm, after that it got super busy. I would definitely want to come back for another Happy Hour and also to try the food. It smelled delicious!
#REVIEW#My girlfriend took me here for my birthday dinner as per my request. The idea of a french wine bar with awesome food was too hard to pass up on. Amelie is absolutely amazing. Everything we had from the wine to the food was incredible.We each got a wine flight ($17 each) which was a steal. They have a large selection of different wines and I simply picked the ones with the most appealing names. We ordered the Beef Tartare, Pistachio crusted Goat Cheese ball, and a charcuterie board with 2 cheeses and a Pate. Looking back, I wish we had ordered more food as everything was awesome and the entrees looked and smelled phenomenal. I will definitely be back here especially during happy hour where the wine flights are $12!I apologize for the poor quality photo's, it was very dark and cramped in the restaurant.
#REVIEW#So I'm a sucker for French bistro style food and there's lots of that genre to choose from in the City. Amelie is not quite a left bank Parisian bistro -- but when in the West Village on 8th street -- it will do. This eatery gets high marks on Yelp -- so we took a leap of faith and chose it for brunch with our out of town friends. Overall I am pleased with the food. Not so much with the brusque service, the impossibly loud music and the endless chatter from a packed house. Conversation required yelling at one another like carny barkers -- not an ideal vibe for a relaxing Saturday brunch with friends.The best bite (we shared two servings) was escargots served shelled in classic parsley/garlic/butter gratinee. These tender globules were perfectly seasoned and melt in your mouth tender. Mop with the gratis crusty baguettes -- sip some wine -- think Burgundy France -- and you may forget how deafening this joint really is. My duck leg confit was classically prepared -- perfectly tender and flavorful -- but the soggy and flavorless potato slices served with the duck marred the dish and the presentation.Mussels in wine with leek were very pedestrian -- several were unopened (as in old and dead) which is always mildly distressing. The lamb burger, while nicely charred to chef recommended medium, was served on a toasted baguette instead of a brioche bun (as advertised). Our server said they ran out of buns and suggested the baguette would work even better. It didn't. Made for gum tearing and teeth rattling chewing. Toasted baguettes work with onion soup or as salad croutons, not as vessels for tender lamb burgers.Hanger steak, frites and eggs was an honest interpretation; the shoestring frites were perfectly crispy and the meal is served with a trio of flavorful sauces.  The charcuterie and cheese platter (choice of 5 for $33 bucks) was very satisfying -- and in this instance -- a crusty baguette was a perfect match. I especially liked the pheasant pate and duck rilette alongside stinky French cheeses. Great contrasts in flavor. Wish they had more selections.Amelie offers plenty of choice in drinks though, including some very nice house special cocktails. My two absinthe and rye whiskey powered Sazerac's were delicious and reminded me of how much I missed this classic south of France combo. Everyone else quaffed good French wine by the glass and seemed happy with their choices.Top Tip: The brunch menu is limited, but the happy hour with $12 wine flights supported by a full dinner menu runs from 4 to 7. We just missed this special. Next trip I look forward to trying the regular dinner menu and more absinthe inspired cocktails. Who knows. If I don't lop off my ear, I might just be inspired enough to paint like Vincent, in a wormwood induced -- green fairy-like haze. Lol
#REVIEW#This place has pretty cool vibes, as well as several French speakers on staff! However, I would probably come back in the earlier in the evening, when the sun is still out, because the interior is so dark that I could barely see! (Plus, they have $12 wine flights during HH) Also, it's a bit cozier than I expected and can get very crowded. My Burgundy Escargots Gratinés and Hudson Valley Duck Leg Confit were pretty good - not the best, but better than average among versions I've had previously. My friend really enjoyed the Brandade (salt cod/creamy potato dish), but she was disappointed to find her Gratin de Ravioles du Royans to be over-baked (to a mush) and flavorless.The chocolate mousse dessert was also a bit underwhelming. I think I would just come back for wine and appetizers next time.
#REVIEW#Wow. Just wow. Superb service, quality of food, ambience, crowd. I just loved everything about this swank French restaurant. My husband and I came here for date night and we lucked out as there was instant seating at the bar tables. Usually there's reservations only or long wait time. tip: get reservations ahead of time or have an early dinner :) We stared with escargot  oh my god these are to die for. Then we each had duck confit and wow this was one of the best confit I had. Super moist duck with a light a crispy skin. Wow just wow. I finished my meal with Prosecco and my husband with his whiskey. This was after all a whiskey and Prosecco kind of nightDef recommend this place!!
#REVIEW#My fiancé and I came here for brunch this past Sunday at noon. Not sure if it was still too early or the rainy weather, but it was empty. When we walked in another group was already eating and that's it. Overall, service was good and so was the food. But I did not find it to be anything out of the ordinary from any other regular brunch place. We ordered a cheese and charcuterie plate with two cheeses and one meat to start and my fiancé ordered a french onion soup. He judges places we go to based on how good their french onion soup is and he really did enjoy the one here! For our entrees we both ordered a lamb burger and a mimosa each.
#REVIEW#I'm not sure if I'm crazy or if everyone else is. I brought my mother to NY for Mother's Day Weekend and had bookmarked Amelie as one of my go-tos the next time I was in town. I had a craving for Foie Gras, made a reservation and convinced my mom to take the trek over from Midtown East. Our server was very nice and asked if we wanted to start with a drink but I was there for the food. Mom ordered the Cod and I ordered the Foie Gras (of course). When the meal came out the first thing to hit me was the smell of the fish and the second was the underwhelming looking Foie Gras. Nonetheless, I decided "hey, I'm here, I'm hungry, may as well eat". I ended up finding a piece of plastic in my foie gras and that's when everything went downhill. I immediately felt sick and I was DONE. We waived the server over and let him know about the plastic and he ended up being very gracious about it but it's just not enough to make me ever go back. The total ended up being $30 and change after he removed my meal and I tipped $10 because the server is obviously not at fault. Why they would serve smelly fish, I don't know. I don't know if they had an off night and I was unlucky or if this is the norm, but, I'm completely grossed out by our meal and sad that I wasted my money and time at what should have been a nice dinner in NY at this place when I could've gone anywhere else.
#REVIEW#Came here yesterday for happy hour. We sat at the bar because apparently if you don't have reservations you don't get a seat. Which I almost totally get because there where people in there sitting, talking, drinking and just enjoying themselves for over 2 hours (I was there for about 2 hours), without the feeling of being rushed. Bar is a bit of a tight squeeze, if they could remove one stool it would be the perfect "personal" space amount. First batch for wine flights we ordered the dry white flight (forgot the name), and the rosé one which was called the Fabio. There was a mix up and ended up getting a sweet white one, which my friend decided to keep. The second round we both had the Fabio flight, it was good, I prefer the dry white. There might have been some more after that.Onto food. We ordered some crostini's (Salmon and Octopus), the warm goat cheese ball and the escargots. The crostini's were delicious! The goat cheese ball might have been my favorite app. The escargot were good but needed a small pinch of salt. Also included was a bag of delicious bread, this is coming from someone who isn't really into bread. Entree we both ordered the duck (something we didn't need) the duck was delicious the potatoes and mushroom it laid on again could have used just a pinch of salt. But overall I enjoyed the food and would recommend this place and would come back. Seating at the bar, for over 1.5 hours, the stool can get a bit uncomfortable. Just keep that in mind. The place is cute, atmosphere is just a "vibe" super chill, chic but inviting.
#REVIEW#I came to Amélie with a friend for lunch. The restaurant had a nice vibe, with enough seating to not feel tight and still feel intimate (the tables are pretty close, though). My lamb burger was solid. Not mind blowing, but it was cooked properly at medium and came with good fries and a green salad. My friend had the French Toast, which is accompanied with mixed fruit and whipped cream, and said it was first rate. The decor is quirky for sure --there is a light fixture with money and handwritten notes hanging from it. Not sure how that is French, but somehow it works, given the other quirky design elements like the porthole windows in the door that leads to the bathroom to the hallway.  Service was fairly good as well.
#REVIEW#Amazing!!!! We were running late, (summer traffic was insane), I called and all they said was no worries!! We understand! We arrived the place was packed we were seated instantly! Food, service, dessert delicious!!!! Highly recommend doing the wine flights! So inexpensive and wine selection was soooo good!!! I had the one with the reisling can't remember the name... my husband has the Salvatore and he said was great wines! Two thumbs up!!!
#REVIEW#Awesome place! I could spend hours here eating, drinking and chatting with friends. Great wine selection and the food is fresh!
#REVIEW#I feel weird giving Amelie 3 stars when it's so highly rated across the board, but the meal we had here was just completely forgettable. I'm writing this review not too long after the fact but I'm already struggling to remember anything we ate. Off to cross-check my photos and the menu...Okay I'm back. Apparently we had the Creekstone beef tartare, Hudson Valley duck leg confit, rack of lamb, and white chocolate Yule log. I wish I could say anything about any of these dishes but I've truly forgotten all of them. They weren't bad at all! Clearly good cooking, just...you know...forgettable and boring. Sorry this has been an utterly unhelpful review.
#REVIEW#Had a great dinner date with best friend last night. They are definitely a small restaurant and it was really crowded but they made it work anyway. We had to wait at the bar for our table to be ready as we got there early and there was no room at the bar but we were served drinks quickly AND the bar hand gave us water while we waited for our drinks without having to ask for it. We were seated at a very small table by the window basically on top of the couple next to us but it didn't feel super uncomfortable. The food was just savory and delicious and the drinks were great. We also got a red flight to share and all three wines were good. It is more of a 4.5 star but I leaned toward 5 because overall we had a great time.
#REVIEW#I can definitely say that everything here was absolutely amazing - wine, food and service!!!  We were in NY for my birthday weekend and wanted to come here again!  We made a reservation and were promptly seated on a Saturday night - it was bustling but everything came out without a hitch!  We ordered a bottle of wine and some charcuterie and chicken liver to go with it.  The chicken liver here is to die for!!!  Because I'm obsessed with all things duck, I got the duck confit.  It was perfectly prepared.  Not dry at all.  Absolutely delicious!  My husband got the steak frites.  Perfectly cooked medium rare and yummy frites!  There was a little wine left over so we opted for the chocolate mousse.  It was a perfect pairing.  Again, everything about the evening was awesome - including the service.  This is staying on my short list for my next NY trip!
