#NAME#Luzzos La Pizza Napoletana
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/luzzos-la-pizza-napoletana-new-york-10?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came here to get one pizza since we wanted to pizza hop. Got the bufala pizza. Wow, the dough here really stood out. I tend to think what takes a pizza from good to amazing is it's dough. The dough here you could tell was cooked differently. The bottom of the pizza had more air pockets, clearly getting cooked more at a higher temperature. The top is a bit more smooth with the sauce seeping into the dough. And then the middle was not fully cooked, giving it a much mushier texture. Combining all of those....omg so good. Loved eating every piece of the pizza, from the tip to the crust. The bufala pizza is kind of just a margarita pizza with very fresh and high quality ingredients. Really helps you focus on the quality of the dough.Probably my favorite napoletana pizza in the city, and right up there with Roberta's as my favorite pizza in the city.
#REVIEW#Came here to quench a hankering of neo style pizza and was definitely satisfied.  I had the ripeno and my girl had the white pizza with the sausage and broccoli rabe, we also shared the arugula salad with goat cheese and artichoke.  Everything was prepared beautifully and more importantly tasted excellent.  In particular the broccoli rabe was cooked perfectly without a hint of bitterness.  My spicy salami pieces were crisp and but not overtly burnt and the sauce on my pizza was divine.  If there was one problematic point it was the middle of the pizza which most neo style pizzas have.  Some are turned off by the soggy middle which is understandable but I see it as an acceptable trade off for the texture of the toppings and crust on the outside.Service was great, water was never lacking and our waiter gave my girl a tasting of wine she was on the fence on (she ended up passing and getting a different one). After the salad, two 12" pies and 3 glasses of wine the damage was about $96.  A little high for a pizza and wine but we both were craving neo pizza and they were on the money in execution
#REVIEW#Ok Luzzos I see you. This pizza was incredible! The food was ahmazzzzinnnggggg.Service lacked at times hence 4 stars. It's an nyc staple for a reason!
#REVIEW#Saw this place on IG so I had to come, got the gnocchi sandwich and it was delicious! Definitely plan to share because the portion was bigger than anticipated. 12/10 recommend
#REVIEW#Horrible,The worst pizza @ Manhattan .  Ham smell bad, pizza was really small, 1 pizza is 24 dolla
#REVIEW#All the pizzas at Luzzo's have one thing in common - a thin bread-like crust that's crispy on the outside and airy on the inside, and I'm a fan!It seems like this restaurant is pretty packed on weekend nights so my friends and I came here in the afternoon on a Sunday. It was surprisingly empty and the eight of us were able to snatch the long table at the back.Bufala E Proscuitto is an excellent starter. It's a classic dish with delicious and creamy mozzarella paired with proscuitto and a rocket salad with a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil. We ordered three pies to share. The #1 Bufala is a must. It uses mozzarella di bufala which is one of the most delicious types of mozaarella you can find from Italy. We had some meat lovers in the group and they were pretty satisfied with the #6 Salsiccia and #12 Martha. The Salsiccia comes with sausage and the Martha comes with mushrooms and proscuitto. I enjoyed all three pieces and I really liked the pizza crusts as much as the toppings. The crust is chewy but light and crispy and a great flavor.Pro tip: If you're table doesn't have one make sure you ask for some chili infused olive oil. It's so good to dip with the crust edges!We also tried of the pastas - Pappardelle with speck, porcini and truffle oil. I recommend getting this to share. The pappardelle is cooked al dented and the sauce is super rich and creamy. The truffle oil isn't overpowering and the mushroom flavor is so strong, yum!Overall, a really solid and quality place for casual Italian food, not just pizzas. I'll be back for more.
#REVIEW#First pizza I had in NY! I got two pizzas(one is enough for one person) anchovy pizza and roasted garlic pizza. Both were very good, super thin crust, perfect amount of bitterness from the burntness. Great first pie in NY! The guys working there were very kind, attentive, and authentic.
#REVIEW#Very good Italian Food!!Quadrata pizza my favorite!!very friendly and attentive service.I will be back many many many times!!!
#REVIEW#Great hole in the wall coal fired pizza. Loved it. Had a magherita pizza and doused it in their hot chili oil.  The crust was so crunchy, but the dough was still delightfully light, with a little chewy.
#REVIEW#Had the gnocchi sandwich special with the 4 cheese sauce, carb central but exceptional! Great wine selection too.
#REVIEW#Was my favorite pizza in NY.  Now just a shell of what it was.  No alcohol license ?  Really ? Pizza still edible, but what is this high school Thursday pizza day ?  Common.Vibe isn't right either.  Something has changed (owners, head cook, management ?), either way this change ain't no good.  They better get their s**t together - fast.
#REVIEW#I wanted to really like the pizza in the place but it wasn't so.  I came in around 5ish and there was almost nobody there (bad sign).   So got the recommended pizza from the waitress and it... just wasn't that good.   Compared to other coal fired places, I would pick Lombardi.     If I wanted non-coal fired, John's is still one of the best for me.
#REVIEW#We come here every time we are in New York. It is never that busy (which is just INSANE, it should be packed!) and such a hidden gem! The food is incredible! My Mom makes homemade Italian food, so we are very picky...and it NEVER disappoints! The service was impeccable and the owner was fantastic! They have their liquor license back and the wine went so well with the dinner! You must RUN to this place if you want authentic Italian! Pizza is light and airy with the most delicious crust ever and the Bolognese sauce tastes like my Mom was in the kitchen cooking! Well done Luzzo's, well done! See you next year!
#REVIEW#ordered the wrong thing here. Placed my order based on the first image or something rather than swiping through. totally on me for not checking. The reason I am giving such a low raising is because of how horrible the hostess reacted when I asked her if I had ordered the wrong thing. She was extremely rude and dismissive. When I mentioned that i was mislead slay the images she simply said whatever that's what you ordered. When i mentioned that I was mislead by the images she kept saying well this what you ordered you can't do anything about it. Which again totally understand but not the way to treat anyone.
#REVIEW#Luzzos has some killer Neapolitan style pizza. We had the Martha pie which is a white pizza with truffle pate, prosciutto, mozzarella, and basil. I liked that the prosciutto was not recooked and served cold on top of the baked pizza. The dough was outstanding. I think the dough was aged a little longer than most. It was a little more airy and charred very well. There were  few air pockets around. The pie was about $20. Service was quick and polite.
#REVIEW#I love this place so much! I moved out of the city a few years ago and missed this place so much that it was on my list of a few restaurants to hit on one of my first trips back. I brought my partner, who has had to hear me praise nyc pizza for 2 years and just didn't get it. Well, she does now! She said she wanted the number of the restaurant just so she can call when we get back to Hawaii to tell them she misses them! The Caesar salad was great (I hate an overly creamy dressing) and the pizza was just perfect. The decor is cheesy but cute. Our only complaint was how dirty the floors were. But that wouldn't deter me from coming back on my next trip!
#REVIEW#Great pizza! I've had slices from them before at the Gansevoort Market, but nothing beats getting to sit down and have a full pie. My boyfriend and I shared the bufala and easily finished it. It's all about that mozzarella! The Caesar salad wasn't too special but it was fine.
#REVIEW#With all of Luzzo's hype I was a bit surprised to find the location a bit inconspicuous.The red and gold facade and awning looked like it could be any mediocre eatery in New York. This fine mask provides a fortress for an in fact humble but peaceful spot.   Time seemed to pass a little slower here, solo diners lingered at the bar.It's an all wood east coast pizzeria setting with basic authentic Italian.  A handsome young Italian man seemed to be the main player on the floor, easy to talk to and kind.  When we asked why the photographs were upside down by our booth he said that when they opened the space everything was upside down.  I guess, a mess.If you looked up in the ceiling there was a chair and a table mounted up there to create an upside down living room.  Those cute and crazy Italians.I had suggested this place for a casual date trying to avoid anything too expensive, but even my friend from Raleigh was a bit bewildered with sticker shock by the $18 and up single serving pizzas.  The appetizers were mostly in the $10 range so I got calamari, over meatballs or eggplant parmigiana.   The salsciccia pizza came out first with that wonderful thin slightly crispy crust that you associate with Napolitano style.  The toppings are light as it is in Italy.  I remember being shocked once in Italy when I ordered a stagione, the seasons, which came with exactly one piece of ham, one olive etc.   This reeling in of the ingredients is what you call balance.   The pizza was great, definitely worth $18 and shareable.The calamari came out much later, but was simple, and a large portion, with tender fresh calamari which I honestly couldn't tell from the batter if they had been frozen.  The calamari itself didn't taste frozen but fresh, plump and good.  They looked too perfect an tasted a little basic, but again that's Italian too.  The serving was enormous.  The young Luzzo man commandeered the dining room like a well rehearsed Italian family event.  He was charming and approachable, and did I mention good looking?  Signore Luzzo made up for the not so friendly latin American waiter.Wines were solid with Italian varietals in the $11 and up range. Besides the pizza being wonderful, you can really relax here.  The space feels simple homey and liveable.  We went early and made a reservation.  You should do the same, you should have plenty of space and time to linger before 6pm during the week.  Give yourself 2 hours.Probably my favorite pizza in New York City.
#REVIEW#My friends and I came here for dinner when they were in town. My husband and I were jazzed to eat here because it's on our pizza tour of NYC. The restaurant is decorated like an old school Italian restaurant: red checkered table cloths, brick walls, old wooden chairs, etc. We started with the buratta, the meat balls, and the fried calamari. The meatballs were a hit. Great flavor in the sauce and well made meatballs. The buratta wasn't the best quality. It didn't have great buratta flavor and the outer layer was a bit tough. The fried calamari was just okay and we didn't end up finishing it. We ordered 1 large pie and 3 small pies for 5 people and had a bit leftover. The pizzas were outstanding. The dough was soft and had incredible flavor. The sauce was delicious and very fresh mozzarella was used. The margherita pizza was absolutely amazing and the margherita with roasted garlic was out of this world. My friends loved the pizza with sausage and olives and the pizza with salami. These pizzas were seriously on point.When we went to the restaurant, they had just lost their liquor license and we were not aware of this before arriving. They did let us know before we sat down however just to make sure we wanted to stay. We also couldn't BYO because they weren't licensed for that either. I"m not sure what the story is with that or if they are getting back but just a heads up before you go.
#REVIEW#Luzzo's is great Italian food, super straightforward and done really well.I went with a friend and we shared the gnocchi & tartufo 12 inch pie. Prices are reasonable and portions are good but we could have definitely ordered another pie (we were still a little hungry but opted out to order more).Super causal atmosphere with wooden booths, reliable and friendly service, helps make this an enjoyable place to visit.Brick oven Napoleon style pies with homemade pasta options too...this place it's a win win in my book.
