#NAME#Aquavit
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/aquavit-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#scandinavian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#A subliminal experience from beginning to end. Incomparable culinary creations, impeccable service, classy ambience...and very high prices to match all this. We were seated in the lounge while waiting for our table, in very nice high chairs, and offered house made aquavit. The dinner that followed was nothing short of spectacular. Every dish was a culinary adventure, and the service was impeccable.We had the seasonal menu, added a cheese selection, Bird's Nest dessert. And the horseradish aquavit, wine, glögg, and coffee as for beverages.It was not cheap at $446 total, but worth it still.
#REVIEW#I cannot even begin to express my utter disappointment with this sorry excuse for a restaurant, not to mention a so-called two michelin star restaurant. Compare this to Per Se, Eleven Madison Park, or any of the fine establishments that I have been to and this place cannot hold a candle to the other amazing places to eat around NYC. Let's start with the dress code. I called in to the restaurant the morning of our reservation to enquire about what we should wear and was told no jeans, no sneakers, and dress shoes and shirt required. My brother came in from out of town and we had to go out to buy him a pair of dress shoes just for the dinner. But...lo and behold...customers all around us were in sneakers, jeans, and polos. So if you're planning to go, seriously free feel to wear whatever you like. Let's move on to the front desk. My wife and I arrived earlier than the rest of my family. No one offered to take our coats, seat us at the table, or even offer us a drink at the bar. While I wouldn't care if this was just regular dining establishment, I expect far better service from a restaurant that charges a MINIMUM of $150-200/person. Nevertheless, we finally were seated and offered sparkling or still water. I asked for good old regular NY tap water as I do at all of the michelin star restaurants that I have been to and have never been denied. However, at this ridiculous restaurant, they insisted I get bottled water. Again, this is not a problem at per se, jean georges, joel robuchon, french laundry...but at this place apparently tap water is below them. My father also had trouble reading the menu and so he turned on his cell phone light to read the items on the list. He was immediately scolded and ordered to turn it off. I presume this was to avoid bothering the other guests, but a) it was extremely rude and b) no alternative light source was offered. When we requested an alternative source of light the stupid waiter just pushed the tiny candle towards my father which was little to no help. Honestly I was shocked and appalled. I demanded a second candle for him or to at least read off the menu items which he did so begrudgingly. My father shouldn't have to apologize for his poor vision and the ridiculously poor lighting and it is the job of (once again) a two michelin-star restaurant to provide better service and accommodate their guests. If I were to go to the Olive Garden down the road I'm sure i would get better service.With respect to the food, I will try to be more fair. Many of the dishes on the seasonal tasting menu were inventive and well-plated. For that I give my kudos to the chef and kitchen staff. However, I personally wasn't a fan of some of the "fishier" dishes like the herring or cod but I understand that it may just not work with my palate. I have already belabored my point enough about this restaurant and its service. I cannot in any way rationalize how this place garnered a two michelin star rating given my experience but either way save your money and go somewhere else. Don't be fooled by the fact that you can easily get a reservation same day as there is a very good reason for that and if you are set on trying it, at least keep on the look out for a groupon deal which I recently noticed was soon-to-be-available.
#REVIEW#I picked this restaurant primarily because it was very close to our hotel; it has 2 Michelin stars, so that as a good indicator that the food would be to a high standard. Since my guest and I had to catch a show at the Met Opera, we opted for the 3 course meal. In all honesty if I had to pick my courses again I would've chosen what my guest had (stating this laughingly). As this was our first time here, I wanted to see the specrum of the dishes offered to get a feel of the Nordic cuisine displayed here.The food itself seemed to be overly seasoned/pickled; I'm not sure if that is supposed to authentically represent Nordic cuisine but to my palette it seemed that way. The best way I would describe our dishes was that the plates were beautifully presented and aggressive in flavor. I myself chose the foie gras (red currant, grilled cream, almond), sea bass (morels, cauliflower, rye), and chocolate (malt, banana, walnuts). My guest had the egg (truffle, hazelnut, potato), duck (leek, onion, black garlic), and citrus (bergamot, ginger, kumquat). Along with our meal we had non-alcoholic grape juice selections that were quite excellent.Like I stated earlier, the plating and service are immaculate here. I just can't bring myself to rate this 5 stars as I never had a complete "wow" factor while dining here. The particular high point was my guest's duck dish; it was unbelievably moist and executed perfectly. One of the staff explained that it was cooked with an initially cold pan with a low temperature. Of course, the textures and temperatures of every other dish were well orchestrated but I think if some nuances in subtlety in flavor were brought into each dish it would make the courses lighter and more enjoyable.I would definitely come back here to try the full tasting menu when time is not a factor.
#REVIEW#Top Nordic restaurant in town. Two thumbs up. Absolutely gorgeous food, and good service.
#REVIEW#We had our company holiday party there and had a great time. Portions were a little on the small side but the food was good, the private room was spacious and very comfortable for our large group of guests.
#REVIEW#The chef's tasting menu here is such an exquisite culinary experience, with subtle and creative flavors! I'm a huge fan of anything torched or smoked, so of course loved the sea bass and oyster dishes. The highlight of the meal for us was their dessert course - arctic bird's nest. There are so many dimensions to this dish (texture, sweet/tartiness, temperature, fruity/milky flavors). The only minor thing to note is that if you do not like goat cheese, mention "goat and sheep's milk cheese", because we made a note to avoid goat cheese and was served sheep's milk cheese. Overall we had a great experience!
#REVIEW#Dining at Aquavit was truly a great experience. After embarking on a few vacations and traveling to try some Michelin Starred restaurants, I can definitely say that Aquavit has earned its standings.My table and I ordered the tasting menu and every single dish was extremely enjoyable. All the flavors and textures were layered perfectly as I would expect from a restaurant like this and they made all the root veggies extremely enjoyable--especially when paired with their protein such as perfectly cooked halibuts or a butter poached lobster.We also ordered 2 Aquavits and the wine pairing. All of the wines were well selected for the tasting menu--I was even impressed to see they snuck in a local wine, which I wouldn't expect from restaurant like this, but it was nevertheless very enjoyable. I really appreciated how Aquavit wasn't stuffy like many other higher end restaurants I've been to and it was just an overall comfortable dining experience.Out of many of the "higher end" restaurants that I went to, I really enjoyed Aquavit and appreciated something different from the common French and Italian cuisines.
#REVIEW#Aquavit has restored my faith in finer dining. I had gotten bored with the same flavors at many a restaurants. I came here for a lunch on a random Monday and was not prepared for the tsunami of flavors that was about to displace me. I started with the 7X beef. The combination of quail egg, horseradish, and löjrom roe created a cascade of emotions, mostly pure joy and utter satisfaction. Next up was the scintillating salmon burger, which I could not stop from swimming upstream towards my mouth. For dessert, I had their Arctic Bird's Nest which was as beautiful as it tasted. Each bite had a different splash of texture and high flying flavor.The space was immaculate and the service worthy of their two Michelin stars.
#REVIEW#This place came recommended by several people, so I thought I'd give it a try for a birthday dinner. Made a reservation for 6pm on a Friday night and it was relatively empty when we arrived. Most people started arriving around 7:30pm. We opted for the Chef's tasting menu (10 courses + 5 small bites).Compared to other spots in NYC, I think aquavit is one of the best michelin-starred restaurants in the city. Every dish was good and unique. And because it's Scandinavian, it holds a special place in my heart (I was born in Denmark... and they serve an amazing Danish rye bread here!!)I won't go into details for each dish but some of my favorites were:Caviar in cream: similar to an egg caviar, it was deliciousScallops: love how refreshing and fresh this course wasSquab: very unique dish and the flavors were well executedArctic Bird's nest: no wonder this is their specialty--the crispy texture of the nest and the ice cream "eggs".... amazingDishes that I thought were average...Oxtail and foie gras: I thought the foie gras was too overwhelming that it overpowered the oxtail flavorveal and sweetbread: the sweetbread was served in crumb form from dry ice. the veal was deep fried and very chewy like gum... not sure if I liked that, hahaIf this is your first time at Aquavit, I'd highly recommend going with the Chef's tasting menu because you really get to try the dishes that they're known for.
#REVIEW#I had the chef's tasting menu with reserve wine pairing.  For the tasting, you would get to have caviar, foie gras, king crab, venison, wagyu beef, squad, turbot and various types of desserts on top of the Arctic Bird's Nest dessert.  You may think it is not worth it to spend close to  $500 per person on dinner, but I think the experience is worth it. The only issue is that you may want to consider if you want to add the wine pairing, as they give you a relatively generous pour, and at the end of the tasting menu, you would have had finished a couple drinks.  So if you are a light weight drinker, you can get very tipsy.  However, the wine pairing does enhance every course.  And we did not only sample wine, we also sample sake, whiskey, etc. with some of the courses.  And for every drink, they would explain the origin and history of each drink.  I regret not taking pictures of each bottle as I would love to get some of them to add to my collection. Each course features a special presentation, for the foie gras with red beet, the foie gras is frozen using nitrogen, the temperature and texture are not how foie gras is usually served to me.  I like the king crab in apple broth, the crab meat was fresh and the taste of apple was delightful.   Another course that I liked was the caviar with elderberries.  The venison was definitely not my cup of tea, but it was good that I tried it to know that it is not the kind of meat I would like.  One of the courses had an odd/unconventional presentation - the squab, I was not sure why they placed the leg on the plate. In addition to the courses, I also enjoyed the amuse bouche and appetizers.  I was waiting all night for the Arctic Bird's Nest, the presentation was exactly like I saw in pictures, but the taste was not what I expected.  I ended up not liking it that much.  At the conclusion of your meal, you will be presented with a candy box where you could choose what mini sweet treats you would like to sample.  About 2 hours later, we left satisfied.
#REVIEW#Came here for a lunch with a client, so, no pictures :( We only had an hour so we opted for their 3-course lunch priced at $58. First was a lobster salad, second was pan-seared salmon, third was a chocolate dessert with lingonberry (hardly found outside of the Nordic countries). Their bread is outstanding and we also had a few amuse-bouche passed out that were delicious. Service was flawless. All of the plates were delivered to each person at the table simultaneously. The lady in the front remembered everyone's jackets. I will be back for their dinner service or their longer tasting menu for lunch.
#REVIEW#Took my husband here for our annual Christmas dinner and we were both blown away. The restaurant has a beautiful dining room, consisting of tables and some booths. We were seated in the booth section, and were brought drinks menus and water immediately. We settled on the seasonal tasting menu, which lay in the mid-range of prices at $155, between the prix fixe, and the longer tasting menu. The menu contained one meat dish (pork), which I asked them to adjust to a pescatarian dish, which they happily accommodated. The tasting menu then consisted of 5 courses, with additional little things thrown in. Everything was presented beautifully, and we really appreciated the little complimentary things that came out. All dishes were sensational, and I loved the chocolate tray that came at the end, in addition to the dessert. They also gave us little bags of breakfast bread to take home. Utterly delightful, and would love to return. Highly recommend for a splurge dinner, or just because.
#REVIEW#To celebrate my 100th review, I decided to try another one of NYC's Michelin star restaurants. Aquavit has two of those bad boys. Reserving a month out I arrived on a Wednesday night at 7:30pm with a party of 4. A friend and I arrived early and we were escorted to the bar to the wait for the rest of the party. The service and positivity of the place was probably the best I've seen in a long time. My friend and I tried a Singapore sling and snowmelt, two very well made drinks. The rest of our party arrived and we were seated. We all did the pre-fix which was a little pricey for a small three course. Little did we know that this place served so many additional complementary things. They initiated the food with comp trout roe bites which were phenomenal. Even their bread selection was extensive. For the appetizer I had the egg and a few of my friends had the foie gras. My fiancé tried the herring. All were good, but the foie gras was especially tasty. You can tell that duck is certainly their specialty. We were then given a pork loin mini slider to cleanse our palate. I had the bass as my entree, it was delicious. The cod was a little fishy, but the citrus flavors balanced that out. The duck on the other hand was again my favorite dish. Before desserts came out we were given another palate cleaner - a hibiscus soda cream bite. The desserts were good. We had the cheese plate and the chocolate with duck fat infused ice cream. A little salty, but very interesting for sure. At the end we were given another comp spread of various dessert bites including truffles, brittles, and more. Upon leaving they gave us a comp to go lemon cake. My initial thoughts of price went out the door, they literally just kept giving us things to eat. The value is phenomenal and our sever May was wonderful. I would 100% recommend this place, especially if looking for an incredible dining experience.
#REVIEW#Michelin stars are difficult to rate because the price is so disproportionately high.  The food was great and the wine pairing was also nice but one was enough to share between two people.  I did not enjoy the actual alcohol called Aquavit.  You get the two-Michelin star experience, fun and interesting food, very formal atmosphere with impeccable service and a take home goodie on the way out.  Whether it's worth the price is completely subjective, just depends on how much you are looking to spend.  We had fun but we're also fine with splurging for the night.
#REVIEW#Astonishing detailed service is one of the features. From the Allergy inquiry to customer time restriction, many detailed questions will be politely asked in order to provide a nice dining environment.To start, I had the sweetbread. I always love veal meat. Most restaurants choose to stew sweetbread. This place fries the sweetbread slightly, serves with grilled scallion and mayonnaise sauce.As for the main course, we tried cod, duck and Wagyu beef. Beef is my private recommendation. Although duck and cod are also nice choices, but I prefer dishes with strong flavor. The beef itself has a high quality. More importantly, blueberry jam and mayonnaise sauce(maybe mayonnaise, since it has a sweet and salty taste) are provided. These two sauces enhances the strong flavor in the beef. The desserts have great appearances. For example, "bird nest" and the chocolate cake are just made be like the scene in fairy tales. However, the tastes of them are really mediocre. Especially the chocolate cake, the strong bitter taste surpasses the sweet taste in the sorbet and cream.
#REVIEW#Rarer for cuisines other than french, japanese, or contemporary american to earn Michelin stars so I was excited to try such a famed Nordic establishment (first opened in 1987). Their service was impeccable. I've always believed the best service is warm and helpful but not overbearing. For example, you don't feel interrupted in your conversation with your dinner companions when they change flatware or glasses, almost just magically appears in front of you. No minute detail was missed. The extra level that Aquavit brought was the great conversation with our server and sommelier who suggested we try a little flight of their in-house aquavits. How could we refuse the experience of sampling aquavit at Aquavit? See photos to see which aquavits we selected. Additionally always exciting when the servers and somms are clearly passionate about the food and want to comment on the subtlety of a certain flavor in a dish or the notes in the wine without any pretension but rather with genuine appreciation. We opted for the Chef's Tasting and I'm so glad we did. We'd actually been watching the menu for Aquavit for a while and decided to make a reservation when each course on the menu truly excited us. Each dish had distinctive presentation (bird's nest dessert as many Yelpers have noted) and tasted better than it looked. The waygu is possibly the best waygu I've had (impressive, having tried many waygus in Tokyo & Kyoto). If you're not as familiar with Nordic cuisine, you may not like the bitter, acidic or vinegar flavors of some of the courses. For me none of those flavors were overpowering and actually complimented the dish. Tip: If you have certain ingredients you really dislike (goat cheese for me), you can request that they substitute a different dish or ingredient for that course. They were extremely accommodating. Note: Having now dined at many Michelins winners in NYC, I'll say the sweet spot is two-star Michelins. The three-stars are always exorbitant, disappointing and too pompous for my taste. The one-stars are where you can find surprising gems but are definitely hit or miss especially in regards to service. The two-stars are consistently amazing experiences and always places that I would go out of my way to revisit.
#REVIEW#Great food for a great price! I really enjoyed the authentic-tasting food. I'm rather new to Scandinavian food and my point of comparison is the meatballs at Ikea, but the food here really blew me away. I would definitely come back again. It also has two Michelin stars!The atmosphere is nice and classy - they have these dining chairs that are akin to a villain's chair in a James Bond movie that make the experience more fun. Lunch time is less crowded than dinner time and I was able to make a reservation an hour before, ignoring their website disclaimer that reservations should be made weeks in advance.
#REVIEW#This is my first time having Nordic/Scandinavian food. For the Chef's recommendation I feel like overall the taste profile of many dishes were tilted toward sour(pickled) and salty. I drank a lot of water because of this. The Squab is by far the best dishes (first is the leg, second is the breast I think). Soft, juicy and meaty. The Halibut fish dish had a balanced profile. The rose infused pickle in the crab dish/app was a very interesting taste. The first app dish with porched qual egg in the center was great, taste and texture. The bird nest, the desert, was a piece of art. Great service and atmosphere and everything.I deducted one star due to the over tilt of flavor profile that heavily tilted toward salty-pickled-sour in many dish. The cider we had at the beginning kind of making the sourness lasting through to 3-4 dishes. Also the herrings moose ice-cream sandwich was a bit too fishy+salty, probably to Asian like me. Overall, a very interesting and some what positive dining experience.
#REVIEW#True definition of perfection. The Valentine's day pre fix was really unforgettable. Every dish was so precise & elegant. The combinations of flavors were next level. We really enjoyed our meal & will certainly return for another great dining experience.
#REVIEW#Aquavit is one of my all time favorite restaurant! I first heard about the place from someone I used to work with. My boy friend at the time was Scandinavian so I thought it would be nice to go there. Yes, it is on the pricey side, but you don't need to have the chef tasting. You can sit by the bar and get the a la carte by the bar. Everything is delicious. From the swedish meatball to the smorgasbord, it is delicious. My boy friend and I were fighting over the pickled herring when we first went.If you decide to go for the chef tasting, bear in mind, you will be spending a good amount of coin. However, you are not only paying for the 13+ course meal, but also the experience. Being a picky eating pair, my boy friend and I were able to tell the waiter to exclude the things we did not eat. If I were to say something "negative" about this, it would probably be that the chef tasting is two hours long. Our reservation was at 7 pm. The chef tasting did not end until 9 pm and we were falling asleep. However, that is our personal problem since we are the type of people that are in bed by 9:30 pm. I can go on about how amazing this place is. The one sad thing is is that they no longer have the milk punch. It was this delicious elixir that they garnished with a dehydrated grapefruit dipped in meringue.
