#NAME#Danji
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/danji-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Danji is your contemporary Korean name. Space was relatively packed and seating was also limited.We got the baby Arugula salad, short rib stew, and spicy rice cake with sausage. Nothing was a miss. The salad was very refreshing to kick off the meal as it had fruits and nuts in the mix. The spicy rice cake was a special one as the rice cake was first deep fried (very crispy) before mixed with onion and sausage. The dish went really well with the greek yogurt on top. Finally, there's the short rib. The short rib was obviously cooked long hours and went really long with stewed carrots and potato. Although the price was on the higher end, it was definitely worth it. Our drinks Tokyo drift and soju sangria were both very fruity and refreshing, I'd highly recommend both. The service was on par as it should.food 4.5/5ambiance 3.5/5value 3.5/5service 4/5
#REVIEW#Came here with two other people and ordered 4 dishes total (1 small, 2 medium, 1 large) which was the perfect amount of food. We ordered the tofu w ginger scallion dressing, mushroom japchae noodles, spicy korean chicken wings, and kimchi fried rice. The food was solid -- the tofu was probably the best dish out of the 4. The japchae was definitely too salty and the bulgolgi in it was a bit dry. If you're looking for a nicer meal, and in the mood for Korean-fusion, this is a pretty decent choice. It is definitely overpriced, though, so I wouldn't frequent it. While there are certainly better options for traditional Korean food, the twist on some of the dishes makes this spot worth a visit. Overall a good dining experience in a convenient location.
#REVIEW#We had a great experience from start to finish.We chose the tasting menu. At $55/person it's not cheap, but the dishes were beautifully prepared and sequenced. The portions were generous. Everything was delicious -- even the things we wouldn't normally have ordered. The waitstaff was flawless. Each course came not on their schedule but ours, yet always seemed as if perfectly timed with the kitchen. Terrific dining experience.
#REVIEW#Considering how I am a Korean, paying $20 for bibimbap made me cringe a little inside. Although delicious, I will say... don't eat here if you are expecting an authentic Korean food. I definitely felt that it was fushion-ized. FOOD:I ordered Spicy Pork Belly Bibimbap ($17) and paid additional $3 for chul-sot because I really like how crispy the rice gets when bibimbap is served in a stone bowl. I have to say, they nailed the art of crispy rice. I have tried making this at home and I am ashamed to say that I have failed despite learning how to do it from my mom (it's not easy to get that crispy rice without burning them). Danji did a great job, I did not get any burnt rice in my bowl. Flavor of the Spicy Pork Belly was great but a bit salty. SERVICE:I didn't notice anything special. They were friendly and punctual.AMBIANCE/DECORATION:Very cute and almost minimalist decorations. However, it is a very small restaurant... I felt almost claustrophobic in there. PRICE:Well, you know me, I had a hard time admitting that bibimbap is $20 but I felt that the overall dish was delicious. I saw the dinner menu and noticed that it was even more expensive so I doubt I will be going there for dinner.
#REVIEW#We had just watched a show and were looking for something to eat. It was around 11 pm. Love Korean food so why not?! We weren't that hungry so we got two dishes. The bulgogi beef sliders ( I was tempted to have the noodle dish with bulgogi but after reading the reviews was glad I didn't,). The sliders were great although o think a dash of lemon would have made them phenomenal! We also had the Korean kfc wings, which were great. The daikon that came with the wings was so good, I could have eaten a whole plate of them! The food came out really quickly which was great because I wanted to go to sleep! The food was a bit expensive but I guess that's what you get for being in Manhattan!
#REVIEW#Did the tasting menu (7 courses for $55) and it was outstanding. My favorite dish was the pork belly, followed by the toasted rice ice cream. I recommend making a reservation in advance - it was pretty crowded when we got there, though you might be able to just get a seat at the bar if you don't mind that. Service was great - waiters were very attentive and let me try some of the wine before I made a decision on which wine I wanted to order. A little pricey but otherwise great food! Try to come on a Sunday for half off all bottles of wine (doesn't include sake or Soju)
#REVIEW#Came on a Monday for dinner.Food:spicy pork belly sliders - I usually don't eat spicy food but decided to try this.  It wasn't overly spicy.  It was very good and I would definitely recommend if you are willing to spend $16 on 2 little patties.  bacon wet kimchi fried rice - It sounds very interesting but it didn't wow me at all.  Basically fried rice with kimchi and bacon.  Lots of seasoning... my mouth was very confused.  Oh and did I mention it's $24?  Hmm... not really sure if it's worth that much.Service: Nothing unusual.  They were courteous and seated us immediately.Price: You can definitely get something like this cheaper at other locations BUT I think it's reasonable for this location.  (It's near Broadway theater.)Note #1 : If you didn't make reservation they will make you sit at the bar table.  It's not roomy but there's a bag hook below the table so you can put your bags there!  And there's hooks on the wall for jackets.Note #2: If you sit at the bar area and close to the entrance, you will get VERY little AC.  I felt NO AC when I first came into the store but when I walked to the restroom (at the back) I felt a strong blast of AC there.  I wanted to get out immediately but the food looked so nice so I decided to stay.  Hopefully they can bring the AC to the front of the restaurant.
#REVIEW#Decent food but way overpricedAlthough the food was very tasty, I didn't find it worth the price.Wandered here on a rainy night, it's pretty inconspicuous place. Their menu is split into small, medium and large plates. Large is meant to be shared, small and medium for one person. Bartender recommended picking 2 smalls and 1 medium. There's also a $55 tasting menu offering 6 dishes but has to be 2 or more people. The bartender did they they can do it for 1.  I settled on the spicy yellowtail sashimi ($19) and the spicy pork belly sliders ($16). Sashimi you get 4 pieces, spiciness mainly from sriracha on the plate. Sliders means 2, while tasty, was a bit salty and pretty small. For 2 small plates with tax and tip my bill was over $40, and I left feeling still hungry. I should've gone with the tasting menu for what I paid for 2 dishes. There were 2 tourists who came in for just beers. After they paid their bill, I overheard remark "man that was expensive for just 2 beers"The atmosphere was more business casual and romantic. I wouldn't go back.
#REVIEW#Wow what a disappointment. I was so excited to eat at Danji after seeing the menu but this was by far the worst service from a hostess I've ever received in my 6 years in NYC. TLDR: Called restaurant and told them we would be 15 minutes late. When we showed up, the waitress told us we had 40 minutes left for our table because their reservations are usually "only an hour and sometimes an hour and a half". They then tried to not give us our table and rushed us our entire dinner.----Our broadway show ran later than expected so we were going to be 15 minutes late for our 6pm reservation. I called as soon as the show finished to let them know and the hostess was fine with it. When we showed up at 6:20, she was not happy that we ended up being 20 minutes late instead of 15 minutes and told us that we had 40 minutes left at our table because they had another party coming at 7pm.I asked if their tables are usually only 1 hour long and she said "yes, our table reservations are usually around an hour, sometimes an hour and a half" - which, of course, is a total lie. I'd like to know how a once-former Michelin star restaurant expects their guests to order, eat, drink, and pay all in under an hour. The hostess then came back a minute later and said "okay the bar will be ready for you in 5 minutes" and wouldn't give us the table until I asked again about it. Finally, we were seated and then we were told we had an hour 15 to an hour 30.We ordered our food and all four dishes came rushing out in under 10 minutes - wow what a record for New York City. It was clear they wanted us to finish as soon as we can so we can leave. During the rush, they carelessly messed up and gave us the wrong dish as well. I completely recognize that we were late for our reservation, but that doesn't warrant a 40 minute table restriction, an attempt to switch us to sitting at the bar, and making us feel rushed the entire meal. Our waiter and waitress were nice and tried their best (+1 star) and I understand working at a restaurant can be difficult. I just wish that the situation was handled more gracefully by the hostess seeing how the food at Danji is definitely not cheap.
#REVIEW#Restaurant Week Winter 2019 Review.With RW starting on a holiday/MLK Day, I thought it'd be a great day to dine out - despite the blistering cold temperatures outside, and Danji seemed like a equidistant place from me and a friend I was meeting. Armed with my massive parka, I braved the elements...and my heart sort of sank when I arrived to see that the staff and many patrons were still wearing their coats...inside the restaurant.Yup...heating issues. But we were already there, already 7:30, and already hungry and cold.  The service was fairly attentive, but not super helpful when it came to suggestions or recommendations. We ended up choosing:Apps:spicy 'k.f.c' korean fire chicken wings (d'artagnan organic chicken, peanuts,  cilantro & pickled daikon) - the tang/spice was alright, and I liked the peanut-sprinkling, but the wings are pretty heavy on the breading and a wee bit light on the meat/size. bulgogi beef slider w spicy pickled cucumber & scallion salsa - the flavor was there, but again, wished there was a bit more substances on the beef front to justify the size of the slider bun. But tasty.Mains:kimchi bacon wet fried rice with soft scrambled egg, bossam gravy - my friend got this...and, well, it seemed a bit underwhelming. bits of bacon in rice with some kimchi and some egg on top. Oh, and this was brought out about 4 mins before my dish was due to appear. Not awkward...spicy soft tofu stew w. seafood 'busan bouillabaise' - I was freezing (and a little schvitzy from the wings, so then doubly cold), so I had to go for this. It was served up hot (thank god) and hearty - good amount of tofu with a moderate amount of seafood (primarily shrimp).Dessert:Ice Cream! ...lol, I sh*t you not. The only option. That said, I did sample some of the black sesame, because...when ice cream is in front of me...primal instincts take over.  It was fine...but really not the evening to really enjoy it.Do I think I could have like Danji more if I wasn't freezing most of the time? Perhaps. Some of the food was rather tasty, but there were several misses too and left just feeling cheated.
#REVIEW#My friend and I came for Sunday brunch as part of NY restaurant week and both really enjoyed the experience. The food and sangrias were tasty and the service was frequent and friendly. We'll definitely be back to try the non-Restaurant week menu as well.We ordered the tofu w/ ginger scallion dressing and homemade vegetable dumplings as appetizers, and each had bibimbaps for the entree. We thought the food was flavorful and had plenty of texture especially the crispy rice for the bibimbaps. The only con that I can think of is that we were originally seated at the communal table which was a bit of a tight fit. We were moved to a table upon asking, and the longer communal tables could be good for groups.
#REVIEW#They are a tapas style Korean restaurant, and you can order a la carte or go for the tasting menu. Because it was our first time, we opted for the tasting menu for 3 people.The outstanding dish was the Danji braised black angus short rib. The meat really melts in your mouth and the flavor is outstanding. I still dream about the dish from time to time. This is a must-have when you come here.One item I would skip is the tofu with ginger scallion  dressing. The skin had a mochi-like texture which is not what I normally expect from tofu. I felt a little nauseous after eating it. The k.f.c. has a great sauce but the meat itself was a little too fatty. The other items on the tasting menu were good but wouldn't make a special trip to have them. The exceptional short rib is what will keep drawing me back though.
#REVIEW#Tried their restaurant week menu for lunch which is similar to their normal menu with fewer options. Got the spicy k.f.c wings and the poke dup bap. Wings were delicious with a good amount of spice! I really enjoyed that. The poke bowl was pretty standard but I did like the sauce they used. Portions are fair as well. We also made a reservation and I guess only the bar was available. However didn't look like the place was full and there were lots of empty tables while we were dining. Overall pretty decent place with intimate ambiance.
#REVIEW#Danji is a hole in the wall in Hells Kitchen, where you would never expect a Korean restaurant. The place is primarily made of communal high tops where the menu is hidden in the drawer. I enjoy the concept. Let's talk food. Don't expect Korean BBQ here, it's mostly bibimbap. This place reminds me of Her Name Is Han. It's the same type of simplicity done right. The food is good and so is the service. My only compliant is that the price point is a bit high for the amount of food that you receive. Overall I'll probably be back but not if I was starving that day. It's bougie Korean but in a good way. Note: I came here for lunch only.
#REVIEW#AMAZING pork belly sliders!***Locals A hip Korean restaurant in an unassuming location. Dark and loungey!***Travelers Restaurant week is a holiday for foodies! New York restaurant week is delicious for a value!***My Recommendation Pork belly sliders were amazingly juicy and plump! Caught myself licking my fingers. The short rib however was very dense with flavor but a little too overwhelming. Pear sorbet was refreshing after that meal.IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#Location: Danji is a small crowded place where without reservation it's hard to dine in. It's in the heart of Hell's Kitchen on the 52nd street. Food: had their beef slide, kfc chicken wings, and bacon wet fried rice. I would say, all of them are disappointed. One of the most obvious reason is that all dishes are too salty. ( I guess I should wine it up to balance it out ?)And because of the saltiness, lots of texture are gone. Service: bartender seems to be the only one actually care about customers. Very politely and tentative. But other waiters or waitresses are either arrogant or in a bad moodBased on the taste of the food, I rate Danji as 3 stars.
#REVIEW#Food wise I would have only given three stars - overall flavors were OK but they over spice everything - the extra star is for the ambience and service - both of which were great. I had the tasting menuSpicy yellowtail sashimi w. crispy potato flakes - this was probably my favorite - the texture of the fried daikon flakes went really well with the raw fish. tofu w. ginger scallion dressing - this was recommend by the waitress (when I was first looking at a la carte). Relative to expectations this was rather disappointing. It wasn't bad, but nothing really stood out other than the scallions which were very finely cut. The texture of the fried skin on the tofu was great but the sauce was way too salty, and tofu pieces relatively large so the middle parts had very little flavor. I also think they didn't spend enough time frying the tofu because the center was actually cold.Spicy k.f.c. korean fire chicken wings - flavor was fine but it was incredibly salty (wouldn't order if I was ordering a la carte)Bulgogi - could tell all the ingredients were super fresh, but it didn't taste any different from any other beef bulgogi you'd get at ktown (it was also too sweet for my taste)soy poached black cod w. spicy daikon, trio of kimchi, white rice - honestly the rice and kimchi trio tasted better than the cod. The cod was super tender but way too salty I ended up not eating most of it. The waitress was really sweet and offered to make me another one (hence the star for service)Ice cream - toasted rice(?) flavored. This was really good!They also refilled my wine without charge for apologies because of the cod, which was really kind of them.Overall, I think it's a decent place for a quick bite that's satisfactory, but it's not a place for a special meal by any means
#REVIEW#Korean Tapas - Amazing Gem in Hell's KitchenAs a resident of Hell's Kitchen and a lover of all forms of Asian cuisine, I'm always searching for innovative, less touristy restaurants in the neighborhood to try. In my experience, Korean food - particularly those found in K-town - seems to be segmented into two flavor profiles: traditional Korean and KBbq. Naturally, I was excited to see a more up-scale fusion-style Korean tapas restaurant in my neighborhood.I've been two Danji twice, and both experiences do not disappoint (I'd compare it to Method, a Japanese inspired fusion spot also in Hell's Kitchen). The flavors are authentic without being overly experimental or excessive. The dishes have nuanced flavor profiles - you can savor each bite as you eat your way down the tasting menu, aware of how much thought was put into the details of each dish. The location/interior is small but not necessarily claustrophobic. It's great for catching up with close friend or a date at the bar / small table. I wouldn't recommend it for large groups. I'll break this review down by the most memorable individual dishes I've tried and my thoughts on them. The first time, I did the tasting menu. The second time, I opted for a la carte.Soju: I've tried a few of the soju options on the menu, and I'd definitely recommend the peach soju. It packs a palatable (and rather potent) sweetness that accompanies Korean flavors nicely. If you can't stand sweet/fruity drinks, I'd probably suggest a dryer option. Sashimi with potato flakes: The sashimi is great, but I have mixed feelings about the potato flakes. It adds a nice saltiness, but it can be almost overwhelming (i.e. sashimi with a side of potato chips)Tofu with ginger scallion dressing: This might be my FAVORITE item - great taste and texture.Bulgogi Beef Slider: Another solid choice. Not exactly the most innovative dish, but the meat is delicate, tender, and juicy. Pork belly slider is also tasty.Probably skip: Ginger scallion pancake and "kfc" chicken wings. Both items are verge on being too oily and are not as creative as other dishes on the menu. You can probably skip them.Ice Cream: There's something about the ice cream's texture and almost savory flavor profile that makes it almost addicting. It's rich and has a stretchy, elastic-like quality that bends around your spoon. I don't quite recall what the flavor was (sesame?), but it was delicious.
#REVIEW#Not the most spacious spot but based on what I had for my first visit I'm pretty pleased by their flavoring. The cod roe in particular was light but impactful at the same time. After that as a starter, bimbimbap set menu is surprisingly hard to finish. Best to get reservations!
#REVIEW#Had such a good date night here and will bookmark this place to return! I was planning a date for my boyfriend and needed to find a dinner spot that was in Hell's Kitchen. This place came highly recommended. I was able to make a reservation for two on OpenTable and when we arrived, we were seated right away.I had done my research before and knew exactly what to order but there were other things that sounded just as delicious. If you're interested, I recommend Spicy Yellowtail, Bulgogi Beef Sliders, Korean Fried Chicken Wings, Hand Made Vegetable Dumplings, and Kimchi Bacon Spam Wet Rice.Everything was good but the best dishes hands down were the sliders, wings and the wet rice.  Just the rice alone would be worth a trip all the way to Hell's Kitchen!Anyway, try my recos and get ready to be full and cozy. Enjoy!
