#NAME#Shake Shack
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/shake-shack-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers,foodstands,icecream#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#We came to NYC and of course the trip wouldn't be complete without stopping at the OG Shake Shack. We told our cashier it was our first time and she went out of her way to give us all of her recommendations, and she did not disappoint. The burger was EVERYTHING! It was seriously one of the best hamburgers I have ever had. The fries were perfectly crispy and the cheese sauce was fantastic. The cookies and cream milkshake was thick and full of cream and cookies. It was definitely a staple. Also...get the lemonade...any of them. You won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#I love this Shake Shack. Not all Shake Shacks, but I love this particular Shake Shack. I love the absolute plethora of seating and they don't monitor it at all so it's up for grabs for any and all park goers. I love the little twinkle lights (everyone loves twinkle lights). I love that you just need to go 20 minutes before noon to beat the lunch rush. I love that the staff handed out samples of their milkshake when I got lunch there today. I love that you get a little beeper to know when your food is ready so you don't have too stand around the window waiting to hear your number. Love those crispy chicken bites with honey mustard sauce. I do not really love the burgers here (plz no hate mail) but I whole heartedly vouch for the chicken bites. Loveeeee that they serve alcohol and breakfast (not at the same time (I don't think...)) Love that they have GF and Veggie options for my diet restricted frands. Is it overpriced? Yeah. Can you get a better burger? For sure. But it's a great little place to eat lunch when the weather is nice. If you plan it right, you won't have to wait in the infamous line and you will get a table no matter how many people you are sitting with. Sometimes, when the weather is nice, THIS PARTICULAR Shake Shack will hit the spot.
#REVIEW#BRING BACK THE C LINE!When I'm in Madison Square Park on a nice day I like to get a beer from Shake Shack, which you used to get on the C Line, which was only for drinks and ice cream.Last time I was there they have done away with the C Line and now if you want a beer you have to wait in line for 45 minutes behind a bunch of tourists who have never been to Shake Shack and have no clue what they want to order.Way to ruin a good thing.
#REVIEW#Some of the workers are very helpful and nice.  Some of the workers are disgruntled.  I guess some just handle a ridiculous amount of people v well.  Today was the firsy nice day of the year (May, sun, cool breeze, high temp, jazz musician near by) so I went with a friend.  The wait was decent. There was an employee taking credit card orders only near the line. She didn't tell anyone she was taking orders.  I guess a non regular like me and other tourist will just have to wait.  Food was awesome and consistent with every other time i had shake shack.  I had the smoke shack single with cheese fries with extra cheese and creamscicle float.  Minus a star for forgetting my extra cheese which they charged me an extra dollar for.  Even with the crowd it was not hard to find a table.  At 140 PM i guess true lunch rush was over.  Overall I would recommend it.  It's a nice al fresco dining in the heart of Flatiron Midtown.
#REVIEW#Well the food is good the only problem is the way that food is given out. Waited for over five minutes after my little buzzer went off, when I inquired twice I was told it's being made right now meanwhile the drinks were actually sitting on top melting. It is pretty busy but it seems to me that they prioritize on burgers over just drinks because after about 20 minutes the drinks still had not been delivered. So it took about 25 minutes to get two custards which were given to me melted. I returned them and asked for new ones. In all it took about 35 minutes for the Shack attack custards. If I could give Zero stars that's what they would get for customer service.
#REVIEW#Love this place and spot with milkshakes and burger are my place to go. We got the top two most popular burgers. I had the original and the other had roasted red peppers which I almost thought were tomatoes. Didn't need fries the burgers were enough and the shake topped it off. The location is great as well and the have heated lamps
#REVIEW#I've been to quite a few Shake Shack's and often enjoy the simple yet satisfying menu and reasonable prices. This is the first time I ventured a try at the original, in NYC's Madison Square Park.  Located in the Flatiron, Madison Square is a modest-sized park that you can stroll completely through in a few minutes. On a chilly day, with a shorter line than the norm, I gave the original Shake Shack a shot. Unfortunately, I've had better at other Shake Shacks locations. I tried the Chicago-style hot dog; the look of the relish was frankly unappealing, and the hot dog itself was sliced in half and lukewarm; it needed more time on the griddle. Another miss was the shroom burger. A  concoction with a coated mushroom cap stuffed with cheese and deep fried, to me it didn't even taste good and it seems pretty far down on the health meter, more like bar food. It's worth a try to visit on a nice day for the novelty once, I suppose, but in the future I'm more likely to visit other locations and stick with the simple burger and fries.
#REVIEW#CHEESE FRIES. This is all. This is normally the only thing I get at Shake Shack, but c'mon they are the best! So crispy, and the sauce is so cheesy! Although pretty different, I rank them just about the level of the famous animal fries from In-N-Out. This particular spot gives justice to the name because it's really kind of a nice shack outside. 4 out of 5 stars because in the winter the outside-only seating is just the worst since the heaters either don't work or aren't strong enough.
#REVIEW#This is my favorite go to place. I've been here for few years and I walked to here more often than now when I used live in Manhattan. Food(3/5)- I wasn't sure I went to here wrong day because normally they made great burger and shake or French fried but not this time. I ordered two single shack burger, two vanilla shake, cheese bacon fried for to-go. I bring my dog with me and my dog was tired from outside all day so I decided just to-go. Burger tasted really salty for me and it was lacking flavor. I was a bit disappointed that. It wasn't busy time when I went to. There's some line but only few people. Shake was difficult to drinking but tasted great as before. Fried was little over cooked. But I know and as you know shake shack has a lot of locations but I personally thought this location was the best. That's why I gave 4star from my all of experience at this place. Service(5/5)- the cashier guy was really super kindly though. Some of staff was little rude but this guy was totally great attitude with smile all the time.  Also women was really kindly who gave me my foods. I thought the staffs were became really kindly than before. Ambience(5/5)- I was surprised they've changed something for winter. It romantic and you should try a date at here. I will definitely go back to this location again
#REVIEW#Got it delivered by Caviar today for dinner. Love their shrom burger and the chicken sandwich...super super yummy!!!!
#REVIEW#I used to go to this Shake Shack all the time when I lived in NYC and I remembered how GOOD it really was. However, revisiting it this time (after having been gone for 3 years) I'm sad to say that I couldn't give them 5 stars. Why? Well, I was there literally when they had the shortest line I've ever seen and my bacon cheese fries came out a bit sloppy. The curly fries were okay, not as great as before (many years ago) and the bacons tasted like more than a day old that had been repeatedly reheated. They were also super chewy. The tables were dirty like usuals, but I didn't care much for that since I carried Kleenex around and I could wipe it myself. But if the food tastes kinda off, yup, we have a problem! Luckily, their burger tasted the same. My chocolate shakes was super sweet though so I had to throw it away even half left. It was so wasteful, but I had no choice I had another place to be. So I really don't know what was going on that day. If it was the usual " super long line kinda day ", I would totally understand why. Oh well, this is still a great location. Super close to major subways and across the street is Eataly and of course, the famous flatiron building!
#REVIEW#Review below is only for their Shake Shack x EMP Winter House menu available only from 1/24-1/27/19: - Alpine Swiss Shack [$8.99]: Shack hamburger topped with all-natural applewood smoked bacon and Jasper Hill alpine-style cheese sauce. This burger is on the salty side - most likely from the cheese sauce and the bacon. The cheese sauce was very warm and liquid - perfect for dipping. This is good but I prefer the original shack burger. 3 STAR- Swiss-style Hot Chocolate [$3.49]: Shack dark chocolate blend with honey, almond + hazelnut and topped with a honey marshmallow. I definitely recommend the hot chocolate for this weather and I loved the honey almond blend with the marshmallow! 4 STARS
#REVIEW#First time in New York first time trying I got there all loaded hot dog which was amazing and then I found out they had a mushroom burger and I wish I would have tried that too didn't have time so next time I come by and we'll try the mushroom Burger I heard it's very good the food was awesome I wish you were more in the California area. Very busy need to expand to a bigger building.
#REVIEW#Although it was 12:30, the heart of lunchtime, I felt that the wait was excessive: 20 minutes to place an order for burger, fries, and iced tea. Then I had to wait for at least 30 minutes for the food order to be filled. However, the food is very decent and satisfying, absent salt and sugar ( in the tea.) I refused the small beeper for fear of germs.
#REVIEW#Only 3 because I ordered the HOT chicken sandwich or spicy chicken and just got a regular chicken sandwich.And the lady at the register said they definitely have it.ButIt was good! Really good. I never had a chicken sandwich from any shake shack so I was UN/pleasantly surprised And they were low on the fries *they have heat lamps above the order station which is awesome. There is barely a line in the winter... especially at night. I will go back for the proper sandwich.
#REVIEW#The original Shake Shack! Good basic burger, super friendly and helpful staff, fast orders and plenty of seating available!The joint is situated in Madison Square Park next to a fountain, with twinkle lights strung up, looking very picturesque. The line looked long but don't let it fool you, it moved very fast, and the crowd of people waiting for their food thinned quickly too. This is a really nice area to eat and people watch if you're not in a rush to work and stuff.
#REVIEW#Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.Have been hearing friends rave about Shake Shack since college, but never tried it and have always discounted it as just another burger-and-fries place... but noooo, Shake Shack has shook my world and I don't think I can ever eat another burger without comparing it to Shake Shack. Tonight's experience of eating the perfect cheesy portobello burger in the mist surrounded by the city nights of Madison Ave Park was amazing. There's no indoor seating unfortunately, but there are many tables outside to accommodate big and small parties.The burger bun was probably my favourite part - I wonder if it's potato bread? It was so soft and had a slight sweetness to it. There is currently only one vegetarian burger option - it's portobello and surrounded by a thick layer of crispy, breaded cheese. The Shack Sauce is reminds me of chipotle mayonnaise. The burger itself isn't very big, but sufficiently filling if you pair it with fries and maybe a milkshake. Not vegan or diet-friendly--you have been warned, but damnnnn you gotta try Shake Shack at least one time in the place where it all started!
#REVIEW#What can I possibly add? It's the OG location, where the line formation created a nyc thing call "people in line for food"; addiction of their heavenly MILK SHAKE! And of course their burgers. The bacon cheese fries. And most importantly... (not their custards... lol).... my love. The. Chickn. Shack. The Chickn Shack, crispy, crunchy bites, tangy and those dang mouth watering pickles. It just made the sandwich perfect, balance and worth every caloriesssss!  I also recently tried the spicy version... hot chick? Cute name! This version comes with spicy slaw! I enjoyed it very much - the texture was awesome. But my heart belongs to... Chickn Shack. My only disappointment is with the cleanliness of the self service bar and inconsistent mobile order packaging.  Visited a few times, spilled water, spilled ice, lack of straws, ketchup pumps didn't work, no ketchup packets and sometimes no napkins. I used to hit up the location in Penn Station and it was always immaculate. I guess the visual makes a difference. I'm a huge fan. Shake Shack has found a spot in my heart and tummy... call #junkfoodfridays or #junkeveryday!  Happy eating Yelpers!
#REVIEW#I love Shake Shack !! Their burgers are always cooked perfectly and taste Devine ! Don't forget to get their cheese fries and go on ahead and get the shake too !! :) :) This place won't disappoint !!
#REVIEW#I love shake shack so much. It's becoming an addition. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner.I usually get the shack burger with cheese fries on the side. The burger is so tender and all of the veggies on top are so crisp. The sauce is out of this world and the cheese is perfection. The crinkle cut fries always make my day.
