#NAME#La Sirene
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/la-sirene-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Heads up: It's an Amex/Cash only place (some sentiments attached there :))I absolutely loved the dinner at La Sirène! It's a cute little place ideal for a date or an intimate dinner. We received a very warm welcome from the hostess and were seated at a corner table for four even though we were just the two of us. The food was delicious - I liked the appetizers better than the entrees. We had the ravioli and goat cheese tart for apps, and the filet mignon and linguine for the main course. The little ravioli had very strong flavors of truffles and the tart was super rich and creamy - I liked it better. The filet mignon was perfect with the foie gras and the sauce adding a lot of flavors, however the linguine could've been better, it was very bland and dry. We also got the Profiteroles for dessert and it was delicious, but I might get something different next time.
#REVIEW#I want to start off by saying that the food was phenomenal-mine and my fiancé's. Just amazing. I had the filet and he had some kind of stew(too long of a name but it was awesome). Our dessert I don't know how to spell but it was the croque en bouche? Little pastries filled with delicious custard and it had caramel on top. So good. We each had a glass of the house bordeaux and it was nice. The service was okay. We were seated and sat there for almost 10 minutes before our waiter came over. It was just kind of odd because he walked over and said, have you decided yet? Not a hello how are you. Would you like something to drink. Here are the dinner specials(I don't know if there were any). And we waited almost an hour to eat. I guess my fiancé's entree took more time but I wish they had said that. Again the food was awesome I just wish the service was a little better.
#REVIEW#5 starsEverything we ordered was delicious. French onion  soup, was not salty at all.   The best was the escargot- flavorful and piping hot!Calamari salad was so soHangar steak cooked medium  but still very tender and full of flavorGnocchi was yummy , covered w cheese, tooped w truffle but yet not too salty.piping hotFrench rack of lamb was very juicy and tender, not too gamy
#REVIEW#Helloooooooooo 1000th review, so my ex took me here for my bday in March and there were a lot of things I loved about this place from the decor to the food to the service. They were short staffed the night we went but I really wouldn't have known since the service was still excellent. Fun fact: the restaurant is cash and Amex only, they only accept Amex as a credit card because Amex was the only company that gave the owner a chance to build his credit history, so as a thank you, he only accepts Amex. They opened in 2007 and that rule has not changed since they been in business.The food:Tartelette de Chèvre frais aux Echalotes, Truffes, Raisins confits et Voile de vieux Gruyère- Baked goat cheese tart with shallots, truffles, grape and a veil of Swiss age 180 days. This is one of their signature dishes and it was exceptional. This was my fav dish of the night and I am not even the biggest fan of goat cheese. I loved the goat cheese flavor and the tart portion was executed perfectly. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pâté de Campagne Maison- Homemade pâté de campagne with pickles and salad. Pate. This was just OK to me, the pate didn't really feel like a pate, it felt more like a sausage and that kinda bugged me. I wasn't crazy about how aggressive the mustard flavor was and the pearl onions made my face pucker because it was so sour. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Tournedos Rossini- Seared filet mignon topped with Foie Gras, shallots, port red wine, truffle sauce. The steak was great, I loved the pairing of a filet with foie but the dish does come off super rich and a tad on the salty side, but still a dish to get. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Gnocchi Parisian au Gratin- With Truffles, Mornay sauce and Swiss cheese. This was good, I enjoyed the flavor and it was really unique how soft the gnocchi was, it was like soft little pillows. This dish, as well, comes off on the rich side but this was rich and creamy. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Carré d'Agneau au Jus de Truffes- Frenched rack of lamb with white wine, rosemary and truffle au jus. I loved the texture and flavor of the lamb, I loved just about everything about this dish except for the fact that it came off salty to me, think it may have been the sauce. For me, the salt level on this dish was very noticeable. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Big Profiteroles- Made with bitter sweet dark chocolate. Nice dish to finish the meal with, it's a pretty big dessert so it's one to share. I enjoyed the dough and vanilla ice cream, the dark choc drizzle tied everything nicely. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
#REVIEW#* AMEX or Cash only. ATM outside. I've had La Sirene on this list for awhile and decided to finally give it a try. The s.o and I made a last minute reservation for a Wednesday evening. The service here was absolutely amazing. I think their names are Stephanie and Fabiano? Very courteous, attentive, and perfect. The server was friendly and welcoming. She checked on our tables at all the right times, kept us in check without being intrusive, and had the perfect amount of personable touch. This restaurant is not that big but they are affiliated with Taureau next door. They offer a good variety of options on the food menu and wine list. I was not loving the atmosphere and vibe in the restaurant. The ruckus was caused by other diners in the restaurant so that sort of ruined my first time experience. Diners at another table were being obnoxiously loud and I was slightly annoyed of it. I kind of was expecting a romantic, dim, fancy dinner upon arriving. Now, for the food. The appetizers were really good. The Escargot comes with actual tools to help you enjoy these snails. I had a lot of bread with this dish and it was so addictively good but I regret that at the end of the meal when I over stuffed myself with bread. My s.o and I agreed to each have an escargot to the face next time, sharing was not enough haha. The truffle ravioli were little ravioli served in a ramekin pot. It was a small portion, but the flavors were impeccable here. My s.o thought the seared foie gras had a little off burnt tase but I thought it was okay. The entrees were very disappointing. Not sure if the appetizers uplifted my expectations or what. The filet mignon was very dry and even all the sauces did not make it taste better. The seafood linguini was very ordinary and bland. Nothing really stood out about this dish and there was either not enough flavors or it was not on the portion I tasted. I only had like two bites of this dish. Either I will skip out on entrees next time or stick to the appetizers. (I find this happening to myself at most French cuisines. The appetizers always wow me then I wish I had skipped entrees.) The Banana Brulee dessert was delicious! I highly recommend you to save room for this dessert as part of your meal.
#REVIEW#La Sirene is a wonderful French restaurant. I've been here once with my siblings and then once again last night. Everything from food to service has been excellent! (Also, the people there speak French!)I've only been to 2 places in NYC which serve good French Onion Soup. This is one of them! It's very flavorful, with plenty of onions and melted cheese on top. The Goat Cheese Tart appetizer is also good! (They also have Ravioles de Royan here, which is on my to-try list.) As far as entrees go, both the butter Pan Seared Hanger Steak and Braised Rabbit Dijon a la Creme (from the Restaurant Week menu) were delicious. The steak was melt-in-your-mouth tender and the rabbit was moist with a delicious creamy white wine sauce. All the flavors were great. Their entrees are served with a nice side of assorted veggies for 2. My steak also came with a slice of potato gratin, which they executed very well. I don't really come to this part of town very often, but a good French dinner at La Sirene definitely gives me a great reason to!
#REVIEW#Firstly, we were greeted by such a welcoming hostess and waiter.  Seated immediately.  I cannot stop saying great things about this place.  Made last minute reservations because I was recommended by someone for the wonderful food and fondue.  Upon arrival (the latest reservation they would allow) I found out the fondue was next door, and it was too late to switch places.Ridiculously upset, I inhaled my glass of Malbec and proceeded to order some appetizers.  More wine please.We all decided it was late and skipped the entrees and ordered a bunch of appetizers, and lots of bread, and even more wine.*seared foie gras* magnifique! truly.  3 small bites, we ordered 2 of these for a party of 5.  *watermelon salad* extremely refreshing and delicious.*mixed green salad* also a refreshing and great salad.*steak tartar* not the best tartar I have come across, but it was still good, and accompanied by toasted bread and more mixed greens.*escargot* big shells, drenched in garlic and oil perfection.upon finishing these dishes, the waiter surprised me with a bowl of bread, and a pot of fondue.  I was ecstatic, the happiest woman in New York.  He was kind enough to go out of his way, as we mentioned I was flying out the next morning.  Food 5/5service 5/5If you're in the Soho area, this is a must try.
#REVIEW#Good French bistro food.Came here for restaurant week. I ordered the Paté de Campagne and the gnocchi with truffle cheese.The Paté was very good. It was clearly fresh. The flavors were not too irony. The texture was smooth but still robust enough to stick well to the baguette. The accompanying pearl onions and pickles did well to balance the savor of the Paté with a sweet and tangy flavor profile.I should not have ordered the truffle gnocchi. It's really not a French dish. There was no protein. It just wasn't well balanced. For what it was, gnocchi in cheese sauce, it was ok. The bechamel was a bit gritty/broken but still had a nice dairy flavor. The truffle flavor was generic truffle oil, which is to be expected in this setting. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't incredible. I'd like to try one of their more traditional French dishes.Overall I enjoyed this lunch. The service was excellent and the food was pretty good.
#REVIEW#*solely based on restaurant week experience*The food was ok, prices ok, space ok - hence the 3star. The restaurant was really tight - ie one step beyond cozy. It seemed like there was a lot of demand due to resto week but they packed everyone into two of the dining areas (there are three "rooms" of sorts). Kind of uncomfortable to eat when you feel cramped - not to mention all the winter gear everyone is sporting. I got the French onion soup, rabbit, and a banana brulee. The soup was alright, I realized I am not a fan of french onion soup but i think if i was i would have enjoyed. The rabbit was quite good but the portion size was very, very small. And i know its not supposed to be expected but they served it with rice but the portion of rice was literally the smallest i have ever had in my life (think three spoonfuls). The banana brulee was pretty good, kinda banana pudding-y but obviously more creamy. My friend got the pate as an appetizer which i think was a good start and the Cornish Hen which was actually quite good and a large portion to boot. Overall i don't think i would go again for resto week or even on a regular day..
#REVIEW#Viens dans ce petit restaurant!I came here and was blown away. For what the restaurant lacks in size it makes up in its authentic French food. First thing we had was the goat cheese tart and it was probably my favorite dish. It was tangy and creamy. Next was the French onion soup. I liked it, the onions were caramelized to perfections and there was a good cheese to bread to onion ratio. Following the appetizers, the cassoulet. It was the authentic rich stew with pieces of seasoned meat. Then the gnocchi, "The French Mac & Cheese." The sauce was thick and cheesy and the truffles on top curbed the thick, cheesy taste to a sharper, mature dish. Come to SoHo for this hidden gem!-zm
#REVIEW#One of the best kept secrets in town. It's literally a block from the Holland Tunnel and you'd walk on by if you didn't notice the dimly lit glass windows and the door with the "Only accepts AMEX, Crypto, checks and cash" accepted here signage.  This cozy French restaurant co-shares a space with a fondue place, so make sure you walk through the right entrance.  (It does connects inside but you can't tell from the doorway). It's neighborhood gem status is totally warranted given by the quality of food and attention to details.  It is quite popular despite the location and the blink and you missed it, facade.  It's back story is probably more known than the restaurant itself.  The chef shares his witty charm and history of how the restaurant came to be ... and do note, bitcoin is accepted but NOT Visa and Mastercard - so hilarious.  The full story is what makes you root for him that much more and I do wish him continued success. Friends, you need to dine here. You just have to!I'm a lover of French cuisine so there were quite a few stand out menu items -- too bad I couldn't try them all!  Some worth mentioning as I saw a few plates floating pass me during my dinner.  The Canard (duck), the escargot, the foie gras, and the steak (any) are a must try.  My favorite foodie friend I dined with started with the Tartelette de Chèvre Frais aux Echalotes, Truffes, Raisins Confits et Voile de Vieux Gruyère (Baked Goat Cheese Tart with Shallots, Truffles, Grapes, and a Veil of Aged Swiss) was excellent!  I sampled a bite as I really wanted to order this but had another appetizer in mind.  The tart was paired with a side salad, simple but balanced out the richness of the tart.  I ordered the Ravioles de Ryan au Comté (Little French Ravioli Stuffed with Comte Cheese in Truffle Cream Sauce). Very good, it was creamy (comte cheese rocks) and light at the same time.  The ravioli's were tiny and visually appealing.For entrees:  my friend had the Magret de Canard (Seared Moulard Duck Breast with Michigan Cranberry Glaze) - also excellent.  The duck was prepared perfectly.  It was accompanied with potatoes au gratin.  I ordered the Tournedos Rossini (Seared Filet Mignon topped with Foie Gras, Shallots, Port Red Wine and Truffle Sauce).  A wonderful combination of flavors.  That foie did not disappoint, it was a sizable piece which was a nice finishing touch on top of a gorgeous filet.  This was accompanied by a side of potatoes, sweet potatoes and a Mexican squash (chayote).  The potatoes were plain, barely worth a mention but i was surprised they served chayote.For dessert, we shared the Tarte Tatin, an upside down caramelized apple tart with vanilla ice cream.  Nothing special but still delicious.  A great dining experience overall.  I would totally return and bring more people - so I can try more dishes.  LOL
#REVIEW#ItTo quote my friend, the food is knock your socks off good. In other words, the food here is divine and so good.We came here for lunch during restaurant week.Appetizers:Beet salad - if you're beet fan, get this simple and deliciousHomemade pate - some of the best tasting pate I've eaten and comes with mustard and picklesEscargot - divine, the garlic sauce and olive oil, we cleaned this up including all of the delicious garlic gold (oil) with the breadMain dishSteak tartar - made do well and seasoned very nicely. Excellent dishPork loin - this was so tender, texture was more duck and paired nicely with the cranberry sauce that want not too sweet gnocchi - Mac and cheese style with truffle. Wow! The cheese and truffle made it the best gnocchi I've had. DessertBanana brulee - their take on brulee was well doneChocolate lava cake with creme and coconut sorbet - the chocolate oozes out and so pairs so perfectly with the cream and coconut sorbetEverything we ordered made so good.This is a  quality restaurant. And the venue was unassuming and not pretentiousThe menu was also really personal. The owner was actually talking to the paton. Explaining the history of the restaurant, his culinary background, and his motivations for the ingredientsWe were blown away by the food. We're definitely coming back with friends in the future!!!
#REVIEW#First time having escargots and was pleasantly surprised! The sauce is so freaking amazing that I dipped my bread in it and savored it for a good five mins. The octopus was okay, too soft for my liking. Pork tenderloin and hangar steak were both delicious! Zero complaints. The side veggies were simple but so so good. Really added extra flavors and textures to the entire meal.Overall a solid French spot near Soho with romantic flair.
#REVIEW#A friend and I came last night to celebrate her birthday and get in on the restaurant week goodness. We made reservations for 6:30 on a Monday, and were promptly seated at arrival. Our waiter introduced himself and gave us menus a few minutes later. He also brought bread and olive oil, which we enjoyed. Going off the restaurant week menu, I got the French onion soup, roast Cornish hen, and croque caramel. Our appetizers arrived, and much to my dismay, the French onion soup tasted burnt. I thought it was simply the cheese, but tasting just the broth/onions by themselves also had that bitter aftertaste of burnt food. I don't know what happened here. I asked my companion to try (just in case I was crazy) and she confirmed there was also definitely something burnt here. We informed the server, and he replaced it with the pâté, a choice that was well executed, though not memorably exceptional. The Cornish hen was very well done, even the breast was tender and moist. They cut it into 4 pieces to make it easier for the diner to deal with. The stuffing inside was also quite tasty, like a more veggie forward version of the traditional Thanksgiving stuff. The accompanying veggies for 2 were fine, but nothing that stood out. I also really wonder what they'd do for a solo diner, as they stated on the menu the veggies were per 2 people. Dessert met expectations, with my croque caramel being basically an individual portion of a croquembouche. The caramel shell was a bit tacky and the custard could have used more... something, but overall it was well executed. What really stole the show for me was the second dessert- the hostess brought it out after our bill was paid and apologized for not being able to bring our original desserts to wish my friend a happy birthday. The fact they went above and beyond in this way was special, considering we've both been slighted by some much more expensive places. Would I come again? Yeah, and they have mussels, one of my favorite dishes, so I might be back to try those for lunch. Was there one dish that I woke up this morning craving from last night? Sadly, not this round. I also think it'd be a bit more crowded than I'd care to experience on nights like Friday and Saturday, and as others have mentioned, it is quite a small space.
#REVIEW#I came here for dinner during restaurant week and ordered off of the restaurant week menu. I had the Ravioles de Royan, the Pan Seared Hanger Steak and the Banana Brûlée. The Ravioles was delicious. They were so cute and tiny and had a great truffle flavor. The hanger steak had a good flavor but could have been much more tender; good but nothing to write home about. The Banana Brûlée was sort of a cross between a crème brûlée and banana pudding. It was rich and flavorful but the caramelizad top was a little bit too sticky and stuck in my teeth which I have not experienced to this degree with any other creme brûlée. The service was excellent and while the restaurant was small it didn't feel crowded - but I wouldn't recommend going during a busy time without a reservation.
#REVIEW#We enjoyed an evening out with some of his friends who live in New York. They chose La Sirene and I found the setting to be cozy and very European. We had a lovely table by the window and chatted the night away.He got the lamb chops, which I tried and were delicious. Everyone else enjoyed their meals as well. If you want to be transported to France for a few hours, this is the spot to go.
#REVIEW#Four girls came to La Sirene for a birthday celebration and really to catch up on life. La Sirene is a French restaurant tucked super west and it was a super friendly staff that walked us through the menu and allowed us to chat the night away. I really came fro the pan fried foiegras which they did not have on the menu that night which made me super sad. Comparing it to the ultimate French menu that I absolutely love and miss from Paris, there were certain things that hit the spot for me which includes the escargot and French onion soup. Escargot garlic and olive oil was best paired with the bread! I wasn't a fan of the steak tartare in terms of the flavor pairing, the chicken was a little dry for my taste, gnocchi was super cheesy which wasn't a bad thing, and the steak was just on par. I would probably still return to have the pan fried foiegras when it comes back on the menu to give the restaurant another shot! The restaurant accepts cash or Amex only (because Amex helped the owner thrive and allowed him to create his business with no credit when relocating the America). This concept was beautiful and made us understand the story, great share!
#REVIEW#This place is absolutely wonderful! We started with the mussels. The sauce was quite light and although quite delicious,I thought it could have used a bit more garlic and butter. For main, the tenderloin with foie gras was fantastic. I can't wait to go back just for that. Finally we finished-off with the profiterole's and banana Bruleé... both wonderful! The ambiance is very warm and the service was very attentive/friendly. An added bonus is that they are BYOB all nights except Friday-Sunday. Highly recommended!
#REVIEW#I thought it would be a fancier restaurant, but it seemed like a tight family runned restaurant. The staff seemed unfriendly. Ordered a set of food for one person because we ate beforehand and the waiter questioned us as to why we didn't order more. Seemed like he was looking down on us because we couldn't afford more?? Really ashamed because we has high standards for this restaurant.
#REVIEW#I didn't realize I had such a gem near my job... I've walked passed here and didn't notice before...But was just explained they usually dont open for lunch and only during Restaurant Week they're open for lunch.  Around 5:20pm...Empty..But by 6:25pm a good amount of the space was already filled with people...6:45pm..Almost full house..The atmosphere is dim and dark, great for romantic dates. :) And when they start cooking...The creamy sauce will intoxicate you in the air...Even as you leave the restaurant...The menu provided was one of the most personable one I've ever had the pleasure of reading; it bares the soul of the owner, it has character! :) Makes you feel like someone you know opened the place...He really used that first intro page of the menu lolSampled from the restaurant week menu...I was seated, and provided with half a loaf of bread with olive oil after my order was placed.Their ravioli was highly recommended! It was fantastic!! The portion might seem super small but the taste is beyond it's size.The raviolis are super tinny, like the size of a piece of rectangular gum, surrounded in this light but very creamy sauce. And then the ravioli just kicks you in the mouth with its awesome flavor! The dish let's you tastes all the individual flavors and how they co-mingle, I loved it.The hanger steak cooked with garlic, lightly seasoned but perfectly paired to mingle with the four veggies...The flavor on the steak is light so those that love salt...You may want to add more. But you'll apparacite the quality of the meat, it didn't have me struggle like pieces of jerky with some bites in other restaurants.The dessert was a mix of the two different cream puffs:  caramel vs dark.chocolate. They were nice enough to let me mix one of each for dessert.Cream puff with vanilla cream filling, hardened caramel topped with powdered sugar... The hardened caramel on top had a hard candy feel that gave it a crunch with every bite.The dark chocolate one, had ice cream for filling and this pairs well with the whipped cream and mint. However, not my favorite...The pastry part of this one felt off.... I'd recommend the other one.And they gave the check with a lollypop lol..That's cute hahaha (watermelon flavor )FYI:*Amex and cash only was said soon as I walked in. *They actually have a wall space next to the hostess to hang your coats.*They check on you and explains the dish rather quickly but tells you everything about it. So listen carefully or ask for a repeat lolCon: If you come early when they first open, they're prepping the onions for the soup; because they have an open kitchen...Your eyes will get very sensitive like mine and tears may emerge besides the stinging discomfort.Side note:I don't know if there's a full moon tonight or cause this place is so close to Chinatown...This place became packed with Asians... Like more than half the restaurant...Felt abit weird for me...
