#NAME#Barn Joo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/barn-joo-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,bbq,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Pretty solid spot for fusion korean food in a nice environment. Came one day for lunch and tried a variety of their dishes with two friends. We left satisfied but not amazed.I was hoping to try their seafood pancake, but they were only serving items on their lunch menu, which is pretty limited in traditional korean options. The Tiger Roll was very average and had too much rice with little seafood. The Omurice again had too much rice and pretty little meat. The Bimbimbap was our favorite. There was a good amount of meat, and the portion was relatively large. We paid $4 to add on the egg souffle and potato croquette. Relative to the prices of other items on the menu, I'd say it's good value to do the $4 upgrade. If you're coming in a party of two, one order of the bimbimbap and the $4 upgrade should be enough for both people to share for lunch. Ranking and rating of what we tried:1. Bimbimbap (8.5/10)2. Duck tacos (8/10)3. Tiger roll (7.5/10)4. Omurice (7/10)
#REVIEW#HH is amazing and delicious here! The wait wasn't long as we didn't reserve a table in advance - we waited at the bar and ordered a drink to start off. I met up with a friend and we ordered the soy garlic KFC (korean fried chicken), garlic truffle fries, oysters, and bulgogi steamed buns. We ate so well and the portions are perfect! My friend enjoyed it as well and we managed to finish everything from our table! Our bill came out to be $45 and between 2 ppl, that is roughly about $25-$27 (with tip)! I was definitely full throughout the rest of my night. I'd recommend anyone to go!
#REVIEW#Last night I went there with my friends, This place is a BLAST!!! The foods were great, everyone in there were so nice!:) I really recommended truffle fries and Japchae! You should go there!!
#REVIEW#Not long after receiving an email article outlining NYC's best raw oyster spots, did fellow Elite Yelper & friend Lorianne W. suggest oysters for this evening's dinner plans.There were many options listed in the article, mainly within Manhattan and Brooklyn, but we were drawn to Barn Joo and I'm so glad we experienced this little gem. I almost don't want anyone else to know about it.There were two locations to choose from; we decided on Union Square where it was hopping and inviting. I arrived first and was seated immediately in the section where HH for food and drinks would be honored. Staff was very friendly and accommodating without the "all members of the party must be present to be seated" snooty attitude. Off to a great start.There were several menus--happy hour, special of the day, cocktail/wine and full Korean fare. We set our sights on the $1 oysters. The policy was 6 minimum but not more than 24 per table. Thankfully, since we were a party of 2, we devoured a dozen each.The oysters were amazing---ocean fresh, blue point, smooth and substantial. I think I could have eaten 24 all on my own. A wonderful Rose ($7) accompanied this start to a great meal. There were enough food selections on the happy hour menu to qualify as a satisfying meal.After we enjoyed the oysters, we shared a basket of truffle fries ($6) which were delicious and plentiful. We didn't stop there. The chicken wings caught our attention. At $8, there was the choice of hot and spicy, soy/garlic or citrus/salt. About 7 wings per serving.I loved how crispy my hot and spicy wings were with a hint of sweetness. Perfectly cooked. I passed on dessert but there were several to choose from including ice cream. Lorianne enjoyed a dulce  de leche variety. We walked out stuffed and happy with our newfound spot. I'm anxious to select food from their full menu next time.It should be mentioned that the atmosphere was quaint and adorable with various seating options including alfresco.At one point, the entire restaurant appeared to be entirely occupied.A Yelp check in offers a spin at their wheel of fortune (after 6 p.m. with dinner) for a chance to win a free drink or food item. One per table. We saved it for a future  visit.I highly recommend Barn Joo. It has so much to offer---great food, service, ambiance and overall, a fun spot.Make sure to check it out!
#REVIEW#On my day off, I went out with my girl friend for lunch. She already came to this restaurant for many times so she brought me here. The restaurant looks small from the outside but when I got in i was so impressed. There are many sections, different kind of table, full bar and very interesting interior. We came for lunch but we stayed until dinner, lol. I guess because of ambiance of the place is so relax and casual and we enjoyed so much with drinks.
#REVIEW#I'll start off by saying that the food was really delicious! I shared the popcorn chicken (pictured), calamari and the Tiger Roll. All three were delicious and I'd order again.However why the review is less than 5 is because of price and service. For the serving size, the price is hefty. Also they have a wheel in the front to spin for a prize. I won a pitcher of beer. Both the host and the server confirmed pitcher. When it was brought to the table, they instead brought a glass of beer. I told the man that I had won a pitcher, and he said that somebody by the wheel had misunderstood. Anyway, we weirdly shared a glass of beer. For a restaurant that was so expensive, giving us a pitcher of Sapporo would have been the move. Not sure if I'll return.
#REVIEW#My friends were craving some oysters, so I found Barn Joo, which had $1 happy hour oysters. Once we arrived, the hostess told us that happy hour (including the oysters) were at the bar only (even though I had been to their other location by K-town, and the specials applied at the table too, but whatever. I will let this go) The bar area was packed to the BRIM on a Friday evening, so there was no way we were getting that special. So we just grabbed a few drinks and then they sat us at our table, which we had made a reservation for. We didn't do the BBQ but decided to order a few dishes to share instead. Here is everything we had:Tuna Mayo Tartare (tuna, pickled radish, chives, mayonnaise, sesame oil, garlic bruschetta with honey drizzle) - this tastes better than it looks. I could have done with a bit less mayo, but it was a nice change from the typical sesame oil tartare you'd get everywhere elseKorean Pancake w Scallion - pretty standard, nothing to write home aboutUni Bibim Paella (rice on a sizzling hot stone plate topped with uni, cured shrimp, capelin roe, pickled radish, kimchi, quinoa, egg and seaweed puree) - this was probably my favorite. The rice at the bottom was crisp, like clay pot rice. There were also a lot of flavors going on, but in a good way.Braised Octopus (octopus, marble potatoes, black bean, shishito peppers, ginger, bean sprouts, gochujang chili sauce) - octopus was nice and tenderSeared Scallops (scallops, fresh corn, parmesan, sweet potato, zucchini, lemon aioli) - scallops could have been cooked for a few seconds less, but pretty good overall. I really liked the corn salad that came with itGalbi Steak aka NY Bites (marinated short rib, grilled lemon, kabochasquash, hemp seeds, butter sauteed mushrooms) - the steak was good but I feel like the star of the show here was the butter sauteed mushrooms. It was a little too much food for four ladies, but I'm glad we tried everything that we did. Now, if only we could have had some of those $1 oysters (triple the price for non-HH, which we did not feel like doing).
#REVIEW#I decided to come to this location out of the two ... because it was closer to where I was going later on but also because I'm a moon lover and they have a huge moon behind the bar where as the moon is located in the the dining area Luckily I came during happy hr .... and happy hr is EVERYDAY from 4-7!!! Awesomeness! This location was pretty nice ... inside was inviting ....I sat by the bar  ... but they have 2 levels for dining areas Staff was pretty nice and informative Drink was pretty good... I had the BEE LINE which included their house lavender infused vodka ...I also tried a few of the happy hr items ... the tiger roll and the soy and garlic korean wings which were pretty darn good I would like to come back and try their spicy pork or bulgogi They also have a wheel you can spin if you get an entree... it's too get a free item I'd come back  for sure
#REVIEW#I have dined at this establishment twice and the service is always impeccable. The staff are all very nice and accommodating. The food is AMAZING!!!! A Gem that I only take my most dearest of friends to. The restaurant is extremely large and I have never had to wait for a table with or without a reservation. I hope they stay open for years to come.
#REVIEW#Service: since we entered, we were greeted promptly and was guided to our table. I really thought that we were going to wait another 30-1 hour for a seat. Food: the oysters were TO DIE FOR! For $1 really? How cheap. We also ordered the fried tiger roll, that was my favorite thing on the menu. My least favorite was the seafood pancake, not enough green onion and too much dough. Not a fan! But I would definitely come here again for the service and food.
#REVIEW#- My favourite place for happy hour oysters, food, and drinks. - I've enjoyed everything I've ordered from here- The Tiger Roll, Truffle Fries, Popcorn Chicken, Beeline, Elder Fashioned are all amazing!- It gets very busy so either make a reservation or try get here early- Perfect for dates or a lunch/evening with friends- In the summertime they have outside seating and it's great place to grab a drink and just relax
#REVIEW#Food: 3.5/5Barn Joo serves great Asian fusion food during happy hour. I've been here a handful of times for dinner and for happy hour. I think their happy hour menu is better than their dinner/lunch menu. Barn Joo serves one of the best Korean chicken wings and truffle fries ever! Both are on the happy hour menu and it's cheaper during this time compared to dinner time. Their soy garlic wings are comparable/might be better than the famous Mad For Chicken. It's pure fried chicken perfection! Their truffle fries are also one of the best fries I've ever had. The tiger roll is pretty delicious as well. Cheap drinks, great bar food = great happy hour.Their regular dinner menu is just ok. I've had better food at traditional Korean restaurants. The Korean pancake from what I recall was oily/soggy and was lacked the crispness. It's not worth the $20-25. Their kimchi fried price was subpar too. I've had better elsewhere. Great bar/happy hour spot. Moderate/subpar for traditional Korean dinners. They have $1 oysters too but I don't recommend. Would be awesome if they gave you size options for the wings. Service: 4/5I had dinner a handful of times here and sat upstairs once. There was one time the service was just horrible. I literally had to go downstairs to make requests. I don't see that waitress around anymore. Maybe it was just her but I usually sit downstairs now and the staff members are very accommodating/friendly. I've never had a bad experience downstairs.Ambiance: 4/5Barn Joo is called Barn Joo for a reason. Lots of wood decor and it has a barn like feel. They have a wooden swing indoors which is pretty unique. Great spot to bring a date (not for dinner) or hang with friends. Fast casual.
#REVIEW#Okay, I am about to read off a lot of food. But there was six of us so no judging!!! Tacos (shrimp & pork), honey BBQ wings, Soju break, Korean scallion pancake, steamed buns (bulgogi & duck), second Soju break, tteok & cheese (pause for traditional gooey cheese photo), homemade pickles, pause for ?? Soju break, popcorn chicken, remember to check in on Yelp so you can spin the wheel and win an appetizer/drink/side/etc. Cheer when the wheel lands on truffle fries, cheer when truffle fries get to table, celebrate with Soju break.  We ordered two of the tacos and two of the steamed buns, both came with 3 in an order (this clearly wasn't our first rodeo) so everyone got to try a bit of everything. There were a few stand out performers: *Duck steamed buns - holy crap. These were basically the sweetest meat ever, on the softest bun ever. *tteok & cheese - rice gnocchi swimming in a pool of cheese. Need I go on? *scallion pancake- topped with bacon, it was one of my favorites. I vote family style small plates ALWAYS but you can't go wrong with your own dish either. Go have a sake bomb and a soft tasty sticky bun and you can just thank me later. And spin the wheel!!!
#REVIEW#This place recently renovated and reopened with a whole new menu that includes a Korean bbq option.Love their choices. So hard to choose because everything looks so good! Their tteok & cheese dish was delicious; it was like corn cheese with rice cakes, and they give you bread to dip. The bread was crunchy and went really well with the cheese. Their tiger rolls were amazing! I definitely recommend that. Silky tofu had so many toppings I can't even remember, but it was so fresh and tasty! Their Korean fried chicken was good but wasn't of anything special. I've also had their truffle fries (another recommendation!), uni bibimbap (the fishy taste was too strong), and tteokbokgi (delicious but nothing special).Definitely want to go back and try some more, including their bbq.
#REVIEW#I think for the price the bibimbap I ordered was pretty underwhelming in flavor. It was filling to eat but there was rlly nothing that special except that it looks rlly amazing in the pictures. However, the side dishes like the truffle fries was really good! I don't think I would go back to order though since everything is pretty $$$ and you can get the same thing for cheaper and better tasting somewhere else. The service was good though, despite what some of these reviews say!
#REVIEW#your typical Korean fusion restaurant! But it's still v good!! THE TRUFFLES FRIES 10/10 holy crap these were a game changer. Come during lunch bc the sets are a LOT of food for the $ you're paying. A friend and I got the omurice (really good but would get without salsa/sauce on top next time) and the spicy pork tacos (not bad, wished the pork had more flavor). It came with a side (we both got truffle fries - HIGHLY RECOMMEND DOING THIS SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO SHARE) and a homemade soda (the berry soda tastes like starbucks passion fruit tea, the ginger one is so ginger-y it hurts your throat).
#REVIEW#My favorite place i went to this restaurant many times. I love food and drink and late afternoon has more interesting and lots of handsome guys. Love it!
#REVIEW#This place is "Finally sign back onto Yelp in order to give them their well deserved 5 star review" amazing.They do a fantastic job at giving you a great dining experience. Everything was so yummy! So many flavors!
#REVIEW#Went to barn joo on a Saturday evening with a group of 12. We had a 745 reservation and sat upstairs. Korean bbq is such a great idea for a group. It's delicious and a fun activity to be able to grill your own dinner!We started with a bunch of apps for the table. 3 orders of pork, beef and veggie dumplings, scallion pancakes, bulgogi and duck bao, truffle fries, and tacos. I didn't have any tacos but tried everything else and loved it all. The hot and spicy dumpling was the buffalo wing version of a dumpling. Duck bao was awesome. Truffle fries were soft on the inside yet crispy on the outside. Scallion pancakes were some of the best I've had in my life. Very impressed with all the apps!! For the table, we got beef and pork bbq plates to split. We surprisingly didn't get much direction on how long to cook anything so we just went for it. The waiter just said to cook the pork before the before. The pork belly and marinated beef were my favorites. The bbq was served with kimchi, pickled carrots, salad, lettuce wraps, seaweed, egg soufflé, radish wraps and corn. Loved it all.Only complaint was that the service was very slow. We had to ask 3-4 times for a refill on a round of beers and water. It was hard to track down the waiter but maybe they were understaffed.
#REVIEW#I've been here once before and thought it was a pretty good experience but didn't ever feel the need to go again.However, today i happen to be in the area and decided to give it another try and boy am I glad I did. We ordered the popcorn chicken, braised short ribs and Sashimi rice bowl. Every dish blew me away. The popcorn chicken was a bit spicy, crispy and sitting on a bed of a light creamy cheesy sauce. The peanuts weren't necessary but oh well it was just there. Braised short ribs was sitting on a bed of truffle-y sauce and the sweet and juicy ribs fell right off the bones. Great choice of veggies in the stew. Lastly the Sashimi bowl was refreshing, fragrant from the seaweed, sesame oil, and the best part were some sort of grains that gave each bite a crunchy texture. The service was excellent, they kept filling my water. Fast and efficient. Love the place!
