#NAME#Beyond Sushi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/beyond-sushi-new-york-7?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,vegan,kosher#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Vegan sushi that's more than cucumber, avocado, and carrots?? Sign me up for a subscription service.The first time I came to Beyond Sushi I was a little baby vegan missing the joys of flipping through those massive sushi menus at Japanese restaurants, hunting for a new roll to try. I ordered the Mighty Mushroom roll and the seasonal roll (I don't remember what exactly was it but it was delicious). I was sold from the moment I tried the shiitake truffle sauce on the mighty mushroom roll.Most recently, I got the Chic Pea roll with a side of roasted chickpeas hold the toasted panko. The side of chickpeas was good, nothing too special in my opinion, but that could've been partially because I took off the panko to make them gluten-free. The Chic Pea roll, on the other hand, was excellent. I added tofu for some extra protein. Again, the drizzled tahini sauce was the best. I do have to say this time around it was pretty crowded and I had to wait for seating since it's such a small space.Overall, the presentation of the sushi is consistently beautiful. Everything I've ordered has been fresh, creative and a great combination of textures. I love the different types of sushi rice - my favorite is the black rice! Trying everything on the menu is definitely on my food bucket list.
#REVIEW#3.5*Was looking for sushi and came across Beyond Sushi. The pictures looked really nice and considering how good the reviews are, I wanted to try it too. I'm not vegan, so I'm not too familiar with what combinations are common/good for vegan options. I ended up eating ~2 rolls worth of sushi without feeling full. Interesting how I would be full from eating that amount from regular sushi. I wasn't keeping track of which ones I was eating as I was eating it, so I ended up getting mixed reactions with every bite. What was I eating? I know I had at least one of each for sure. I swear I'm not crazy for needing to take notes down after each bite, but I didn't this time. Oh yes it came with sauces and had a little brochure saying which sauce goes with which sushi. I'm quite picky with soy sauce so I often end up not putting condiments on my sushi. I got lazy to figure out the proper sauce so I didn't bother with it. I should've tasted the sauces separately just for fun Some that stood out: La fiesta - it's nothing intolerable but I was surprised by the hit of spiciness from the jalapeño Chic pea - something about English cucumber rubs me the wrong way, no one's fault Sweet tree - they had nice sweet potatoes! Very sweet and one of the rolls that tasted most normal Mighty mushroom - this was surprisingly yummy. It's usually a hit or miss with me for mushrooms. I wish their mushrooms can be made more "moist and smooth" while braised slightly sweeter ??? - I'm looking back at the menu right now and I can't find which one had beets in it. I'm pretty sure we got one that had red beets because I remember my chopsticks staining red and thinking hope it doesn't stain my teethOverall I like how there's this vegan option place. Ingredients are fresh but the combinations aren't necessarily the best. Some of my friends really liked it. Some were really against it. I'm in the middle
#REVIEW#Vegan/vegetarian delight ! Pretty good selection of sushi and also sake based cocktails !Would definitely visit again
#REVIEW#This place has outstanding plant-based sushi that is creative, tasty, healthy, and beautiful to look at. They have all these unique rolls with ingredients that you wouldn't normally find in your sushi. Their use of ingredients like mangoes and mushrooms lends a special texture to their sushi that is pleasing and much more substantial than the usual cucumber-avocado roll that vegans end up ordering at traditional sushi places.All of the sushi rolls are delicious and come with a special sauce packet to squirt all over the roll. They also have individual nigiri pieces which are nice to look at and to eat. Their rice paper rolls are also delicious and satisfying. They come packed with various ingredients like peanuts, noodles, and tofu. The lunch specials are a great deal and come with your choice of various rolls and wraps. This place also has really good soups.Beyond Sushi is an outstanding sushi establishment and I would recommend it to anybody looking for delicious and healthy food. I would eat this stuff every day if I lived closer to it!
#REVIEW#I LOVE Beyond Sushi, full of delicious vegan options! As I was making my way to Chelsea Market for sushi rolls, I'm so glad that I spotted this cozy location and pulled over.  As I was heading home to DC, I placed a hefty to go order for the road! The sushi wraps are my go to - they are easy to eat. They are a small shareable size with unique flavors of different noodles and veggies. The takeout order was quick and ready in 10 minutes. The Curry Flower sushi wrap is my favorite with curried cauliflower, green tea noodles, butternut squash and tahini. All the flavors blend really well together. The Nutty Buddy wrap was quite tasty with tofu, avocado, crunchy cashews, and soba noodles. Another great blend of flavors. Although I wasn't a fan of the heavy dose of ginger in the Spicy Shroom wrap, I couldn't get enough of the Shiitake Truffle sauce! So rich and flavorful. The Sweet Bean sushi wrap was my least favorite and not as flavorful as the others. I'm so glad I got the Wild Shroom noodle bowl. I prefer it over the Spicy Shroom wrap. The glass noodles are chewy and perfect with the zesty mushrooms and smothered in spicy bean and truffle sauce. I recommend eating the sushi wraps within a few hours. They don't make for good leftovers. The veggies and noodles get mushy and the rice paper becomes brittle after a day. I think Beyond Sushi is the smallest restaurant I've been to with only 12 seats and no rest room. For my next trip up to Manhattan, I would love to sit down and try the scrumptious dumplings and coconut curry noodle bowl. Hopefully, I'll be able to get a seat!
#REVIEW#For a quick healthy vegan meal this place is the best. I often find myself in this area, not sure what to eat and not wanting to spend a lot of money. Beyond sushi is definitely pricey for what you get but on the hand if you just want a quick snack to cut the edge off your hangriness then Beyond is the place to go.  For 1 roll you'll spend 10-15 dollars including tax and tip. 2 rolls can be enough for a dinner if you are not super hungry.
#REVIEW#This location is a bit tiny, but the sushi is just as delicious as the other locations. The mushroom roll was a bit dinky compared to the other rolls, not sure if it's supposed to be that way or if it was a fluke this time.No restrooms in this location.
#REVIEW#I had no idea vegan sushi could be this good! The sushi rolls and dumplings that I had were EXCELLENT and I wish I lived in NYC so I could eat them every day. They had a wonderful menu, and I wish I could have tried more of what they had to offer.
#REVIEW#This is my favorite sushi place when I come back to NYC. I've always had a great experience and it's very enjoyable when I go to any of the locations. There are new sushi roll options on the menu. I was slightly disappointed in the seasonal sushi roll this time around. I wished they didn't take away some of the original rolls. I probably haven't been back in a while but the experience I had at the location on 14th Street today was slightly different. Didn't feel welcoming and the person who took our order had a slight attitude. She didn't make the "dine-in" experience that great. Otherwise, still would return but would definitely choose take out instead.
#REVIEW#This is the BEST spot for vegetarian sushi lovers!! I have recommended this spot to anyone and everyone whose a fellow vegetarian - you don't see these delightful and creative combinations anywhere else. Their menu has great variety for all. They also do an excellent job in presentation, neatly aligned and nice dollop of sauce matched w/ each sushi roll. Most of their locations don't offer much seating so it's more of a quick bite. The service is friendly and helpful. If you need help deciding what to try first my personal top two favorites recommendations are:1. Spicy Mango which is black rice, avocado, mango, and cucumber topped with spicy veggies and toasted cayenne sauce. 2. La Fiesta which is also black rice & avocado but w/ chayote, and pickled jalapeño topped with black bean purée and kaffir lime chips; topped w/ tomato guajillo sauce. They have an extensive menu so be sure to study it, they also have rolls w/ sweet potato and mushroom as their base. I would recommend the sushi over their other options here.
#REVIEW#Beyond Sushi has seriously changed my life in terms of vegetarian/vegan sushi. I'm honestly at a loss for words in this review because of how amazingly great the food was here. Having been vegetarian since birth, it's always been a bit of a gamble when searching for vegetarian sushi. Avo-cu rolls are great, but you can only eat them for so long before you tire of the subtle taste and the high prices associated with them. I dropped by Beyond Sushi on a whim while walking down the street during a visit to New York. I am so incredibly glad I did because I loved loved loved the food. I was eating my way through the city so I decided to grab one of the lunch combos -- 1 sushi roll plus a rice paper wrap. I went with the sunny side roll and the spicy shroom rice paper wrap. The sunny side roll was seriously so good and was super flavorful without the addition of any wasabi or soy sauce or other condiments. I loved the spicy shroom rice paper wrap and my friend who hates mushrooms even loved it enough to grab a few bites from me. This place has some amazing food and you should try it out regardless of whether you have any dietary preferences or not. Our server/cashier was super nice and the food came out in a timely manner. Definitely a must try spot imo!
#REVIEW#I had to make an appointment and saw that they weren't too busy when I came in so thought I could dine in. I was told to sit and wait a moment, which is what I did. I don't know if the two women that came in after me are joining the woman sitting solitary but the hostess takes their order right away and then lingers to discuss cosmetics with them, I am looking at her to see whether she will notice that I'm waiting. I look at the time and it's almost 10 mins that I have been sitting there. By the time, she will finally take my order I would have to rush to finish so I left. This location is usually busy, but the staff are nice and attentive. This was my first time seeing this hostess/waitress and I hope I don't see her if I ever do come back to this location (it's conveniently located but very small).
#REVIEW#For me to leave a 5* review on a place that doesn't serve a single animal biproduct is completely unlike me - but alas, here we are. Beyond Sushi has become a mainstay of my regular lunch rotation and everything I've had the opportunity to try has been better than the last. The flavors are absolutely incredible and the ingredients are consistently fresh.My favorite thing to order is the Chili Mushroom soup (Braised shiitake, portabella, enoki mushrooms, baby spinach, roasted garlic, and hijiki) - the flavor in the shiitake mushrooms is just to die for. You can choose to change the type of noodles and I'll frequently sub in ramen noodles or glass noodles, although both are great. The soup is mildly spicy. It's $12 for 24 ounces, which is totally a shareable portion. If you're looking for something smaller, try one of the $5 starter soups - my favorite is the white miso (Silken tofu, scallions, and wakame). Another favorite dish is the Wild Shroom noodle salad, a cold glass noodle salad with shiitake mushrooms, enoki, portabella, cashews, and porcini powder (notice a trend? I'm clearly a mushroom lover). Beyond Sushi always features a few seasonal items - just earlier today I had the seasonal salad (Black rice, baby arugula, blackened goguma, shredded Brussels sprouts and avocado topped with puffed quinoa and tomato powder) - it was great, but I prefer the soups.Sushi rolls are $7.50 a pop and personally I stick to the other dishes on the menu but I have a lot of friends who like the rolls. Delivery can take a while, but is reliable. Once they forgot a brownie that I ordered and they were massively apologetic. Absolutely can't rave about this place enough - truly some of the best-flavored food I've ever had.
#REVIEW#If you think vegetarian or vegan sushi rolls are limited to just plain old cucumber and avocado rolls...you couldn't be more wrong! Beyond Sushi serves up rolls that are not only beautifully constructed but also tasty and reasonably priced. On top of that, service was quick and wonderfully friendly; I was actually pleasantly surprised at the level of service for our casual meal.I enjoyed all the rolls I tried, but the Sunny Side was probably my favorite - it had the most flavor and a refreshing little pop from the sun dried tomato inside. The Chic Pea roll was my least favorite...not because it tasted bad but because it seemed to have simpler and mellower flavors compared to the Sunny Side, La Fiesta, and Mighty Mushroom rolls. Regardless, I would still order them all again.By the end of the meal I was actually surprised at how full I was (but full in a comfortable way!). It definitely felt healthy and guilt-free. If vegan sushi doesn't interest you, the restaurant also serves salads, noodle soups, rice wrap, and desserts. The black bean sweet potato brownie is on my to-eat list for next time...sounds so interesting!
#REVIEW#Just come to LA already! I am so jealous that this is only in NYC! The food is amazingly delicious and flavorful! The Wraps are my favorite! I love the Spicy 'Shroom Rice Paper Wrap! So delicious! The staff couldn't be friendlier or more helpful! I've been vegan for over 20 years so it's so nice to see vegan sushi that is absolutely delicious and easily available! Thank you! And please come to LA, it would be a huge success!
#REVIEW#Had the curry ramen soup, it was very tasty and a decent size for 12$. I had the sunshine roll (7/10 taste). Had to walk through the market to find a place to sit. They only had their lemonade drinks so I also had to buy my water and other drink at a different place.
#REVIEW#I must admit, I didn't want to have lunch here. I'm not a vegan, not huge into sushi, and really it is winter, I wanted something hot  and saucy. I was impressed at the flavors and presentation. Though I wasn't sure what to expect, the prices were reasonable. If you love vegetables, and want to see them in a different light, give this place a try. We had some dumplings and a few of the rolls and ate well, enjoying the flavors of chickpeas, mangoes, mushrooms, walnut sauces, and beet sauces. Colorful, beautiful, and delicious. I would go back here again to try even more. What a lovely experience.
#REVIEW#If someone ever made fun of you because you are veg and you wish to eat sushi.... take them to this place! This a vegan place and they have black rice sushi with amazing sauces that will keep you drooling. They have great dumplings and salad bowls. For NYC I feel the portion size is too generous for the price. The staff is friendly.  I wouldnt recommend having dessert here though.
#REVIEW#Good quick bite. Two of us went. The starter soups are good and light, not very hot which was disappointing on a cold day. Dumplings were amazing, got the mushrooms ones and they were very good. Could've just eaten a few servings of those. Comes with 5. Then we both got a roll each and split it, good amount of pieces and very different. Menu has a lot of options which is nice since as non fish eaters there usually aren't a ton
#REVIEW#I'm vegan, but my dinner companion wasn't, and we both thought the food was amazing. We had the seasonal dumplings, fiesta roll, and sweet tree roll. Everything was delicious. We were so pleased with our meal, we're trying to find time to visit again before we leave town!
