#NAME#Thursday Kitchen
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/thursday-kitchen-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,newamerican,tapasmallplates#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place is absolutely amazing and last night was my 5th or 6th time going.  I used to live two blocks from the place and would have gone more often if not for the wait times (can be 2 hours long).Drinks:The caprisun type drinks are solid but can be a bit too sweet depending on the flavor you pick.  I got the one with cucumber and it was great/easy to drink. Food:Get one of everything and two Korean popcorn chicken and truffle Mac and cheese.  those two are on the next level.  But we also got the kimchi gnocchi, the potato dish, the avocado dish, the noodles, and the fried crab (also incredible)Service:Very quick and attentive.  They definitely want to turn tables fast but you don't feel the pressure that much.  Also they have there system down to a science with timing the dishes. Solid management.Overall:Must go but get there when they open so you don't have to wait.
#REVIEW#I've been here a few times, and this place never disappoints. The ambiance is busy, trendy and cozy, and when we went on a rainy, Tuesday night at around 8pm, it was packed. The wait was around 45 minutes, but well worth it. We ordered 6 dishes to share among three people, and every dish was unique, savory and delicious. We ordered the macaroni and truffled cheese, eel tacos, edamame dumplings, tuna tataki, a paella dish and another dish that I can't currently recall. All were simply amazing. I definitely recommend the eel tacos and the dumplings. We also had several cocktails and the bill wasn't too unreasonable.The dishes came out as soon as they were prepared, so we ate in courses...which is great if you come in starving. The staff was helpful and readily available, and I have absolutely no complaints about my experiences here.I'd definitely come again!
#REVIEW#Same rating, cause Thursday Kitchen does not disappoint. But this time I had completely different dishes - except for the Truffle Mac & Cheese. You HAVE to get the Truffle Mac & Cheese! I arrived at 5:30pm on a random Thursday evening to start waiting in line. I was the first in line, but the line quickly filled up and stretched down the block. Get there early if you don't want to wait forever!Not so Plain-Tain: This was tasty and I really liked the different flavor profiles involved.  Tuna Tataki: I wasn't a huge fan of the hummus that came with this but the fish was fresh and seared perfectly.  Lucky Noodle: The noodles were so good! I just wish there was more of them instead of all the veggie filling they used. Also, super spicy, so beware if you can't handle spice!  Steak: Literally the best thing I ate. The steak was cooked perfectly and the feta grits were out of this world. I would sit there and eat a bowl of the feta grits.  I had two new "adult Capri Sun's": The Blah Blah Blue (Soju, blue curacao, pineapple, and lime juice) and the Lychee Reach Rich (soju, lychee, and mango). I enjoyed both of them, but I think the Lychee Reach Rich was my favorite of the two. Service was attentive and AMAZING. Our waitress was friendly, personable, and just one of the funniest people I've ever encountered. Another 10/10 meal at Thursday Kitchen.
#REVIEW#Korean tapas made for sharing sounded like the perfect meal for me. The menu lists options from starch, veggies, meat and seafood with a variety of inventive-sounding dishes. My friend and I went early on a Saturday night as we had heard the wait could be quite long. The two of us were able to get a table right away. We decided to split the eel taco and tuna tataki. Both dishes were flavorful and tasty, but in my opinion were surprisingly small. Even though we weren't too hungry, neither of us felt particularly satisfied after the meal. The restaurant also seems to have developed a reputation for its drinks, served in light-up plastic bags. We didn't get them, but it made for a fun and festive atmosphere. Also worth mentioning is that the restaurant is not a great place to spend a long time or catch up with friends. Since they don't take reservations they seem to be rushing people in and out. Our waitress seemed to pressure us to order quickly and leave when we were done.Overall, I love the idea of Korean tapas, but this is not a place I feel I need to return. I would have enjoyed my tapas with a bit more time and less rush.
#REVIEW#Came back for a second time on a Sunday evening, much less crowded and was seated right away. Tried a few more dishes. Steak is AMAZING - cooked perfectly, complemented well by the texture and taste of crispy kale and feta grits. Definitely a dish I'll get again the next time
#REVIEW#Wow this place is incredible!!!!! Note * this place gets packed so be prepared to wait. We got here to 10 minutes before opening and there was already a short wait. But definitley worth it! The whole menu is small plate tapas style Asian food. We shared: edamame dumpling, tuna tataki, Korean popcorn chicken, steak, and duck confit empanada. One dish after other was incredible. I have 0 bad things to say about these dishes!!! If i had to choose I would say the popcorn chicken was my favorite, but it's so hard to choose. All are worth it! For the drinks, we tried every flavor of the adult Capri sun's. Such a fun idea!!! My favorite was the blah blah blur or ms. Cutetini. Wasn't a big fan of the lemon or or ruby the GF. DEFINITLEY check this spot out!
#REVIEW#This place honestly taste like a westernized chinese takeout. I don't see where the Korean touch is other then use some kimchi in the paella. Food is average, long wait time. I will not recommend this place unless you have never had asian food before, or fusion Korean tapas.So from the start they do not take reservations. We waited 90min. I saw they had such good reviews I was expecting a place to blow my mind but in the end it was just some very average Americanized asian food. We ordered:Cauliflower- overly peppered, salty, garlic flavor stir fry. Soft shell crab- just dipped into batter and served with sauce. Popcorn chicken- this one shocked me because it taste just like general tso chicken. Steak- to salty, with to much thickened soy sauce. Wasted the steak.  Pork- overly peppered, cummins, onion stir fryKimchi paella- Not dry enough, so it came out very wet and not much kimchi. Very bland. The cocktails was a nice touch with the Capri packaging. Pricing- for tapas that's not very good it's on the pricy side.
#REVIEW#Pretty damn good. Not going to lie, I thought this place might have just been just over hyped. I had to wait at least an hour to be sat down. And when I finally sat down and ate - I fell in love with the food. Well first, I think the ambiance is great for a date night. I personally think it's a little too dark for my liking but quite ideal for a date night.Food wise - it's very tapa and sharing style. I think it's a little overpriced for what it is but the food is pretty good so that makes up for it. My favorite though is the truffle mac - it's pretty damn fire if you're into truffle and mac & cheese. Highly recommend you to try that unless you really hate mac & cheese.
#REVIEW#We went there Friday night at around 6:10pm and narrowly missed the last available table. And went there on Saturday night again around the same time  and got two bar seats. The best experience for me would be watching how they decentralizing and streamlining everything in a open kitchen.
#REVIEW#Had a relatively late dinner here after drinks elsewhere beforehand.  I see all the other 4~5 stars review and I'm not getting it...The food was decent, but I didn't think that it was out of this world good...  The steak came out after a really long time and was way on the heavy/salty side.  The pork was also a bit too dry.  Uni was surprisingly only just ok...  The highlights were probably the lamb meatballs and truffle mac, but the rest of the plates were honestly just so so.Sat at the bar, so the service was good.  However, they unfortunately don't have a hard liquor license, so they are limited to those beverages under 20% only.  Tried the makgoli here and it was just bad, so we sent it back.  The other drinks with glowy lights didn't really impress me either.  They reminded me of those kids' sneakers with flashy LED lights back in the 90s...
#REVIEW#I wasn't super excited by the food here. The most disappointing thing for me was the uni. I didn't care much about the bells n whistles with this dish like the avocado foam which was pretty to look at but didn't add anything to the dish cuz it was so light in flavor. Great uni has a fresh, salty flavor and theirs didn't. 2/5The kimchi paella was interesting. The flavor of the kimchi was on the light side (only for me, my wife thought it was ok), but it was the rice that missed the mark. Where was the soccarat? It felt closer to a risotto than a paella, which isn't necessarily a bad thing and the overall the dish was still enjoyable. 3/5The final dish we had here was the steak and it was executed well. The steak was perfectly medium rare as advertised and the feta grits was a good compliment to the sweet leaning soy garlic glaze. The kale rounded out this dish nicely. 4/5 Given the wait times, Thursday Kitchen fell a little short of our expectations. It's pretty young crowd and that translates to an energetic and fun vibe but there is room for improvement as far as the food goes.
#REVIEW#This may be one of my favorite Americanized-style Korean place there is. We definitely waited awhile to get a seat here as it's always so crowded! They actually have a cafe that they partner with and turn into a low-key bar at night so that guests waiting for the restaurant can go up the block to this bar to enjoy some of their classic soju drinks that come in plastic bags with a lit-up ice cube. Pretty cool and great quality drinks.The food and aroma of this restaurant is literally to die for. If you love the smell of truffles, this will be your heaven.This is a Korean tapas style restaurant, so definitely come hungry and order a lot. We had the truffle mac and cheese, the kimchi paella, the gnocchi, Korean fried chicken and the steak. I would say every single dish was amazing except probably the Korean fried chicken, but that's only because I've had better in KTown. To call out my 3 favorites would be 1) the truffle mac and cheese for obvious reasons - cheesy, chewy and truffe-ly; 2) Kimchi Paella; 3) Gnocchi. If you can stand the wait, this place is worth it! Definitely check it out!
#REVIEW#This is honestly one of my favorite restaurants hands down. Their truffle Mac and cheese is SO GOOD, I cant recommend it enough. I tried their edamame dumplings last night and they were also amazing. Their kimchi paella is also one of my go to's.Their Capri-cocktails are all great and insta-worthy! The cucumber one is pretty okay but my boyfriend liked it. My favorite is the lychee mango. They've gotten a lot more popular nowadays and the wait can take over an hour. You give them your number and they'll text you when your table is ready. They recently opened up a bar around the corner where you can wait and have some drinks (they're the same as the ones at the restaurant). It's a nice aesthetic and the bartender is really nice and helpful. An hour and a half may seem like a long wait, but it is so worth it!
#REVIEW#This place was a wonderful experience for me and my friends. It's a smallish place, so I wouldn't recommend going with a group of more than four. The Capri-Sun-like drinks are probably the pull for Instagrammers, but the truth is, y'all should be coming here for the food and the amazing service. We had the truffle mac n cheese, the pork frita, the popcorn chicken, and the kimchi paella. Everything was fantastic. The truffle oil was so fragrant and the cheese was deliciously light on my tongue. The pork fell apart easily and almost MELTED on my tongue. The veggies on the side were also SO tasty -- I stopped the server from clearing the table so that I could finish the veggies and pork bits. The popcorn chicken was sweet and crispy; it tasted like a richer bbq-like version of traditional chinese-food-for-white-people sweet and sour chicken. The kimchi paella was SO GOOD!! I always feel that rice is necessary for any meal, so it was a perfect addition to the table. The kimchi wasn't overwhelming and mixed into the rice with a creamy, slightly tangy and slightly spiced sauce. After we had cleared our dishes, we ordered the steak to finish. The servers kept warning us that it would be a while, but it came out in less than 10 minutes. The steak was soft and juicy, and came with feta cheese grits and a saucy spinach. Mixing the three into a forkful was heavenly. The severs were super diligent and made sure we never had an overly crowded table. Never ONCE in my night was my water empty -- they were THAT attentive. They were helpful and explained every dish, which made us three young people feel very fancy. We got two Capri-Sun-like drinks -- Lemonie and the mango one. They're very light on the alcohol -- or at least they cover up the taste extremely well. They were sweet and blended well with the soju. I got the Rose cocktail, which tasted like a alcoholic rose black tea. It was bitter to start, but as I became accustomed to the soju, it tasted more like a fragrant tea, which was very amusing to me.We had a pretty long wait for the restaurant -- my friend got there at 6pm and put down our names, but the rest of us didn't get there until 6:30pm. We got in at around 7:15pm, which wasn't bad because the neighborhood is great to walk around. They also have an "outpost" that they suggest you go to for a drink to start. I had a really wonderful experience here and I would definitely recommend it to people who have the $50 to drop on a rare and fancy (but unpretentious meal) :D
#REVIEW#I wouldn't say this place is 100% Korean fusion however the dishes are definitely 100% delicious. Very reminiscent of AYCE tapas-style brunch back in DC and small plate-sharables in LA, I love the concept of Thursday Kitchen. A few of my guy friends caught me while I was in town and suggested this place for a nice dinner to catch up, and needless to say I'm glad they chose this place. Even on a weekday, this place was packed to the gills with small parties but I guess that's New York for ya and the sign of a good establishment. Beginning with the FOH service, the staff was very welcoming while we were waiting for our seats, to when we sat down and ordered drinks and up until we left. The runners were also knowledgeable of every dish that landed on our table and catered to our requests for extra waters or napkins while the place was at capacity, even if they weren't assigned to our table. Our dinner racked up about $65-70 pp after two soju cocktails each and gratuity. My server suggested--thank goodness--doubling up on a few dishes for the boys to reach satiety. Below, the doubled-up dishes are indicated by an asterisk. There was no real rhyme or reason to the order of the dishes coming out except for the desserts. The server explained that dishes would be expedited and ran as they hit the pass, but really came in three bursts or waves. The flavors and textures seemed to get better and better as the meal progressed or maybe the drinks started to kick in shortly thereafter. THE GREAT: - eel taco with guac*: basically a two-bite unagi taco with pickled ginger and a very gracious smear of house guac. The salty eel, creamy guac and the spicy ginger all played well together. - duck empanada: missed the Asian flavors here but can't beat cumin-spiced duck especially when it's this tender and hugged in a flaky yellow-gold crust. - cauliflower: ya girl is a huge fan of golden and charred, roasted cauli in all shapes or forms, we don't discriminate. Top it off with crunchy fried corn nuggets, and it's a win for me. - steak*: perfectly rare with creamy, cheesy grits and bitter, wilted bright green kale, seems like something you'd find in dc brunches and not on a Korean menu but that's a good thing- truffle mac*: some argue as the piece de resistance in it's holy creaminess. I love this truffle mac and trust me I've had a multitude. TK does not skimp on the truffle oil here so definitely double up on this baby skillet sized dish and thank me later. - soft shell crab with pickled beets*: their homemade batter is what I'd describe as funnel cake batter and beer batter's love child. Personally, I skipped the wasabi remoulade only because the wasabi was too spicy for my taste. The pickled beets were also much needed punch of acidity after eating everything creamy and fatty. THE NOT BAD BUT STILL PRETTY DAMN GOOD: - pork frita: I love salty but this was a little bit too salty for me. Freestyled it and topped a few bites of that creamy truffle mac with the Cuban-pork shoulder to balance out the umami with a little hit of salt. - kimchi paella: if you blindfolded me I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between this paella and a risotto due to how runny it was, however all the right flavors were there, like an extra splash of clam juice in a simmered seafood broth.  - ugly potato: I love a good carb with a tangy fresh cheese like goat, in this instance, or a feta (with the grits in the steak). Good as a veg side but not a huge standout like the cauliflower plate, IMO. THERE'S ALWAYS ROOM FOR DESSERT: possibly my favorite part of the meal after the steak and mac. Popcorn sundae with salted caramel drizzle and caramel corn niblets followed by bread pudding with matcha cream sauce. Bread pudding was my fave due to the hot pudding vs cold sauce. Can't speak for the brunch here but it looks like a lighter version of the dinner menu. Highly recommend one visit if something piques your interest. Thank me later!
#REVIEW#Came here for the fun Capri-sun cocktails but this place is so much more than that! Wish I came hungrier - the tapas are top notch.I had the Ms. Cutetini cocktail with soju, cucumber, and lime juice - a nice refreshing mixed drink of the best kind - where you forget you're drinking alcohol! All of the cocktails come in Capri-sun pouches with LED ice cubes, so get your cameras ready! For the tapas, we tried the edamame dumplings and truffle mac and cheese - I'd definitely return just for both of these dishes, especially the edamame dumplings! One of the best I've had in NYC!
#REVIEW#Probably my favorite restaurant in NYC and well worth every bit of the hype. Came around 6:30 on a Wednesday night and there wasn't a wait for a table (in fact the restaurant was only half full) but when we left around 7:30 it was packed with a sizable group waiting to be seated. Our waitress was very welcoming and was very knowledgable about the menu and advised us that ~2 dishes per person would be enough but that some dishes were larger/heavier than others. I started off with one of their famous light up adult capri suns. I got the Lychee Reach Rich which had lychee and mango flavors and don't let the kiddie lights fool you these drinks pack a punch, they don't skimp on the soju. We ordered the Kimchi Paella, Pea'n'Pigs, Korean Popcorn Chicken, Tuna Tataki, and Truffle Mac & Cheese.Kimchi Paella: creamy risotto full of kimchi and topped with clams and shrimp yum! also a pretty large portion so good for filling up with carbsPeas'n'Pigs: chickpeas and chorizo - very smoky flavor and love the texture combo of the softer chickpeas and crunchy pieces of chorizoKorean Popcorn Chicken: generous serving of fried chicken with tender meat coated in a crunchy shell. The sauce is a little spicy and a little sweet and tastes just like your classic KFC but in boneless bitesTuna Tataki: soft and tender pieces of lightly seared tuna with hummus that I was a bit skeptical about flavor combination wise but it was absolutely delicious and uniqueTruffle Mac & Cheese: honestly the star of the show. I love mac & cheese and anything truffle flavored so this was out of the world. The sauce is cheesy and super creamy (definitely on the runnier side) and even had clams too. Honestly you just have to try it it's absolutely amazing!Overall, phenomenal food and phenomenal service and don't be deterred by the long wait I think it really depends on the day. 11/10 would highly recommend!!
#REVIEW#Do you like tapas? We all like tapas.Did you grow up on Capri Suns? I definitely did and the Instagram video showing their adult versions lured me in. One thing to note, they don't do reservations. First come first serve and be there early. We came by at 9 pm one night and they stopped taking names. The second more successful time, we came at 5:45 when then opened at 6. There was already a line of roughly 25 people in line.Once you get past all that, congrats! The food and drinks are sure to please. The drinks are soju based and are ranked from least sweet to sweetest on the menu. I went with the lychee one which was the sweetest and it honestly tasted like a spiked lychee jelly. And they were not stingy on the soju either!For food, we ordered the pork shoulder, steak, Mac and cheese, and cauliflower. Pork - This was marinated in fish sauce, slow roasted and then either flashed fried or finished in a hot oven. The exterior was nice and crisp while the entire piece was fork tender. It was paired with the most amazing peppers and onions stir fry. Steak - Where do you get cheesy grits, gochujjang stirred fried Brussels sprouts, and medium rare steak? You guessed it. Thursday Kitchen. Somehow this all just paired together perfectly.Mac - This is probably the other reason you're here besides the drinks. Nothing more to say other than it was super cheesy and full of truffle flavor. There were also pieces of clams in there which I glazed over when reading the menu but I really enjoyed it!Cauliflower - This was probably my least favorite. The was florets paired with large white corn kernels and tossed in a spicy sauce. While the other dishes were balanced in flavor, this one was way too spicy. The spice took over everything and I didn't enjoy it very much.When coming here, definitely plan to come early! It took two tries to eat here and it was worth it.
#REVIEW#This place is just absolutely amazing. I have yet to see a line down the block for a restaurant in the LES. I would happily wait to be seated at this place any day.Their host is VERY organized and efficiently seats people as he moves through the line. A system that they use on an iPad which is always impressive to me.  The decor is intimate which makes a great place for a date night, especially because the menu items are Korean style tapas and they are perfect for sharing. Speaking of the menu, each dish is extremely unique, carefully thought out and just as delicious as the next. Here are just a few of the incredible items I was able to try:-Steak with a soy-garlic glaze, feta grits and sautéed kale-Tuna tataki with a hummus coulis, sesame vinaigrette, crunchy quinoa, serrano pepper, shiso, sumac-Pan seared sweet plantains, Korean chimichurri, honey ricotta, roasted pistachio, dried cranberry- Dessert an Earl Grey Flan that was PHENOMENALThursday Kitchen is a MUST TRY!
#REVIEW#I have to skip my evening class to come eat truffle mac and cheese here. A bit of crunchy bread crumb would have topped this. This place has never let me down. The pork shoulder is very delicious too.
