#NAME#Jungsik
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jungsik-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#I took my girlfriend here on her birthday, and objectively speaking, it was one of the best restaurants we've ever been to. The quality of food and service was unparalleled, and it clearly deserves its two Michelin stars. My personal favorite dishes were the octopus and lobster, and the banana dessert was fun and unique. Be prepared, however, to pay a pretty penny for some of the best gourmet fusion-Korean food around.
#REVIEW#This place was available on OpenTable with the timeslot that worked and had excellent reviews on both Yelp and OT.Like others have mentioned they were trying to rush us and when I asked about the dessert tasting menu they looked at me like I was putting them out. They had to move us to the bar for that which I was fine with. Just wished they mentioned that in the beginning of the meal so that it didn't turn awkward.Food was beautiful, tasted as well as it looked and we opted for the seasonal tasting menu.One thing to note which all Michelin stared restaurants seem to be doing are having the same game foie gras and black/white truffle in served one way or another.The true winners were the black cod, duck, Omija Korean wild berry drink, and the white chocolate shaped banana. The uniqueness and beauty of Michelin stared restaurants are to be sui generis and unparagoned from others. I feel that is what is happening all over and is sad and the wow factor is no longer there.Not sure I will return because of the high price, but did enjoy the meal from start to finish nevertheless.
#REVIEW#Wife and I went here during our honeymoon - first Michelin star experience for both of us. Honestly we had fairly high expectations given the price tag and the Michelin stars and I'd say they were met but not exceeded.The ambience, service, and attention to detail were all on point. From the personalized menus to the plating - very special. The food was all great as well and you'll see a lot of reviews detailing the food. The foie gras dumplings were my favorite while the complimentary appetizers and the baby banana were my wife's favorite. If I were to give a point of critique, there were 3/9 deserts on the signature tasting menu and that was too much sweet. Overall an amazing experience and definitely the best food I've ever eaten, which is what I expected. That being said, it was such a hefty price tag so it's hard to rate it with respect to the money. I.e. it wasn't proportionally with respect to dollar amount better than other restaurants I've been to. Though again, it's hard to say as I haven't been to other Michelin star restaurants so I have no point of reference and you can't rate on taste/dollar. Looking forward to future fine dining experiences and this was a great start.
#REVIEW#This is the place to splurge! Jungsik lives up to its two star Michelin reputation and worthy of the $235pp price tag. Their signature tasting menu puts an innovative spin on Korean fine dining with each bite carefully crafted to perfection. The culinary experience here was sensational but it was the wagyu galbi that shined the most. It was probably one of the best pieces of meat I have ever eaten in my life. The meat was so tender and just melted away in my mouth with that juicy sweetness. It was a great homage to Korean cuisine. Caviar and octopus were also super delicious. Desserts were beautifully crafted but taste was somewhat forgettable.Overall, I was extremely impressed by Jungsik.   I would be back to try their seasonal menu.
#REVIEW#Honest review: ambiance gorgeous, really sheek wasnt crowded on a friday nite.  Service was amazing so nice and hospitable probably best service i ever had. Food is amazing just wish it had more korean flavor. For the price wish there was more food or that it was cheaper felt it was extremely pricy for what you got would prefer if everything including wine/ drinks/ supplements were more affordable one issue the desserts werent that good at all like was expecting the best desserts since its pricy here.  A lot of dishes needed texture.  Some dishes need more components to make it more flavorful cause some things are just like a protein n a sauce. N wish they gave a take home dessert best things first course foie gras, n pizza bun, caviar, mando, octopus, tuna roll, sweet potato/ rice puddingFirst course: its so cute my issue was only two things were good the rest werent necessary. The tuna wasnt that flavorful, the other raw fish one wasnt supper flavorful either. The oyster was alright just it needed a sauceI loved the foie gras perfect combo of sweet n savory just add texture n the pizza bun its not a pizza but it tasted like it was delicious Caviar:  amazing! Theres a lot of caviar, n loved the crunchy part at the bottom.  Loved the toro tuna to like it was so good. No complaints GU JEOL PAN:amazing the uni was so fresh and decadent. The langoustine was so fresh n sweet. N the tuna was really fresh n delicious would have preferred scallops or lobster instead though.  since the portions were tiny felt like it should have been cheaper if they put more then it would be worth it, it needs more of the components SCALLOP Dongchimi Beurre BlancMustard Green Kimchi:  amazing scallop was cooked perfectly the sauce was so good. Just didnt like the greens was bitter n didnt like it texturallyMando: was so fucking good. the soup really hit the spot  was really flavorful had depth n was hot. wish the dumplings were more flavorful n had more foie in it though but it was so good thoughOctopus was amazing. The octopus was so soft yet crunchy. the sauce was spicy n decadent. My only complaint felt more could have been done to elevate it like its just octopus n a sauceBranzino: the fish was cooked perfectly was melt in ur mouth n had crispy skin. The oil was really flavorful. Just felt more could have been done to make it more flavorful. Tuna roll this was the best dish of the nite. The tuna was so flavorful just put more. the dipling sauce was so flavorful it was the best mustard sauce ever like it was a flawless dishGalbi: didnt like this the meat was tender n decadent  but the sauce was so sweet like dessert sweet. The dish needed more components to combat the sweetness. Pallet cleanser: the icecream n the other components were good but the sauce was so bitter n acidic it was grossBanana: it was good not the best i liked the banana but the icecream n the other components didnt work well together banana is a very strong flavor n coffee is a very strong flavor wasnt balanced Rice pudding: was amazing the corn with the sauce was so flavorful just the texture of the rice sucked no one likes sticky mushy riceSweet potato dessert amazing was the perfect combo of sweet n savory just add crunchfree dessert: they were all good like pretty solid but not memorable just was expecting moreNo take home dessert
#REVIEW#Dinner at Jungsik was a great experience, it was a nice touch to traditional Korean flavors. The tradition flavors were hidden in every dish and kind of stood out on its own. My favorite were the foie gras mango and the octopus. I really enjoyed the entire dinner, the staff was attentive, each dish was prepared beautifully and explained. Each dish had a little modern twist to them that really brought out the flavors.
#REVIEW#This place was pretty awesome. As first-timers, the staff recommended the signature tasting menu (235pp) rather than the seasonal one.The succession of the nine courses is as follows: Osetra Caviar | Foie Gras Mandoo | Octopus | Branzino | Tuna Kimbap |  Galbi | Citrus | Baby Banana | MatangAs you probably know, before the food you order at most Korean places come out, they usually offer small side dishes known as banchan. Well the banchan here included five dishes (some of which that I can remember had oyster, tartare, and a wagyu bun).The osetra caviar was superb. The foie gras mandoo was my favorite by far (soup was stewed for three days). If love and comfort had a taste, that would be it. The octopus was crispy, and the branzino was slightly bland but well cooked. Another highlight was the tuna kimbap. The seaweed was super crispy, and the dish in itself was unlike anything I have ever tasted. The galbi was the main course. It was basically wagyu beef on sushi rice. Yum. The citrus served as a palate refresher and incorporated gold flakes. The baby banana IS NOT an actual banana but made to look like one. Following that is matang, a sweet potato dish. Both were delicious but slightly too sweet for me. There was also extra dessert which had three components to it that was very well presented.This placed is regarded as a modern Korean place. But, for the most part, each plate did not outwardly scream Korean. Everything was more subtle. I would highly recommend this place if you have two hours and some money to spend :) The service was phenomenal, the food was out of this world, and the whole experience itself was unforgettable. I would definitely come here again to try the seasonal menu.
#REVIEW#Me and my husband dined at Jungsik for our wedding anniversary and it was one of the best meals of our lives. The entire dining experience was incredible - from the moment we walked in to the last bite of banana dessert. We decided on the tasting menu. Every time a course was served, I kept thinking "this is one of the best things I've ever eaten"....and then the next course was just as spectacular - if not better. Highlights include the wagyu beef, octupus, and the bon chons served at the beginning.  Every course was beautiful, intricate and delicious, and was explained by the servers as they brought the dishes. An amazing two michelin star experience - worth the price tag!
#REVIEW#This 2 star Michelin restaurant exceeded my expectation (and my husband's). I highly recommend a visit here! Food was phenomenal, service was exceptional, décor was beautiful, presentation of the food + utensils used were well thought out and aesthetically beautiful like art. Jungsik really deserved the 2 star Michelin.My husband took me here yesterday as an early birthday surprise. Since everyone in the party has to select the same menu option (either seasonal or the signature tasting), we chose the signature tasting one (which consisted of 5 piece of amuse bouche appetizers displayed in this beautiful white squarish/round tower, 9 items in the signature tasting menu & 1 additional extra dessert). We wanted to know why they deserved the 2 star Michelin. They started us on drinks, and we chose cocktails. I chose the "to live a thousand years" which was symbolic. This cocktail was a ginseng w/ soju drink -  it tasted quite good, and was not strong. My husband chose the old fashioned cocktail & his drink was strong but he liked it very much that he ordered another one.Then the amuse bouche (5 appetizers) came and it was beautifully presented on top of the white squarish towers. The 5 items served were: 1) tuna tartare on a crispy cracker, 2) fried oyster, 3) a bun that had basil and something else in it, 4) persimmon, 5) uni w/ caviar on toasted seaweed. The last item was originally something w/ foie gras which I ethically chose not to ever eat. The staff was very catering, and substituted my food items that had foie gras. The amuse bouche were all delicious! Every single bite was decadent, orgasmic & of such high quality. I loved the persimmon as it was the palate cleanser and the taste was truly enjoyable. After the amuse bouche, the 9 items on the signature tasting came one by one. First item was the "Osetra Caviar" which had tuna tartare, caviar, crunchy quinoa. The taste was out of this world (crunchy, savory, salty), and what amazed me (besides how delicious it was) was the presentation of the food. The bowl they used was so beautiful + the pearl spoon you use to scoop the food. WOW! Second item was the "Foie Gras Mandoo" which they helped me substitute (w/ noodles). I ended up getting a large piece of wagyu meat on top of high quality noodles w/ broth that was made for 3 days. This was one of my favorites as I felt the person making this broth was making it with love. The broth was so savory and delicious. It was one of the best broths I have consumed since visiting Korea. My husband loved this as well, and liked the foie gras mandoo very much (he stated it tasted like buttered dumplings). Third item was the "octopus" - also one of my favorites. The octopus was so crunchy and tender. The crust was crunchy & savory while the octopus meat was so soft and chewy like it was mozzarella cheese. It was super delicious! The sauce was excellent as well and complimented the octopus. Fourth item was the "branzino" which was delicious. The fish skin was so crispy and the meat was tender. The white kimchi w/ wild perilla oil exemplified the flavor of the fish more. Fifth item was the "tuna kimbap". This one was also one of my favorites and most memorable. It was the best kimbap I have ever eaten, and I have visited Korea 3x so far (have eaten kimbaps in Seoul, Jeju, Busan). The extreme crispiness of the seaweed and the delicious truffle oil rice, tuna & avocado mixture made this morsel a one of a kind. Sixth item was the "galbi". This one was delicious as well. It was a large piece of galbi wagyu on top of rice w/ a piece of shiso leaf. Seventh item was the "pear". This was a palate cleanser. It was very delicious, and I tasted pear w/ pear sorbet and cinnamon. WOW! Eighth item was dessert (my fav) - the infamous "baby banana". This item was exceptional, and one of my favorites. Because it was my birthday, I was not able to pick the banana out of the fruit basket (but got to see my husband do it). I had the banana dessert on my plate w/ a scoop of expresso ice cream, a lighted candle w/ "happy birthday" written on plate. The baby banana was crunchy on the outside, and inside was pureed banana w/ white chocolate. The staff was also very sweet they gave me a small bowl of rice like porridge concoction (forgot what was in it). The staff said in Korea you eat this porridge when it is your birthday. Last ninth item was the "Matang" - pureed sweet potato w/ melted black sugar. It tasted like sweet potato crème brulee. Super delicious!We thought we were finished, and the staff came out with one last dessert. It was 3 petite desserts (white macaroon, some flowery thing, and black chocolate that had grapefruit filling in it). Beautifully decorated & delicious (esp the chocolate w/ grapefruit filling).P.S - even though the portions are small, there was a lot of food. We were stuffed by the end of the meal.
#REVIEW#2 Michelin-starred Jungsik, the second location of the original in Korea, is reputedly the finest Korean restaurant in America.  I won't contest that, since I've never been to a Korean restaurant that remotely served food of this caliber before.My wine buddy and I did the "Signature Tasting Menu" (there is also a "Seasonal" tasting menu, a dessert tasting menu, and a la carte), which was 9 courses for $235 (although you actually get an additional 5-dish banchan at the start, 3 macarons at the end, and we threw in an extra savory course and tea).The food was beautiful, perfectly prepared, and very delicious. Although I was happy with our meal, the menu does not reach the levels achieved at Per Se, Eleven Madison, or even Brooklyn Fare.  Less creative overall, and only occasionally breathtaking (the signature "Baby Banana" that is NOT a banana, falls into the later category).  A fusion of French and Korean ingredients and techniques, some of the dishes clearly displayed their Korean heritage, while others less so.  But I can definitely see why it has 2 Michelin stars.Jungsik has a spectacular wine list (~2-3X markup over retail), and excellent wine service, but they also allow BYOB, with a corkage of $75/bottle, limit of 2 per table (can't be on their list).  So we brought a couple of worthy wines, and got one off the list when one of ours turned out to be corked:~1997 Salon Champagne Blanc de Blancs Brut (byob)~2001 Dom. Henri Rebourseau Gevrey-Chambertin 1er Cru Fontenys (off the list for $230, for what is a $100 bottle of wine, if you can find it)~2007 Dominus Estate (corked)They kindly waved our corkage fees after we bought something off the list.The space in Tribeca is gorgeous, perhaps 25 seats in a small, modern room, with a private room in the back (where a Burgundy wine dinner was going on while we were there).  Service was as good as any 3 Michelin star restaurant in NYC that you can name.And if you have a hot date (not me lol), this is clearly a very popular "impress your date" spot!
#REVIEW#As a Korean, so proud of this place. Great food. Every dish was a wonderful fun recreation of Korean food. We went here on a rainy night, so happy they took the last minute reservation for us :)Deserts were okay. I find the banana shaped cake to be a little gimmicky but overall definitely 5 star.
#REVIEW#Have wanted to come here and glad we finally did. Some of the wait staff were on their A game. Others not so much. Please don't clear our plates while we're chewing our last bites. Incredible really for a 2 star Michelin, IMO. The food is so creative. We had the signature tasting menu. My favorite plates wereMushrooms with truffleTuna kimbap (wow!)Black codBaby bananaSoy-SesameHe lovedOctopusFoie gras mandooGalbiOsetra caviarBaby bananaSoy-SesameChef Yim And Chef Lee are masters of their craft
#REVIEW#Compared to other restaurants, Jungsik is my ultimate favourite. As a Michelin it provides service and quality. The food is interesting and filling. The dessert is beautiful (a little sweet). I tried the seasonal menu and it was great. I heard the classic tasting menu is better. The interior is clean and the waiters are friendly as expected. They explain the food very well and have pride in the food they serve (which shows the care and quality of the food)I would also recommend trying Jungsik in Korea (I think it's better).
#REVIEW#Had such an amazing experience here today. We've been wanting to go to Jungsik for a very long time now. Part of it is that I promised my friend, who is a chef here, that we'll visit soon but we never had the chance until today. So it was our anniversary coming up and we wanted to celebrate it here. We made a reso here a week out and was able to get a seat for two on open table at 5pm. You can put any special request or any allergies on the comments and they will accommodate you very well.Got here around 4:50pm today and waited for the restaurant to open. They opened a bit early for us and we were their first customers. Upon checking in, we were treated with two very nice hostess who checked in our coats. Then we were seated in the corner table where we got the best view of the dining area. The restaurant looks very elegant and high end and every staff member was extremely nice and polite. They got like three waterfall islands in the middle where they store their utensils and wine and champagne and stuff. The main dining area has like four corner tables that can seat two each for a nice intimate dinner for couples. We got our menu and it was customized for us with happy anniversary on the top with the date. That is such a special treat and definitely exceeded my expectations. On the left side was the five course seasonal and on the right side was their nine course tasting menu. We opted for the five course seasonal. My wife has shellfish allergy and also pregnant and they went above and beyond with the accommodations. In the beginning we got five Korean side dishes. It came with foie gras, Waygu beef, Oyster, Tomato and basil bun, and Persimmon. Pretty unique combination. Biting into the foie gras was absolutely amazing. That really melts in your mouth. All these lil side dishes tasted really really good. Next came the scallops. They were raw scallops and it was so good too. Best raw scallops I ever had. Then was the sea urchin. Dang I usually don't like sea urchin and shy away from ordering these at Japanese sushi restaurants but this dish made me rethink about sea urchins. Tasted amazon and didn't have that fishy taste to it. Oh then came the cod. Wife really really like the cod. It was perfectly tender and tasted so good. Then we got a complementary kimbap from the chef. It really had a great crunch to it and it was very good as well! Then I got my squab. I never had squab before and it is actually pigeon. I joked with the server if they picked these birds up from the streets and she assured me they are freshly shipped from California. Lol. Wife ordered the Apple tatin and I got the truffle cone. Chef hooked us up with another dessert of the banana and ice cream. Dang all these were pretty good. Btw, they hooked us up with complementary drinks!They got two Michelin stars and I definitely recommend everyone to come to this place. I was just at Eleven Madison two weeks ago and I would say I like Jungsik better in my opinion. Oh one thing is, majority of the customers are Asian. It's mostly what you see in crazy rich Asians. But if you don't mind them this is a great place to celebrate that special day with that special someone. Mad props to the chefs here who put in much time into making the amazing food. They also let us take home our customized menu! Definitely want to come back here in the future to do their signature tasting menu!
#REVIEW#Jungsik is definitely class apart! I wanted to take my friend out for her birthday and chose the dessert tasting option. Even though it was a last minute reservations, they were able to print "customized" menu with birthday wish for her printed. As you enter you will be greeted by the hostess and you can check in your coats/bags etc here. For the dessert tasting, they seated us at the bar. The design of the place is very minimalist and sophisticated. We decided to get cocktails from the bar menu instead of the whole wine pairing.Our server was highly knowledgeable and kept us engaged throughout the journey. Each course is well paced out. Every dessert offered was very unique and each different from the other. I think my favorite was the Baby Banana. They gave us a macron to go as well. I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of this experience and would highly recommend coming here especially for special celebrations. It would make for a great celebratory gift/experience.
#REVIEW#Modern and elegant restaurant in TriBeCa. The chef's 8 course menu won't disappoint you. In fact, each course will most likely pleasantly surprise you. I like Korean food. This added a different twist to it. But, well worth it.
#REVIEW#Dined in there to celebrate my husband's birthday. It indeed is a 2 star. Tried their signature tasting menu. My husband and I are Korean food lover. Jungsik indeed combine the traditional Korean food with fine dining nicely. This made me miss the BO Shanghai! Anyway, dishes I loved.1. Love their amuse. Especially the crispy fish toast and mini bun.2. Octopus. I've been wandering how they made the octopus ever since the first bite. The outside is so crispy yet inside is so tender. Did they quickly deep fry?3. The tuna sushi. OMG. Mind blowingly good! The seaweed tastes very like a Korean snack which I love. It's such a brilliant idea to make sushi with it. 4.Wagyu galbi. We love galbi. But never had it with such good quality beef. This is very traditional taste, but the beef was so good.Dishes want to comment1. Foie gras Mandu. Never understand why chef likes to cook foie gras. Thinks all the buttery fresh taste is lost when it's cooked. I can only taste beef soup in this dish. It is good. But I want my foie gras.2. Banana dessert is so cute. But I can't remember it's taste except the disguise. Not a big fan of the birthday rice soup. Poor husband finished all of it because it's a Korean birthday tradition. In all, love it, recommend it, and will be back for the seasonal!
#REVIEW#The food was impeccable. Each dish was presented in an elegant and thoughtful manor. 5/5 stars for food. My only complaint is that, for such an expensive and high class restaurant, I felt rushed during my dinning experience. After my last bite during almost all dishes, while still chewing, my plates were taken away.. not sure if that is excellent service or not .. but I felt rushed.Other than that- highly recommend Jungsik.
#REVIEW#Phenomenal. For my birthday, I was able to experience Jungsik with my BF and BFF. We opted for the signature tasting menu upon our server's recommendation since it was all our first time. The signature tasting menu includes 9 courses at $225 per person. If you opt for the wine pairing, it is an additional $180 per person. The current signature tasting menu includes:+ Osetra caviar + Foie gras mandoo + Octopus + Black cod+ Tuna kimbap+ Galbi+ Yuja+ Baby banana+ Soy sesame We started with Jungsik's version of banchan, or Korean small side dishes. There were five, to be eaten in a clockwise direction. Despite being very small, each dish was packed full of layered flavors and set up excited expectations for the rest of the meal. While everything was fabulous, my favorite courses were the foie gras mandoo (served with wagyu in a fantastic broth); octopus (served with gochujang and oh so tender); black cod (again, very tender); and tuna kimbap (love the contrasting texture of the crispy seaweed wrap against the tuna). My favorite of the desserts was the baby banana dish due to its interactive presentation and flawless execution of what looks like a real banana, but in actuality is made of banana Bailey's cake and ganache. This is served alongside coffee ice cream. When the server brings the dessert to the table, the "banana" is presented in a basket of fruits which you have to gingerly take out and place on your dish. Very creative! As someone who loves traditional Korean cuisine, I was awed by Jungsik's contemporary take that blends in its Korean heritage inspiration with European (mostly French) techniques. Food here is complex, playful, and thoroughly enjoyable. Service is also impeccable, with our server being incredibly professional but also actively engaging. Very deserving of their two Michelin stars and worth every penny.
#REVIEW#Jungsik was just... amazing. Took the bf here for a dessert tasting and cocktails for his birthday and we both loved it. I have a massive sweet tooth and am a bit picky, but was still extremely impressed by the desserts we had. The stand out ones had to be:1. NY-Seoul Version #2 (Brown Rice Choux, Pecan Praline, Vanilla Ice Cream)2. Petit four (Yakgwa, Bonbon au Chocolat, Pistachio Macaron)3. Baby banana (Dulcey Ganache, French Coffee Ice Cream, Baileys Cake)*The pistachio macaron was quite possibly the best macaron I have had in my life, and the only negative thing at all was that it was a bit small and I was left internally grumbling that there wasn't more of it :( All in, will definitely be back to Jungsik, and will make sure to try out their signature + seasonal tastings as well :)
