#NAME#Red Rooster Harlem
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/red-rooster-harlem-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tradamerican#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This visit was on a Saturday with a brunch menu and during a Pride Party celebration with a dj. It was impressive it was free to get in. It was full, but the wait moved quickly. We were lucky to be able to sit right down for the patio, which is a nice way to enjoy the neighborhood and music in the restaurant.The service was wonderful and understood not wanting to sit in the sun on a warm late June day. There were options. Each person who came to the table was really nice and made us feel comfortable. We had an Arnold Palmer to drink, which was perfectly blended. The bottle of chilled water on the table was nice, which meant we didn't have to wait for water refills. The food was layered with flavor. We had the "hot honey chicken" and "C&C Salad with added fried chicken". The chicken was different and both full of flavor. The hot honey, was not hot, it was just enough hot to perk up the taste buds, the other had a sweet curry taste. The salad was full of surprises beautifully tossed with fresh lettuce. Everything was fresh and full of flavor. We were on the Citibikes, with a station across the street made it convenient to get to.
#REVIEW#We got the yard bird, deviled eggs and omelette for brunch. Everything was amazing!The yard bird had a creamy corn and kale succotash that went really well with the sweet/savory chicken.Amazing service. We'll be back!
#REVIEW#Have wanted to go there for a long time. Finally went on my birthday. Very lively. Management staff very attentive. Many of them walking around, checking to be sure all ok. Then I realized that Marcus Samuelson was there. Having photos with customers. Started with mac and greens. Tasty. Husband had meatballs. Nice portion. He had baby back ribs. Just ok. I ordered their special fried chicken. Unfortunately chicken was pink in middle and not cooked enough. Mashed potatoes less than warm. Had to send back. At that point, we had waited a really long time for entrees, I decided not to replace. Staff were gracious and only charged us for appetizers and drinks. Would rather have paid and been able to eat. Waiter and kitchen staff seemed overwhelmed. Couldn't keep up. They had a live band and singers and were very crowded. A very polulR place
#REVIEW#Service is amazing. I loved the ladies that served us but the food... First and foremost, cornbread should be included but since it wasn't I paid $7 for some. It was awesome with the lingonberry. I ordered the Rooster Punch which was mehhhh. My entree was the Hot Honey Yardbird. It was perfectly crispy but wasn't that great either. The mashed potatoes were good. Whatever else was thrown on that plate I didn't think it paired well as a whole. I just took a few bites and took the rest home to eat the next day. I go to warm up the chicken in the toaster oven and it's still raw. ‍‍‍
#REVIEW#I blame myself and Buzzfeed Worth It for giving into the hype of Red Rooster. Bad service and dry/over cooked food was a bad way to end my weekend in NY. We had reservations at 4:30 and got sat immediately. After we got greeted drink orders were taken, our waitress didn't show up again till 5:07 to take food orders.For starters, the wild wild wings were good but wayyyy too overdressed. The sauce was good in small doses but not drenched and dripping. The entrees though... everything just derailed from there.The hot honey yardbird was drier than the Sahara. On Worth It, the hosts chicken was DRIPPING with sauce and I understand I'm just some pleb eating a meal and not hosting a show but the chicken was just bad. No sauce, overcooked, and underseasoned. My guests got the Lenox burger (said it was one of the worst burgers she ever had and the bun was stale) while my other guest got the G.O.A.T. He also didn't enjoy it and for goat that's braised, the meat was tough and underseasoned. Just overall really disappointed but the Chef's Choice Mocktail was good, under than that I was severely underwhelmed.
#REVIEW#I was in the neighborhood relatively early for dinner and decided to stop by with my husband on a week night and try to snag a seat- we were in luck! The wait was only about 15 minutes!We waited at the bar and got a few cocktails- Yes, Chef made with vodka, which was bright and flavorful and the Harlem Mule made with scotch, which was an interesting take on a mule. Both were priced at $10 for happy hour (normally $13). We were seated within the 15 minute window we were given upon arrival. The food was excellent! We were very happy with everything we ordered. We shared: Yep! Chicken & Waffle- crispy chicken skin, delicate soft slightly sweet waffle, and amazing dipping sauceCornbread- crunch outside, soft inside, delicious butterHot Honey Yardbird- Sooo amazing! It brought me back to the south with the perfect crispy skin with so much flavor packed in the tender meat of the chicken. This is in my top chicken dishes I have ever had! The garlic mash was also great.Mac & Greens- perfect blench of cheese and greens! I love mac and cheese and this did not disappoint! It was a bit oily but worth it!The service was pretty good. We did have to wait a little while to get our leftovers wrapped and grab the check. But other than that- the service was alright. You do share tables which I am fine with but I could see how some might not like it.
#REVIEW#We so wanted this to be a five star experience. The Bar and music was fun. The dinner of short ribs, lobster with vegetables and a biscuit missed the mark. One of the short ribs was over cooked and some what dry, the other was tender and tasty. The biscuit was dry like sand. The veggies were good, but the bok choy was over cooked. The lobster was good, but sparse. Wine selection was limited to three reds. The bourbon drink was tasty, but weak. We wish that Marcus Samuelsson or "Chopped" was there to make things right. But no such luck..:). This was my wife's birthday celebration, so yes we had hoped for more. Thanks for reading. Avram King
#REVIEW#Amazing service but the kitchen is really bad.They served us raw chicken, we sent it back. They recooked the same dish, and it still turned out to be raw.Still tipped b/c of the service but won't visit again.
#REVIEW#Finally got here after years of saying I would, and it was great. We had a group of five and ordered a lot: four orders of cornbread, meatballs, deviled eggs, two orders of brussels sprouts, mac & greens, and then our own entrees, including the yardbird, chicken and waffle, and pork ribs. The fried chicken is obviously the headliner, and I really liked it, but I wouldn't have it in my top tier. (The hot honey and spicy sauces were fantastic, though.) The sides and apps actually stood out more, especially the cornbread, brussels, and deviled eggs. We also really liked the ribs.Overall, a fun place with really good food that is definitely worth the visit.
#REVIEW#Fun and romantic jazzy date night! The food was delicious and overall made a great night in NY on a rainy evening. Tip: Make your reservations well in advance - this place is packed! They also do live music! (But keep in mind they perform near the bar, so if you are dining, it's not too great of a view)Service and atmosphere // The atmosphere is bustling! We arrived on a Sunday night around 7pm for our 7:30pm reservation. They were a little behind schedule and we had to wait a bit, but that was fine because they had some great entertainment! We were then seated and our waitress was wonderful! Made great recommendations and also checked in on us every so often to see how we were doing. Food // Here is the exciting stuff - highly recommend sharing - portions are decent size! To start: -Crabcakes - BEST crabcakes of my life! And our waitress told us that they're made mostly of lumpcrab which is why they have a nice texture! -Cornbread - tasty! Nothing overly special but still super tasty. I love cornbread so it's always a hit for me. -mac and greens - i thought it was decent! Enjoyed the texture and flavor of the collard greens mixed in. Was a nice rich and comforting appetizer that went well with our food. Main: - Hot honey yardbird - The chicken was juicy and I really loved the honey battered outside! Super yummy! Portion was generous! Throughout the meal, we had a a few drinks and ended the night with a dessert. Some sort of mousse with meringue on top. (forgot the name) but it was good! Very happy we chose this restaurant for our night of jazz and dining!
#REVIEW#I love this place.  Came in with the gf to have some Sunday dinner.   Even on a Sunday this place has an amazing vibe.   The decor is warm and lively.  You can feel the energy coming from the kitchen.  The service was decent and friendly.We had the cornbread, crab cakes, the yard bird, the shrimp and grits, and a few cocktails.   Cocktails were mixed well.   The cornbread was great and the flavored butter was nice.   The crab cakes were absolutely amazing.  Some of the best I've had.   The ratio of crab meat to everything else was perfect.   The shrimp and grits were amazing.  My gf doesn't usually likes grits but she stole the plate.....and we were sharing.   The grits were not too heavy and the shrimp were cooked perfectly.   The yard bird was a slight letdown.   The chicken itself wasn't seasoned well and it was overcooked.   So, as much as I was looking forward and wanting this dish, it was the weakest item of the night.   However, this stumble didn't stop the overall experience from being a great experience, one that I would repeat.
#REVIEW#Was in NYC for the day and had heard rave reviews of Red Rooster, so we came in for Brunch. It was PACKED! Pro Tip: reserve a table prior if possible to help you out. We were able to come in and wait maybe only like 10-15 minutes compared to others. We were seated at a high top bar type table that's right in front of the kitchen, so if you're not okay with a lot of activity near your table, don't sit here. I ordered the kale and cheese omelette with fries and my friends both got the yardbird. The omelette was good. I don't think it was anything super special, but it was tasty. My friends felt okay about their yardbird, one said that hers was slightly undercooked in the middle, but still was okay. The Mac and greens were good as well, I would order them again.Our waitress wasn't attentive at all. She stopped by and when we asked for a few minutes to keep looking, it's almost as if she disappeared. We know that it was a busy brunch time, but it was disappointing to say the least. Another waitress saw us in somewhat distress and jumped in taking our orders, answering questions, making sure we were okay, and the gentlemen that refilled our water was always timely. Those two really were the ones who served us in my honest opinion. Our waitress brought our food out and that was it. My friends and I gave significantly higher tips to those two than the person who was our actually waitress.I would return to Red Rooster. The food was good, ambiance was nice, just hopefully have a different server. Other than that, all was well!
#REVIEW#Went here on a Saturday early afternoon for dinner with family. Hostess: There seems to be no organization about how you check in. When I asked the hostess (tall, thin, black woman with short hair and very Sudanese features think Alek Wek) about checking in when you had a reservation, she totally ignored me and went to find the party she wanted to seat. That totally annoyed me and I would've left off of that alone because whomever greets your potential customers is the first impression their given of the establishment. If I wasn't there as per my mom's request, I would've gone to a less bourgeois place where I would be welcomed like family. I tried again by speaking to the woman once she got back at the hostess desk. I gave her my name and let her know the whole party was present- she then seated us at once.  Waitstaff: Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They worked well as a team to bring food, make sure we had water and clear plates. Our waitress was Naomi and she was very nice. She gave us enough space and patience to figure out what we want. Food: The appetizer was the wild wings and cornbread with lingonberry butter. The wings were really good and the cornbread was tasty. (I wouldn't come all the way back here for  it- I could totally make it myself.) The entrees were :Obama Short ribs- good medley of flavors and there were lobster pieces in it which threw me for a loop. I happily ate them because no one else at the table wanted them. (Who doesn't want lobster?!) Jerk Chicken- This comes on a roti- I think it's closer to the family of Parantha or Sada not bussup shut or dhal puri. The chicken is work, so if you don't like bones or whole chicken this is not for you. You get white and dark meat with this. My sister said it was not spicy and requested some hot sauce. (She does not have a high tolerance for spice so I have to believe her) So if you want a spicy jerk this is not it. Hot Honey Yardbird: This is a big piece of chicken. The sides that come with it all seem to compliment except for the random pickles. It was reported more tangy than spicy. Brussel Sprouts: So freaking delicious! Just the way I make them at home- crispy not soggy. These were cooked to perfection and the cheese was an excellent touch. Meatballs: These were not Swedish when I got them. They were more Italian style. It was in a rich base of tomato sauce and cheese with some onions as a garnish. There were 6 meatballs. I was not impressed bu the portion size because it is in a tiny plate, but I was proven wrong- I had to give one away because they were full bodied! Deviled Eggs: This was good. Predictable flavor with something that tasted maple like on a few of the eggs. I have no idea what it was but they were good. If you're being conservative you may not want to order this because you're paying $9 for two eggs. If you have a basic concept of how to make deviled eggs, make your own at home and save your money.The main difference between your diy deviled eggs and these are a few bells and whistles- ie capers, onion and a sauce. Drink: The Charlie Parker was good, but my mom is a lightweight so she didn't finish it. Drinks are pricey/NYC average cost of $10-15. Ginger ale is $4.50! If you want to drink, you could pre game at a place in the vicinity or in another area for a more reasonable price. Interior: There is a lot to look at if you want to avoid eye contact with your table mates or are on a first date. The tables are a bit tight so keep that in mind if you a bit big or are traveling with a stroller. Note- They do have communal tables- if this isn't your thing you should get there early so you can get a table with only the people you cane with. Overall: This seems to be a big tourist place and I wouldn't come back here. The food is good as is the service,  but in Harlem you can find soul food for cheaper. Also, I was thrown off that a place in Harlem barely had a brown face in the midst. It seemed more like I was in Finland than Harlem...
#REVIEW#Pricey but I thought it was worth it. Cool atmosphere and decorLoved the yard bird, crab cake and corn bread Would definitely return.
#REVIEW#We came on a Saturday without a reservation and were told there would be a 45 minute wait, but I think it was closer to 30 if that. They text you when your table is ready so you're able to walk around if you want!There were 3 of us and we decided to split the biscuits and gravy, chicken and waffles, grits, and brussels sprouts. Each of us had a different favorite dish, so I think it speaks to how good all of the food is! The brussels were more creamy, and the biscuits and gravy definitely had a little bit of a kick. The biscuits and gravy was a little bit chicken light, but since we had it in other dishes I was not upset. Overall I really enjoyed the flavors of each of the dishes and I think we had the perfect amount for a group of our size. Our server was really helpful and answered all of our questions, and gave us feedback on our initial order (too small) and made recommendations (order other things) that we took. The atmosphere of the restaurant feels very Harlem which I loved, and it wasn't over the top fancy or super casual - so the perfect brunch spot for a day with friends.
#REVIEW#FINALLY! I have walked this earth and tried Red Rooster and it definitely met my expectations. I ventured to Red Rooster after work to check out the open mic night at Ginny's Club (on the lower level). As my 2 friends and I waited for the club to open up, we decided to sit at the bar and try the food. There was no wait time. Red Rooster is located in the heart of Central Harlem, near the hustle and bustle of 125th street. Its only a few steps from the train station and parking is not horrible, but its also not easy.    Upon our arrival, the place was packed. The atmosphere is sophisticated and mature; the decor and menu scream 'southern comfort' combined with a touch of 'farmhouse'. The bartender kindly greeted us and took our drink and food order. As we waited, a few familiar faces from television sat across from us, so nonchalant but cool. Soon after, a smooth Jazz band began to play in the corner from us. It seems they have live music a few days out of the week (not sure exactly), which is awesome. It really contributes to the eclectic vibe that Harlem is known for and further creates a great ambience in the restaurant.For dinner, my friends and I opted for side treats and drinks. I had the 'Mac and Greens' and Marcus' Cornbread. The 'Mac and Greens' is essentially a mac and cheese dish filled with some collard greens. Soooo delicious and genius! You get the best of both worlds in a southern classic dish. Its also a big portion, so you might end up brings half of it home. The cornbread was alright. It included a side of liganberry butter which was too sweet. I wanted something a little more savory with salted butter, but its worth a try. We also shared a round of 'Langston's Crab Cakes" which are made with real umbrellas crab and served with a side of po-boy mayo. I've only had crab once in my life so I was really skeptical to try it. I'm glad I did though because they were delicious! Seasoned very well and cooked thoroughly, I definitely recommend trying them. We did not have any mixed drinks only wine and rum. Service was good and attentive, no issues. Overall, I highly recommend visiting at least once! Its so worth a trip and you owe it to your taste buds.
#REVIEW#Red Rooster is a fine, but overpriced, restaurant. As with many celebrity-linked establishments, I guess I had my hopes set too high.  Service was efficient and polite, and the food was served quickly.  My dinner, the shrimp and grits, was simply okay.  The grits were somewhere between room temperature and warm, and the shrimp, all five of them, were the only things with real flavor of any type.  The dish overall was somewhat bland.  $33 later I left feeling a bit hungry and unimpressed.  But, no major complaints; I just doubt I'll return soon.
#REVIEW#I visited on a Thursday afternoon, they were not busy at all. Ive heard good things from this place, so I was of course excited about my visit. We were greeted with kindness, no reservation, so we sat at high back chairs on the side, which were not comfy at all. The server was quick and really didn't explain much, just gave us the menu. Lots of history and the decor was really nice. Our order came out in a timely manner. I wasn't really impressed with the food at all, my food tasted kinda burnt.  The chicken was cold, my squash soup with brussels sprouts was tasty with a lot of flavor. This didn't do it for me, maybe it was what we ordered. They are on the expensive side, I don't mind paying if the service & food is quality.  Visit for yourself and let me know, maybe Ive missed something.
#REVIEW#We had a great experience from beginning to end. The hostess was welcoming and sat us for our reservation immediately. Our waitress was nice and made sure to share about the meals and how to part the snacks, appetizers and entrees. The ambience of the restaurant was wonderful, it's definitely ran as a team effort. Different staff would check on us and assure we were doing well and had enough drinks. Now the food... between my husband and I we ordered two appetizers and 1 snack and 1 side. We had the chicken and waffles, the meatballs, the wings and the Mac and greens. We then finished with a banana foster donut dessert. The food was well seasoned, well portioned and delicious! We highly recommend it!
#REVIEW#I was happy to finally make my way to this restaurant and it was worth the wait. I have been a fan of Marcus since he was a chef at Aquavit and I loved his restaurant in Bermuda so my expectations for Red Rooster were pretty high and it didn't disappoint.The staff is wonderful and the food was delicious and plentiful. The drinks, Red Rooster Punch, Moscow Mules were amazing. The deviled eggs, Mac & Cheese, chicken and waffle apps were all tasty and the Obama Shortrib/lobster was delicious--very tender and the glaze complemented the dish perfectly. I look forward to returning!
