#NAME#Jongro BBQ
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jongro-bbq-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,bbq,beerbar#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is probably one of the best Korean BBQ places in the area. I came here with 4 other people, and we ordered the Korean Pork Belly, large Beef Platter set, Bean Paste Soup, and two Cold Green Tea Buckwheat Noodles, which was the perfect amount of food. The service was good here even though it seems a bit rushed due to how busy it is especially during dinner; we were about to order two Korean Pork Belly dishes but the server helpfully suggested only one after seeing how much food we already ordered. I also needed a bandaid, and our server promptly delivered it to me!The side banchan was great, and included steamed eggs, kimchi, lettuce, ssamjang, green onion salad, to name a few -- all of the essential sides for KBBQ.  The atmosphere was youthful and energetic, with loud Kpop playing in the background. Overall a great dining experience.
#REVIEW#The quality of the meat here is really good. It was our first time having kbbq, but the servers cooked everything for us so we didn't have to worry.We ordered the USDA Kalbi with a bowl of rice, and it was enough for 2- we came in hungry and left full but not stuffed. It was expensive, but given the quality, I'd say it's worth it as a treat.
#REVIEW#I used to like Jongro for their meat quality and came often, but after today's experience I will never come back again.Came as a party of 6. We ordered a beef combo and the pork belly in addition to some other non-BBQ dishes. In order to speed up table turnover, they were trying to rush us so hard that they started cooking raw pork belly while there was still cooked beef on the plate. Also, because they cooked all the beef meat together, by the time when the ribeye was cooked, the brisket was already overcooked and tasted burnt. Moreover, a tofu soup was supposed to come with the beef combo but never came, although this was clearly written on the menu. Props to their fantastic rushing skills, we finished eating in just 40 minutes! Unfortunately, a mandatory 18% gratuity was added so there was no way we could even complain about it. Left feeling unsatisfied by the 40 minute meal and robbed by the 18% gratuity.A proper korean BBQ would involve them cooking each meat one by one because they all require different cooking time and temerature (sometimes even the cookware). This was definitely the experience at Jongro and so I feel it's way overpriced. Go to Kang Ho Dong across the street. It'll be faster and you will have a much better experience.
#REVIEW#Expensive. Over $100 for a platter for 2. The waitress kept coming to our table to help us put the meat on the grill, flip it, and distribute the cooked food onto our plates. My friend and I want to chat for a while because we haven't seen each other for so long and she came all the way from Boston to visit. But the waitress and waiter who keeps coming over makes us feel like they're rushing us to finish eating so they can take everything from our table and we'll have to leave. Basically we felt like we were rushed to eat fast and then leave. The meat was good though but on the pricier side. Ultimately, dinner was very filling and we only ordered 1 platter which was the group beef platter for $79.99 but we end up paying over $100.
#REVIEW#We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here. For starters the service was absolutely standout. It was a packed house, we waited nearly an hour for a table for 5. It was nice that they use that mobile status updating service that always kept us updated with our status in the line. This allowed us to walk around the streets and explore the stores nearby. Once we were sat, we never had to wait long for anything we asked for. We didn't have just one waiter, but the staff worked as a team.  There was always someone coming by to help cook, serve, or check to see if we were low or in want/need of anything.Food...we ordered the prime meat platter with 3 different cuts of beef, and added pork belly, spicy pork, and glass noodles. All was good, especially with all the different sides that accompanied the meal. Being that we are trying to stay low-carb, it was nice that they offered the meal with lettuce and sides so that we could eat our food as lettuce rolls. The kids preferred to have their meal with rice, and once again, they didn't have to wait long at all for someone to bring it for them. We'd definitely come back next time we're in town.
#REVIEW#Prepare to step into a different world. Tucked on the 5th floor of a building, this beauty is everything you want to experience in Korea Town. Downside is that they have extremely loooooooooooooong wait times. We were a party of 8 and had been waiting atleast 90 minutes before we were seated, they don't really have a bar and you can only get beers while waiting. ( they need an ID for each alcoholic drink and do not accept, international driving licenses) The choice in beers is limited and it wasn't until we were seated and given the menu did we realize that they had shoyu( sake) cocktails. We ordered the marinated beef platter, steak, chicken, tofu soup, the glass noodles. The meats are cooked on an open flame and it comes with a lot of sides so one can never be left hungry. I loved the marinated meats and the glass noodles stir fry. Restrooms are tiny and definitely avoidable.
#REVIEW#Two important tips: NO OUTSIDE DRINK! Forget about bringing in your bubble tea from next door. We were forced to throw away our bubble tea at the door. :( Also, THE WHOLE PARTY NEED TO BE PRESENT TO BE SEATED. So don't expect your Yelp waitlist spot to get you a table right away if you are the first person there.We spent $50/person without ordering any drinks and got plenty of food. Their MEAT is definitely top quality. That's probably what makes this place the most popular Korean bbq place on this street. The pork belly is probably the best I've ever had. Kalbi was also very good and positively fatty. :) Portion is decent but not huge. The seafood scallion pancake was a bit disappointing. You don't see seafood or scallion in that pathetic pancake. It's literally a pile of flour. :( I'd definitely put my money on their meat dishes instead next time.
#REVIEW#It's well known but hidden away on the second floor of the building, I think they've expanded to the 5th floor. I've been here several times. Waits on weekend nights can be pretty long so make sure you put your name down early! We ordered a large beef platter for two people, the waiter said it fed 3-4 but my boyfriend and I were starving. The large beef platter comes with kimchi stew, soufflé egg, ribeye, skirt steak, brisket, kalbi (short ribs), and marinated salchi cut. You also get banchan that includes a salad, kimchi, and bean sprouts. The meat is top quality. They cook each cut separately and are super attentive. One of my favorite korean bbq spots in the city!
#REVIEW#It's ok. Expensive and not flavorful like most KBBQ. Ambiance is nice and the vents that come down over the cook top is nice :) the waiters cook the bbq for you so that's a nice thing too. But for $35-$40 per meat, I'd rather goto a KBBQ that marinates their meat more, has bigger portions (because these are very small), and has a better selection of kimchi and veggies instead of multiple types of onions.
#REVIEW#Truly, a hidden k-scene with pop music, fun scene, and kool food!  On a busy city street, there's a bunch of karaoke shops and bbq places. This one got great reviews so we chose it based on my fellow yelper recommendations.  They don't take reservations but they do manage the wait times via yelp.  There's a guy in the lobby who takes your name, cell number and party number. He gives you an approx. wait time and then we can watch our status via 'yelp waitlist'.  We waited about 70 minutes for our table.  Once we got our table and rode up the small elevator to the restaurant, it was like being in a music video.  The place was nothing like the places in Virginia.  It was very hipster and we felt like old country folks.  They have combo options and ala carte.  Small plate apps were placed in front of us, and the meat was cooked right away.  It happened so fast with such amazing service, again, not like what we're used to in Virginia. We never had to move our meat on the cooker except to move it into our mouths.  It's strange that rice didn't automatically come with our meal. We didn't ask for it and I'm sure it was available but being carb-less was fine. The food was amazing.  I've never hard such crispy and tasty seafood pancake. It was huge and we packed up the leftovers.  This is definitely a must-visit while in NYC.
#REVIEW#Besides BBQ, i do think they have fairly good deals for lunch. Lunch combos average cost is about $12 and the portion is big so it would definitely fill you up. I got Bulgogi Combo and Teriyaki Eel Bibimbap. The Bulgogi Combo came with a lot of meat and enoki mushroom. It was flavorful and delicious. This combo also came with a stew, which had plenty of vegetables and also tasted good. The Teriyaki Eel Bibimbap is also good but it's not as flavorful as other meat dishes they have. I love how friendly and helpful the staff was. They were very attentive and re-fill my side dishes immediately. Overall, I had a great lunch experience here!
#REVIEW#Ordered the marinated beef platter, pork check and seafood pancake. The beef was juicy and tender, very flavorful. It also has a good portion of fat and lean meat. The pork check was outstanding, chewy and delicious with the sauce. The pancake was just ok.Vegetables and steamed eggs came in for free. They also provided unlimited lettuce. The service was very fast and attentive. A little pricey though, average $50 including tips.
#REVIEW#I love Kbbq and was super excited to try some in the Big Apple. This place was one of the few that is open late and had great reviews so it's a no brainer. My fellow Yelpers, I'm disappointed. The meats are great quality which is why there's more than one star. But aside from the meats, nothing else was good. The side dishes were lacking. I'm used to getting a large variety of banchan and was shocked that you don't get much here. There were three sides of onions. I don't eat onions like that so they were wasted on us. The macaroni salad was heavy on the mayo. All you could taste was mayo, like eating a spoonful of mayo at once. One bite and I gagged. The egg soufflé and green onion/bean sprout salad was good. I've had better but it was good enough here. The service here isn't great either. They're not rude, just unbothered and not friendly. You'll get everything you ask for right away but don't expect them to speak to you. I'm glad I tried it and the meats made it so it's not a complete waste of money but o won't be coming back. Charlotte's only  KBBQ Joong is cheaper, AYCE with an abundance of sides and super friendly wait staff. I'll stick to my home town
#REVIEW#Always serving great quality Kbbq. Can be little expensive, but the taste makes you forget about the price. Their lunch menu is also great and affordable compare to having a bbq. Recommend this restaurant for many reason, but this place can be loud at the prime hours.
#REVIEW#Came here with 3 other friends on a Saturday as we were craving korean bbq. We put our names down and ended up waiting about an hour for our table. Upon entering you have to climb up quite a long and narrow flight of stairs so not exactly the most accessible place to get to. On to the food. The four of us ordered the pork platter ($60) and the beef platter ($84) to share and of course a bottle of soju to go with all the food. The beef platter arrived first and was grilled to perfection for us. The meat was extremely tender and juicy, as well as extremely fresh. The pieces of steak were well marbled and thickly cut so when grilled it was the perfect bite. The pork platter was equally as amazing as the beef! Sometimes there's a bit of a smell to pork depending on how it's butchered as well as how fresh it is. It wasn't a problem here! The thick cuts of pork belly and other cuts of pork, which were just the right amount of fatty and all extremely juicy, satisfied our kbbq cravings! There weren't that many memorable banchan or side dishes, but that's not what we were there for! Excellent service all around, can't wait to go back!TLDR, Jongro is the place to go in Ktown if you're craving quality cuts of meat! You might leave smelling like kbbq, but you'll be too full and happy to care!
#REVIEW#The Korean bbq was so so good and the service was amazing! The beef kalbi was literally unbelievable! We also got the shrimp which was awesome and perfectly butterflied and the server deveined it.
#REVIEW#The food was really good and the beef platter was large enough to share. Great sides and very good customer service. I also loved that you are able to hold a reservation through yelp especially since the lines are always long.
#REVIEW#Very good quality meat and best korean bbq service I've ever experienced. They fill your cup and m side dishes before you ask! How awesome is that??? Love that they very attentive and grill your meat, cut it, let you know when the meat is ready to be eaten, and also make sure it doesn't get burnt!This place is crowdeddddddd so any night on a given day you'll find yourself waiting about an hour to be seated. It's best to go at a random time. For example, for dinner go after 9:30 or even 10 pm. No joke. They don't take reservations. But you can always check in and be on waitlist and walk around Koreatown. There's korean beauty shops as well as markets along the streets.
#REVIEW#this place is pretty expensive but meat quality is not bad. i'd probably eat an appetizer beforehand or make sure to have a dessert afterwards. service is nice and fast; great thing about this place is that you get text alerts about your waitlist status. frequenters get priority or something like that (but apparently only certain times and days of the week? idk). really liked a blueberry/raspberry wine that they offered here.
#REVIEW#Jongro is a Korean BBQ establishment nicely situated in Koreatown. My friend and I stopped in here on a bustling Thursday night.  Banchan:Mung beans with hot pepper paste and scalion was perfect for the meatMacaroni salad was so-so. Pasta was too soft and the dish was very creamy. Bits of corn add some crunch. But this banchan needed some more complexity in it. Did not pair particularly well with anything. Kimchi was on point, nice savory flavor and fresh crunchy texture.The rice was serviceable, nothing particularly noteworthy here. The Beef:My friend and I ordered the beef platter, which consists of kalbi, skirt steak, ribeye and brisket. All the beef is USDA Prime and wet aged. Hot cast iron skillet and beef fat was used to cook the meat, rather than having the beef on a wire rack with a flame. Kalbi is cut into thin and fatty slices. Great marbling on the meat is the key here. Skirt steak was soft and chewy. Medium rare. Great flavor. Lovely marbling. Nice seared outer crust.Overall, the meat is minimally seasoned. And this is because good quality beef doesn't need much. But, you are still given marinated white onions, red pepper/soybean sauce and salt as condiments to accompany the beef. With choice cuts of beef like this all you need is a dab of salt. I also love the beef in tandem with lettuce and the pepper soybean paste. Jongro is a great Korean barbecue experience and gets a strong recommendation.
