#NAME#Xi'an Famous Foods
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/xian-famous-foods-new-york-37?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,noodles,burgers#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Two words. Fan-tastic. Au-thentic. I ordered the oxtail hand-ripped noodles and OMG it was fantastic. The flavors, spice, texture. WHEW. I'm craving it now as I type this. If you can't take a little bit of heat I wouldn't order it. Not TOO spicy but definitely has a kick to it. But overall, IT'S SO GOOD. I can only imagine how good the other menu items are.
#REVIEW#Do you want the best damn noodles in town? Great. Go to Xi'an. The food here is fantastic and the service is wonderful quick. I always get the spicy lamb noodles. I'm not sure if this is new or not because I don't remember the option previously (but may not have been paying attention), though you can choose your spiciness level! This is a major game changer. Still, I recommend the soy milk just in case. I once got the extra spicy and it was damn near inedible, though I challenge and believe others could eat it.The East Village location is filled with a ton of bros who can be pretty annoying/loud when they're drunk. The servers at Xi'an are always so kind, courteous, and quick, and never seem to be annoyed.There's not a ton of seating inside, so either plan to eat quickly or take your food to go and eat at Tompkins Square Park, a 5 minute walk away.
#REVIEW#I found this spot while looking for Chinese noodles outside Chinatown or Queens (we will fit those in next time!) and specifically something we could grab quickly before going to see Stomp at The Orpheum just down the street.My husband ordered their most popular dish, the spicy cumin lamb hand ripped noodles, and they definitely lived up to the hype. Chewy noodles, abundant meat, and a savory spicy sauce that had damn near what I would call a punch of cumin flavor. Loved these.I opted for the spicy tingly (because of the Szechuan peppercorns) beef noodles and even though the sauces looked the same in both dishes, the taste of this sauce was much sweeter and more pungent than the lamb one. Still enjoyed these, but they were definitely less memorable.And yes, these were both super spicy; however, they had the right kind of heat - addictive while eating, but quick to fade from your mouth when done.Xi'an might be a local chain and these noodles might seem common if you live in NYC, but it is not at all easy to hunt down a meal like this where we live. Very glad to have stopped in.
#REVIEW#Yo, I'm Fox and I come from TEHRANI like to have sex while I eat WON TONI do 160 on the AutoBAHNLike Right Said Fred, I'm too sexy for MILANI learned to French Kiss while at the SORBONNEDoctored in Maths, I could've been a DONI'm like Oppenheimer, girls tell me I'm the BOMBSo until the DAWN, let's Marvin Gaye and get it ONIf I was in Star Wars I'd be HANIf I was Kirk I'd be the wrath of KHANIf I was Connery (SEAN) I'd be BOND, James BONDAnd like Jerry Maguire, I'm the ambassador of KWANIf I was a Beatle I'd be JOHNIf I was an Eagle I'd be DONIf I was N'Sync I'd be GONEAnd if you're at XI'AN, always get the N1It was a very very long walk in the freezing cold wearing nothing but a very slutty muscle shirt to get to Xi'an, but it was worth it because the Lamb Human was as delicious as ever. That was supposed to say Lamb Cumin but even if was human, I'd still eat it, considering the way it tastes.Get the N1. It changed my life. It's Xi'an's famous "Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles" (SCLHRN to friends). The greatest Chinese meal I've ever had. Maybe the best meal of any kind. I thought I wasn't a Chinese food fan. In fact, I just hadn't tried XI'AN yet. Nothing rocks my world like Xian's SCLHRN.Perhaps not as delicious as the old days of the basement in Queens but still spectacular, and I mean u-t-t-e-r-l-y s-p-e-c-t-a-c-u-l-a-r.I still miss the basement. I'd have stuck to that original location in Queens except, well, it doesn't serve hot food anymore. Great decision. (Bangs head on wall)I did not appreciate the mixed messages with the sign at the counter saying that we do not accept tips... and then the sign on the wall saying that tips are optional. Dude really needs to make up his mind, and now that he's a multi-million selling mogul he needs to stop being weird about tips. And you may know what happened with the Yelp issue he had... I understand both sides of the argument, but still. Ew. Also, he's obsessed with early 90s rap, but then I guess a lot of people are. And let's not forget, there's a lot of sexist music out there but early 90s rap is near the top of that tree. And he has some Maroon 5 on his playlist too so. He makes all of his stores listen to that same playlist... his prerogative, but ew. They must get pretty sick of it cuz it's always the same in every store. Fair enough.The girl working here was really nice and I gave her a tip even though she wasn't supposed to take tips and she was very appreciative and then super friendly and hitting on me for the rest of the evening. Which I really appreciated. Maybe she wanted an even bigger tip. Ahem.There were a couple of nice people in here and the space is wayyyyy too cramped so we were elbow-to-elbow trying to eat our noodles and as I was leaving I told them the story of the original restaurant. I have no idea if they appreciated it. I think she did more than he did LOL. She was from out of town and he was from NYC so I guess he should have been the one telling it, but you know me. But he was super friendly so it was okay.Anyway, the food and the one server girl were too perfect to not give 5 stars despite the major caveats.I'm closer to China than f***ing TAIWANOnly thing that comes before "mi" is BANHI been having sex while you been having NONEYou wanna Josh Duggar wit yo sister and yo MOMI be friends with Cheadle, you don't know DONI f***ed lots of Latin girls, you ain't f***ed JUANIf you did, you'd have a premature ejaculaTIONLike Nic Cage, in 60 seconds you'd be GONEI count to a billion, you only count to ONEThe biopic about me was screened at CANNESEvery girl I meet wants to have my SPAWNYou eat Sweet N Sour Pork, I eat XI'ANAny place claiming to be better is a CONSlow start, but ugly duck became a SWANTastes better than the girl I just went down ONAnd her sister, 2 brothers, Uncle and her MOMAnd my Arabic boyfriend named HASSANXI'AN is a motherf***ing food phenomeNONMichelle Pfeiffer comes here for Dangerous LIAISONSOwner so rich he got 69 MAISONSI won't eat your muffin if it's got nuts and RAISINSAnd I don't understand how this rhymes with XI'ANI get excited watching you dance to ReggaeTONYou need to cool down, girl, drink this EVIANSkip General Tso's, try this XI'ANDamn girl, where's all my Lamb Cumin GONEYou'll wanna make babies and feed this to your SPAWNYou'll wanna marry Bowie like IMANYou'll make Argentina cry like EVA PERONYou'll come back to XI'AN and you'll get the N1I just f***ed 3 girls, 2 were named YVONNEMy Dad's from IRAN (but my real Dad's from KRYPTON)He spilled XI'AN, on his KORANBut Allah forgave him cuz ALLAH LOVES XI'ANIf I was Edward this would be my Bella SWANIf I went Overboard I'd be Goldie HAWNIf I crashed weddings I'd be Vince VAUGHNIf I was Borat I'd be from KAZAKHSTANIf food is the Mafia, XI'AN is the DONForget Neo Anderson, XI'AN is the ONEIf you only eat once in NY, EAT XI'ANOh sh*t, split ends, need to go to a SALON
#REVIEW#Authentic. Fast. Weirdly a very good date spot for foodies. This location is smaller than some others around the boroughs, but still just as tasty. You can share one noodle dish with someone else for a great snack to provided sustenance as you shop around the East Village. This location is also near plenty of other inventive Asian spots on St. Marks, so dessert and other treats are just around the corner.Get the spicy cumin lamb, but caution to those wearing white. I had to fashion myself a nice bib out of 3 paper towels but still enjoyed the dish fully.
#REVIEW#After trying this place for the first time I ate here like once a week for a month! It's soooo good! The noodles are fresh! The sauce is spicy! And the meat is so tender! Would recommend this place any day for any mood!
#REVIEW#Solid Chinese food - very good place ESSPECIALLY if you like eating spicy foods. They got THE SPICE. Remember not that much seating so takeout may be the move. Good thing is service is fast. I always go mild tbh but if you are daring enough, they got you covered. Best deal here is the Lamb burger - a little Spicey. The meat tends to fall to the bottom but it's nice and warm and super great deal for  about $6.15 with tax The Noodle dishes are also very good you can get them with soup or without. Reminds me of a Koh Soi if any of you have eaten northern Thai food (Chiangmai). These are around $9-12 Thick noodles only it seems - but hey, they are delicious!! If you liked this review follow me on YouTube or Instagram at Tommy Today!! I love food yo. Thank you for reading, hope you have an amazing day
#REVIEW#Will go back again and again! I got the spicy and tingly beef noodles and it was amazing. This is not for the weak hearted - the noodles were truly spicy and my tongue truly tingled. It was delicious. Price was so affordable and I was shocked to see how low these prices were. I can't wait to try an array of items that were on the menu. I have no regrets about my decision to eat here.
#REVIEW#My husband and I had visited Xi'an Famous Foods a while ago -- it was during our first trip together to NYC. I had saw a lot of TV shows that featured Xi'an Famous Foods so I really wanted to go!We came here for dinner one night and it was relatively busy. People were staying and eating or taking it to go. The space of the establishment, like many others, isn't large. Most of it is "bar" type seating, which isn't really a problem.My husband and I shared the spicy cumin lamb noodles, which was one of their most popular dishes. The noodles were great! They weren't soggy at all and kept a really nice "al dente" texture. I love the flavor. I personally really like Xi'an style foods. I love lamb with cumin! It's not for everyone though. Some people might think the noodles are too under cooked for liking. The only thing about the dish was that it was a little bit on the oily side. It is because of the chili oil but if it was a little less oily, it'd be perfect :)
#REVIEW#This is a review for only the spicy cumin lamb noodles which it's most known for. TLDR it's all hype, NEXT. My best friend from New York did not recommend this place but it was next to my airbnb and I was hungry and curious. This 4 feet long noodle dish was too chewy and the sauce/lamb was OK. It tasted kind of sour and the cumin was a little strong for me. It also felt like the dish was sitting out for a bit because the noodles were room temp and some were stuck together. Also, this is minor but the tables are a little too high which made it pretty uncomfortable eating. Lesson learned: heed your best friend's advice. Both about that guy and tourist-y food.
#REVIEW#Yeah. Ok. Yep. Mmmhmmm. I eat it a lot. Too spicy for my damn wiener kids but I eat it when they aren't around. Sure thing. And the dumplings?!?!?! Right?
#REVIEW#So Today was my second visit here (both times had the oxtail in soup) Last time I dined in as suggested so to not compromise the flavor, this time I had takeout, no biggie since I love just a couple blocks away. Got home and it was still hot. This time I ordered extra spicy, not sure if they forgot to make it extra spicy just didn't hear my request upon ordering, it wasn't really spicy at all. The meat was delicious, fatty, and falls right off the bone, the noodles were good. Overall I give it a 4, it was ok but nothing really spectacular as others have described and over priced for the bowl. The broth had a somewhat chalky texture this time. The broth tastes the same as the beef soup from han dynasty and theirs is much spicier Also, I don't find that not dining in compromises the flavor but that's just me. Ultimately, if this spot is convenient for you, have at it but. I'd come back if they had the oxtail sold separately as the meat was delicious but not for soup.
#REVIEW#In the cosmopolitan food capital of NYC, sometimes all you need is a bowl of warm homemade noodles. Xi'an Famous Food definitely provides that if you are craving a cheap and tasty comfort food. I ordered the beef noodles while my mom ordered the same thing (except in a stew version). Both were VERY delicious. The noodles are  hot, fresh, and have the perfect chew.  You can even see them hand pulling them in the store! Also the beef is extremely tender and full of flavor. The seating for the store is extremely limited so if you want to guarantee no line and some seating, come right when it opens (we did not have to wait and found seats right away).  I will definitely come back.
#REVIEW#This place blew my mind ! Best place to go if you're craving Chinese savory food... drools** I came here back twice during my NYC trip because it was that good. The menu has a huge selection. The noodles are a sharing portion and are way larger than regular noodles. The sauce is pretty addicting. IVE HAD:- Pork Beef Stew- Lamb dumplings- Spicy beef noodles- Spicy lamb noodles- Chili cucumbers- Pork noodle soup
#REVIEW#This was my first time trying a Xi'an restaurant because my boyfriend had been wanting to try it for a while. It was unique and delicious! There are vegan options available, so I ordered the "Cold Skin Noodles." He ordered lamb noodles and loved them. The food was hot and fresh and served as the perfect comfort food for a chilly day. I especially loved the chili oil available to top your dish, which I wish I could store in a huge vat at home.There are not a lot of seats available inside, so expect to become friends with your neighbor, lol! It's super casual though, and the prices are great.I'm definitely going to be on the lookout for this cuisine back in DC!
#REVIEW#XFF is a true NY staple. What started as a small stall in the basement of the Golden Shopping Mall in Flushing, they've now expanded to multiple locations throughout the city. No matter what they serve it here, there is always something suitable for everyone's tastebuds and nothing disappoints. The favorites here are their lamb seasoned with cumin burgers and the hand-pulled noodles. The spicy sauce for the noodles are seasoned with a number of different herbs and spices to all make up a delicious concoction of aromatic and tasteful flavors. The consistency of noodles are nice and chewy and the celery that also goes in the noodles adds a nice crunch. My favorites are the spicy and tingly beef noodles and the cumin with lamb noodles. Overall, I'd highly recommend paying a visit here whenever you're in the area and craving some Xi'an comfort food. They also offer an assortment of herbal teas that are extremely refreshing.
#REVIEW#If you love vinegar, spice, and everything nice then COME HERE and get the Liang Pi/Cold-Skin Noodles. On a quick weekend trip to NY and I absolutely had to make a stop here. Thanks to Anthony Bordain (may he Rest In Peace) I had to try what the hype was about. The noodles have a great texture and the porous meat substitutes (gluten?) is a great addition to this dish. There's some cilantro, bean sprouts, and cucumber thrown in the mix, too. I'm currently at LGA eating my leftovers and really had to write the review right now. Yall... Do yourself a favor and stop by a nearby Xi'an Famous Foods. Xoxo,Gossip girl
#REVIEW#I've had Xi'ans almost 2-3 times per week this year with my regular order of A1 with mild spicy sauce at my go to location at 45th St & 5th Ave and they have never upsetted me until I came upon this location. Ordered twice here to go and both times they have failed to make my order the right way. I order mild for a reason, I can't take spicy unlike others. But in this location, whoever preps the noodles is trying to kill me by adding alot of spicy chili oil sauce on it, and its not even the oil part that they add; they add the chili chunks on the bottom of the oil that is bitter and spicy and doesn't have a good taste when eaten. My noodles were dark red and you could see the small chunks of the bitter chunks everywhere. Will never come back again to this location, you guys need to learn your spicy levels and not ruin someones night by messing up their orders.
#REVIEW#Xian was my go-to when I was craving Asian-style noodles in midtown and didn't have time to make the long haul down to Chinatown. Unfortunately, my last visit caused me to question this. Admittedly, I showed up late in the day, so I guess I shouldn't have been too surprised when my go-to order, liang pi noodles, were sold out.  So I ended up ordering the vegetable hand pulled noodles instead. I had an upset stomach that day, so I specifically ordered my noodles with NO spiciness. Unfortunately, the kitchen must've not read the order because my order was FULL of spicy Sichuan hot pepper bits. I took it back and watched as they put my order in a sieve, rinsed it with water, and then inelegantly dumped some soy sauce on top. As you could imagine, there were still hot pepper bits so the order was still spicy. In addition, it was oversalted, and I drank 3 bottles of water during the night because I was so thirsty from the meal. Even if my order has been correct, the vegetables the noodles came with were pretty abysmal. Who serves pieces of potato in an Asian noodle dish?? Other than the wood ear mushrooms and tofu, none of the vegetables were authentically Asian. The one shining bit of this trip was the hand pulled noodles, which were deliciously and freshly pulled as I waited. But I would've rather eaten the noodles plain than have eaten that oversalted sauce.Unfortunately, I'm not sure I'll be back to Xian unless I go early enough in the day that I can guarantee I'll get my liang pi noodles.
#REVIEW#OMG so good (even for vegetarians!)I stopped by here with a friend and got the liang pi-cold skin noodles and the spinach vegetable dumplings. Both dishes were amazing! Super delicious and full of flavor. I added a ton of chili oil too because it's the best part! I'll definitely be back!
