#NAME#Boka
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/boka-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#3.5 starsSolid option for Korean fried chicken in the East Village. We arrived at their listed opening time of 11am for lunch but they did not open until 11:30. Not a big issue since there's a ton of things to do in the area to pass the time. When we entered we were greeted and seated right away. Food came out very quickly after we ordered!Fried chicken- We got the soy garlic flavor and the skin was very crispy. The sauce could've been a bit more flavorful though, especially since I'm so used to the bold soy garlic sauce at Korean fried chicken places in Flushing. If you want to try both the wings and the drumsticks, the combos are a pretty good deal.Beef bibimbap- Loved the crispy rice that came in the hot stone bowlSeafood pancake- While the flavor wasn't bad, it came out very limp and mushy, which was kind of a disappointment.Japchae- Comes with jalepeno peppers!! Added the perfect amount of heat to a delicious noodle dish.I wouldn't say this was the best Korean restaurant I've ever been to but the food here was definitely good and it's located in a convenient location. Prices are standard for this type of cuisine. Rounding up because the service was excellent!
#REVIEW#Love the fried chicken but that's about it. Wish the waiters were a bit more attentive, like refilling our glass of water or bring us more napkins. The japchae was decent. I've had better. But I really enjoyed their 'fries with the works.' It was pretty amazing. If I order from here again, I'd order takeout because I'd rather not have to constantly ask them to refill my water.
#REVIEW#My husband and I went there on one of Friday night. Most of place around the area was packed, only this one still had 2 seats left. I guessed because they accepted cash only. We order chickens wings and legs combo, seafood tofu soup, beef hot stone bowl, steak and egg on kimchee fried rice.The chicken wings and legs were dry with no taste inside. This dish should be their signature  since you can see every table ordered them. Unfortunately, we didn't like it at all.Beef hot stone bowl was alright. Not too bad.Seafood tofu soup was amazing. Tofu soft like silk with lots of favor soup base. We  definitely will come back for this soup.
#REVIEW#Seriously some of the best Korean Fried Chicken I've ever had!!!!  I was visiting from LA and a local took me here to satisfy a KFC craving.  Did not disappoint.  The wings were well flavored down to the bone.  The outside was super crisp.  The inside tender and juicy.  I tried the regular ginger soy and the spicy wings.  Both were delicious.  The spicy definitely has a kick, but not overpowering.  The regular wings had amazing flavor.  I alternated eating a spicy followed by a regular and it was perfect.  Paired with an ice cold Sapporo, you have a match made in heaven.The bathrooms are are filthy!  Hold it if you can!
#REVIEW#The food here was so flavorful!Medium Half & Half Wings- These were the best Korean chicken wings I've ever had. They were extra crispy outside and perfectly cooked inside. I was kind of surprised that the wings didn't come with pickled radish like they do at other restaurants though. ($15)Bulgogi- The beef was so tender and delicious. Probably one of the most flavorful beef dishes I've ever had. I also ordered a side of rice to make this dish more filling. ($17)I feel like the dishes are a bit pricey for the quantity, but the flavors make up for the lack in size.
#REVIEW#Disclaimer: despite my star rating, I will keep going back to Boka when my coworkers want to, because the chicken is solid and I enjoy the atmosphere.The two docked stars are for:Watermelon soju - the size of the watermelon doesn't warrant the $30 price.Seafood pancake - I order seafood pancake at every single Korean restaurant I can. Because it's my favorite. And now I've come to judge restaurants based on their SP. And Boka's SP is subpar, not fully cooked through because it's too packed, breaks apart when you pick it up, and soggy.Everything else:Large combo (15 pieces) half soy garlic half spicy - A- (spicy is pretty spicy)French fries with the works - B+Spicy rice cakes - A- (spicy! Also first time having the fried seaweed vermicelli rolls, delicious!)All this food was plenty for four women.
#REVIEW#Best Korean fried chicken place! Been coming here for 8 years now and they still do it so well! The skin is super crispy and the sauce doesn't make it soggy at all. If you like spice, definitely go for the spicy option but for non spice lovers, they have soy garlic flavor as well. If you're in the mood for both, you can also do half and half. Don't forget to also get watermelon soju if you like fresh watermelon juice with soju, they come in an actual watermelon and apparently it contains a bottle and a half soju in it.They have other Korean food options as well, so you don't need to just eat fried chicken, and other options are pretty good as well, such as the soup.Definitely a great place to start your night off!
#REVIEW#Perusing St. Mark for a post-dinner chill spot, my friends and I ended up at Boka. On a Friday night, there were many people trying to get in and out of the place. However, we were very quickly seated; there were ample tables inside.I was first very surprised by how modern and pretty the decor inside was. The black brick walls matched well with the unique light bulbs on the ceiling. There was a bar area with counter seatings and booth areas for larger parties. The place was bustling with customers and active staffs.We got 2 mixed sojus to share, mango and lychee. The Mango soju was rather diluted and didn't taste much different from straight soju. On the other hand, the lychee was delightful, sweet and fresh.Although we have already had dinner, we couldn't resist the aromatic fried chicken smell that permeated the whole place because every table seemed to order it. We got a Medium Combo Platter with 6 wings and 3 thighs. They also let us do a mix between Sweet Spicy and Garlic. The chickens were amazing, soft and juicy on the inside and flavorful and crispy on the outside.With solid food, drinks, and atmosphere that let you hold proper conversation, Boka is a great spot for friends to hangout late into the night.
#REVIEW#I've been coming to this place since my college days. A cool little spot located by St. Marks Place that's open late and has not changed. The garlic and soy wings are my go to order. The last time I was there I tried the shrimp rice and it was one of the best I've ever had. Worth every penny!
#REVIEW#I've been here a few times and enjoyed it a lot! Had wings and drumsticks of course, but also the bibimbap and buns.The soy garlic drumsticks are amazing. Sometimes they're juicier and sometimes they're drier, but I guess it's hard to be consistent when churning out nonstop fried chicken? The bibimbap I've had before is also decent, not that I have high expectations for it. The Lychee Soju I've had in the past is actual alcohol and not crazy priced, but yesterday, when I went to Boka, I wanted to try the Watermelon Soju. That was $29 for a small watermelon with weak soju and basically only filled 3 glasses. So expensive. Since it was a birthday celebration as well, I did ask for a reservation set aside for 23 people (originally 18) and I'm ecstatic that Boka was able to accommodate. They have nowhere to put cake in the back, but luckily we put it on a seat and therefore, there was no extra cake charge.Problem though: aside from accepting ONLY cash, our receipt already had 18% tip tacked on, yet there were gratuity amounts listed at the bottom, so I gave an extra 20% tip without noticing. @Boka: Please don't do this; it is super shady and upsets your customers aka potential future revenue.
#REVIEW#Boka has one of the most amazing wings I've ever eaten. Their wings comes in two flavors, you can order them soy garlic and spicy or mix and match of your own amount. I've visited this place almost once every week or two. Every single time I've came with my friends the service was excellent. We never have to wait to long for our food and drinks to come.
#REVIEW#Had dinner at Boka with a group of 9 at 8PM - we made a reservation earlier and were seated in a private room with transparent glass, which was nice. However, the two tables were separate and meant to seat 4-5 people each, which defeated the purpose of a reservation because we wanted to sit as a group. I ordered the medium soy and garlic flavored chicken combo, which came with wings and drumsticks. The skin was crispy and the chicken is not dry and crusty like some places - it was really flavorful and juicy, so I definitely recommend the fried chicken :) The service was also efficient and attentive, and servers are constantly checking on the food quality and any additional requests, which was great. However, I docked off 2 stars because Boka does this thing for big groups where the restaurant subtly charges 18% tip on the receipt already, and still requests additional gratuity, making it seem like more tip is required. This is honestly a messed up business practice and upsetting to customers, so pls be careful not to DOUBLE TIP! I paid 38% tip as a result, which is rather ridiculous, so this really ruined my experience at Boka.
#REVIEW#Came here for a recovery meal of soondubu after a night out, which was solid.As someone who usually can't handle spicy food, I would actually recommend getting the "spicy" version, because the "mild" was almost too bland. I got the beef tofu stew which satisfied my cravings and came out very fast as well.The lighting and ambience of this place is also very nice, and would be great for a cute date. I'd love to come back and try more of their dishes when I'm back in the St. Mark's area!
#REVIEW#Boka was recommended to me a while ago for their wings, so when my friends and I stumbled out of happy hour drinks in need of food, we decided to give it a shot. As a group appetizer we ordered the large chicken and drumsticks combo, half spicy and half soy. The wings came out quickly, but overall were not that impressive. Although the breading on the chicken retained it's crispiness with the sauce, it still felt a bit underwhelming for a restaurant that specializes in their chicken. I don't think I would be able to differentiate between Boka's wings with any other typical korean fried chicken. Like other typical spots, I would have also liked to have some pickled radish along with the wings to cut the spiciness. For my main, I decided to order the steak and eggs dish that my friend had been drunkenly raving about. This dish was a simple kimchi fried rice topped with three pieces of Korean short rib and two eggs served on top of a hot griddle. I like this adaption of a classic diner steak and eggs, but overall it felt underwhelming. I felt as if there could have been a larger portion of the kimchi fried rice, especially since I really enjoyed the crispiness of the fried rice on the griddle. The pieces of Korean short rib, although good, could have been cooked on the griddle to much better effect. From the way it was plated, it seemed that the short rib was cooked separately, why not use the griddle to its full effect. The eggs were completely stuck to the griddle. Either a bit more oil should be used when cooking the eggs or the cast iron definitely needs to be seasoned properly. Overall Boka was an underwhelming experience. I do definitely see the potential for Boka on Saint Marks though (as there are no other Korean Fried Chicken places that I know of), just a few improvements to its menu and food and it'll definitely shine.
#REVIEW#I've come here since I was a freshman in college and I still keep coming back. This place is usually popping on the weekends. You have to stand outside and wait for a table, like many other restaurants on St. Marks. We came on a Thursday evening and were so surprised that the restaurant wasn't full. We waited at the bar for a table to open up and it was actually quite comfortable. Next time if it's only two people, I would consider sitting at the bar. We ordered the wings, which are a must, bibimbap, and kimchi pancake. The bibimbap has the quantity of three small bowls of rice. The kimchi pancake was quite small.
#REVIEW#Boka serves really good fried chicken. I came here a bunch of times with my friends for dinner and I always order the chicken. I ordered the rice ball and the pork buns a few times but they weren't as good as the chicken. I mean, what can go wrong with chicken? Not sure if they still sell it but I also tried their raindrop cake for $5! Usually other places sells it for $10+ and surprisingly it was $5 here. What also was surprising was that it's never busy. I always walk in with only a few tables occupied.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Thursday night and it wasn't too busy. It was really easy to make a reservation over the phone for a group of 9 and they were understanding when I told them we were going to be 15 mins late (we were actually only 5 mins late). The place is really dim when you get in but with such a large party we were placed in a sort of private area like a glass booth which was nice but instead of one large table or pushing tables together, there were two tables pretty separated so we had to split up and eat in two different groups which was not the point of making a reservation for 9? For the food, the chicken is the only thing that I would recommend here really because it's flavored well. I got the YOOK GAE JANG which is spicy soup with beef flank and vegetables. I get this pretty often at different korean restaurants but oh my god the yook gae jang here is so salty. It wasn't even that spicy but maybe because I was just so distracted by how salty it was. I tried to do the best I could to eat it but once I ran out of rice (which was very much needed to balance out the salty broth) it was getting very difficult to keep eating. I even asked three of my friends to try it and they all agreed that it was way too salty. Hands down the saltiest dish I've ever eaten tbh :/They charge 18% tip for groups larger than 5 but it gets confusing when you pay with card and they post suggested tips again at the bottom of the receipt. This makes it VERY easy to DOUBLE TIP on accident which is kinda messed up. Just be careful when looking at the receipt since they don't make it very obvious either.
#REVIEW#This is mainly for the waiter who really needs to know his role:Here's the most valuable tip you will ever receive -- if you are going to be waiting table, you best believe that you should be friendly to the people who walk in to spend money. I do not appreciate, neither would anyone else, appreciate being greeted by a look of annoyance and without a word when asking to see a menu. While waiting for my food, I was asked by the same waiter to sit down since there was a group that was seated at the table next to me. I don't believe I was in any way of disturbing or even near the seated customers but he felt the need to tell me to move.  To make things worst when I got home, my take out order was not what I had originally asked for. This is my own fault and now my lesson learned because what I should've done is walk right back out from the very moment I was approached by this waiter. Needless to say I will not be returning although I had been a customer here for years. The wait staff was a lot better before and the menu used to have a lot more choices. Finally, my advice is that you'd ought to spend your money elsewhere where at least the waiter would actually seem to care.
#REVIEW#I came here with a friend for dinner on Friday night. The place was pretty crowded, but we were able to get a table for two after about half an hour. There wasn't much space to wait inside, so we took a stroll outside for a while. We ordered the korean fried chicken wings and drumstick combo along with a large pitcher of lychee soju. The wings were fantastic; they were crispy and flavorful on the outside while still being juicy on the inside. The soju was pretty value also, the large size is definitely the best value. The wait staff were very friendly, though they're pretty busy so you probably need to wave them down in order to get their attention. Overall, I had a great experience and would definitely come again.
#REVIEW#If you think American fried chicken is amazing, wait until you try Korean fried chicken. Boka is by far the best place for Korean fried chicken in NYC, and I have been to BonChon, Pelicana, Olive BBQ, and KyoChon. The drumsticks are my favorite, but I usually get the large combo and share with friends. The drumsticks are meaty and juicy, and the skin is always crispy. The one thing I would comment on is that the spicy sauce isn't always consistent. Sometimes it's not spicy enough and other times it's really spicy. I like spice though so I don't mind as much. The soy garlic is also really good. Not only is the fried chicken good, their other food options are great as well. I usually get the Korean Steak and Eggs when I don't get the fried chicken.
