#NAME#Cheeky Sandwiches
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cheeky-sandwiches-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sandwiches,desserts#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#The F@$$$#@G best sandwich shop with the nicest owner! The lovely dense beignets were a delicious appetizer to the signature Fried Chicken Sandwich. THe mouthwatering buttermilk biscuit held its own against the gravy and coleslaw while the chicken was juicy and flavorful.Please go. I know that the sign is hard to see but trust your nose.
#REVIEW#I came here on Sunday for lunch. The place was small, extremely dirty and run down. The workers were friendly. Their popular fried chicken biscuit sandwich was just.. okay. The sandwich is made to order and comes piping hot. Be careful! It's also very messy to eat so have several napkins prepared. The fried chicken itself was so greasy and salty. It tasted like oil. The gravy and coleslaw was a nice touch but to my surprise, the buttermilk biscuit was the best part. It was buttery and not dry at all! Unfortunately, I don't feel that it was an amazing sandwich and worth the trip to come back.
#REVIEW#2.5weed pens on cook's mouth with 15 people waiting for their food to come out is not the right time to be in this closet sized sandwich shop.Saw the chef beating the gravy fresh in the back and pile about 8 battered chicken pieces in a single fryer. Result was very spotty and soggy, fried chicken. Guess he probably thought nobody would notice it since it's covered in thick, pasty gravy anyways, but I was sitting at the bar just watching the dude go to work as he puffed away.Disappointing experience, especially this place had such good reviews and compliments around it. But biscuit was solid and it probably was the only saving favor of the sandwich.
#REVIEW#When you're looking for a restaurant that fits the definition of "a hole in the wall", this place fits the description and then some. A very poorly maintained outside and I guess it's clean enough in the inside to not be shut down by the health department as they have a "C" sanitation rating. Renovation anyone? Regardless, Yelp doesn't lie.I got their Chicken Sandwich which is their fried chicken served with cole slaw and gravy on a buttermilk biscuit. The gravy makes it a messy sandwich to eat, but it's actually pretty darn good. Place is pretty laid back and seating is very limited. Just be prepared to be walking into a shack rather than what you'd expect for a restaurant.
#REVIEW#SO GOOD! Super small hole in the wall that looks like nothing. I would give this place 5 stars, but the C health inspection is a little concerning. The breakfast sandwich was amazing. There was too much tabasco for my little tummy, but I can't stop thinking about the perfectness of the scrambled eggs and the biscuit and the veggies. Can't wait to come back.
#REVIEW#SENSATIONAL:  The definition of a true whole in the wall and an out-of-this world sandwich made by an ancient warrior who has perfected his craft.
#REVIEW#When you're hormonal and you crave biscuits, you google the best biscuits in NYC and hope for the best fully knowing you aren't in the south and this could get dicey. Cheeky Sandwiches came across my search and I went in to get a biscuit. The guy there thought I was crazy just ordering a plain biscuit with nothing on it and not even heated up. I saw they had Zappa's chips behind the counter so naturally I got a bag of Voodoo flavor to go as well. These biscuits were really good!! I was pretty impressed. It had nice flavor and was pretty close to the right texture of a traditional southern biscuit. I bet they're sandwiches are pretty good too. The inside of this place is nothing special; kind of a hole in the wall but it adds to it's charm.
#REVIEW#Stopped by while waiting for our pizza at Scarr's. Ordered the secret sandwich and it did not disappoint. Very tight place with very little seating. People are really nice and makes sure you enjoy your food and have a good experience. You can see the food being prepped and it was very interesting to see their process. The sandwich was really good and I would recommend stopping by if you get a chance.
#REVIEW#Tbh I was skeptical at first with all the raves about this place but man it delivered. The spot is super tiny with literally one regular table that probably fits 3 people and two long, bar tables that can fit like 6 other people but you just can't walk around at all. The food took quite long to be made but it was worth it. I tried the infamous Chicken Sandwich and my friend had the Beef. The chicken sandwich really did surprise me with its fluffy, buttery biscuit (that I often detest) and moist, well-seasoned fried chicken. And that's not even the best part of it. It's the gravy that gives this 5 stars! It got this weird, KFC-mashed-potato-like texture and flavor that I just love so much! The Beef Sandwich is more of a regular that you can get pretty much anywhere.Although the place is kinda greasy and I doubt it if they get a B sanitary grade, BUT it's all worth it. And it's cheap.
#REVIEW#One would think you'd want Chinese food while in Chinatown but alas...the chicken biscuits here are freaking amazing. Bonus...another Louisiana native runs the joint! Hole in the wall but given I'm from Louisiana...those are always the best places to eat!
#REVIEW#Finally got a chance to try this shop. We stopped by for take out early in the morning. We ordered two breakfast sandwiches and wow. This brought back memories from the south. There are not many joints in the city that make good biscuits and chicken. The chicken was so protein-rich, real, and crispy. The biscuit was not dry and grainy. It was buttery and flaky! It was a lovely high-calorie snack for breakfast. The interior was very interesting - tons of graffiti.
#REVIEW#Quirk and Quality, those are the two things that stand out to me in a restaurant and this joint has just those.It almost looks like an abandoned building from the outside, which is cool.When you step inside, it is definitely a small place but DAMN the food it worth it.I mostly order for pickup, since there is only a few seating options, but it's a nice little walk down the street.I love this place.4.5/5
#REVIEW#Pretty good sandwich shop! Wasn't too worried about the sanitation reviews since most places I love are hole in the walls. Place was pretty empty on a Monday evening. I tried the half and half po boy and the fried chicken. The fried chicken biscuit was great - definitely my favorite. The gravy was delicious. The po boy was good, but not the winner for me. I believe it was $16 for the total of 2 sandwiches. Give it a try!
#REVIEW#For someone who lives in the southern part of the country but denies he lives in the South, hmmm, I got to say: "I'm going back to auntie". I mean, the chicken biscuit is a good piece of fried chicken, and a good biscuit (although some would argue this point), and it has a very beautifully crafted topping, but overall... sorry kids, take some time to visit Tennessee or North/South Carolina. Still a good experience though...
#REVIEW#Hard to find. Very low key. Looks like a hole in the wall. Food is okay.
#REVIEW#Ok this place has no outdoor sign and looks like a business that's been shutdown. I know for some that's the beauty here but let me continue.  Inside the place isn't just broken down it's hardly sanitary. Menu doesn't have any pricing which is illegal in NYC but the prices are reasonable.  The dish to get here is the chicken sandwich. The chicken is a little over cooked but it's seasoned well. The purple slaw was pickled to perfection.  The biscuit bun fell apart completely.  Even with the gravy it was a mess.  My chicken kept falling all over the place. Was it fresh ?  I couldn't say but it didn't work.  For takeout it's ok but I'm not going thru 10 napkins again to eat a sandwich
#REVIEW#So. Good.My go to sandwich here is the chicken biscuit, husband loves the half and half po boy. One thing I fear the most about chicken breast-based sandwiches is their tendency to be dry (I'm a dark meat girl). At Cheeky's, you're in good hands. The chicken here is moist, the biscuits soak up the gravy, and the vinegary slaw cuts heaviness of this sandwich perfectly. The po boy is no frills and just as delicious. The pork chop is juicy, sweet, and savory. Beignets are ok, but worth the $1. I highly recommend eating it in wrapper because it does become a yummy pile of goodness.
#REVIEW#Found this restaurant when I was doing research for a cheap eats video in New York for under $5.  They have really good biscuit sandwiches, and if you get the breakfast one I believe it is under $5!WAIT: Came on July 4th to get lunch and there were a few people seated inside but for the most part it was pretty empty.  There are only 2 people working so they are doing everything (taking orders, making food etc.).  We ordered our meal and then sat down and he said we could pay later.ATMOSPHERE: It's easy to miss with no large sign and on a pretty dead street.  Walk inside (they have A/C!) and there's a larger picnic style table and then benches and counter seating.  It's definitely small but there is a restroom and you can watch them making the food.  It feels a bit divey and like a neighborhood restaurant.  The owner was very nice and talked to us about how he came from New Orleans to start this restaurant and hence why it's New Orleans inspired food.FOOD: We opted for the fried chicken sandwich since he said it was their top seller and what they are known for.  I think it came out to be about $6 total.FRIED CHICKEN SANDWICH - It has fried chicken, red cabbage and gravy sandwiched between two biscuits.  It's not huge so it's enough for 1 person but we split it since we weren't that hungry.  The chicken was moist despite being white meat and very crispy.  I do wish there was a bit more gravy though.  The biscuits are homemade and you can tell, they are a little undercooked for my liking but they are dense and tasty.  They weren't too crumbly or overly crispy or hard, which I appreciated.  Overall, a great sandwich and I would definitely recommend.BEIGNETS - wanting to try the beignets, he actually gave us a few to try.  They were freshly made and piping hot.  They have a sweetness from the powdered sugar and were very tasty and crispy.  They are of course not as good as Cafe Du Monde, but still good!Overall, I love the homey feel of this place and definitely will be back to try more sandwiches!
#REVIEW#5 stars for food but come with low expectations for any ambiance. Despite what this place looks like or the C health inspection grade on their door (yikes), I still come back again and again. The sea, the chicken, and the "Ben-Yay's" are the ways to go. Amazing flavor comes out of this alleyway-like kitchen. Highly recommend a trip here!
#REVIEW#Cheeky Sandwiches *delivered* on the two things I had been craving for a long awhile: fried chicken and buttermilk biscuits. I came here on a Sunday afternoon (~1 pm) and the restaurant was almost empty... good for me because I was hungry enough and wasn't in the mood to deal with lines. My boyfriend and I both ordered buttermilk biscuit sandwiches (2 for $14.50... a steal!) and all my cravings were satisfied within the first bite. The biscuit is warm, crispy, and buttery and the fried chicken is thicc and battered really well. My boyfriend actually called it "the best fried chicken he's ever had". It was messy to eat because the biscuit was crumbling everywhere so if I wish anything had been different, it'd definitely be a less crumbly biscuit. I'm typically not a huge fan of cole slaw and gravy but the two ingredients definitely enhanced the biscuit and it was all-in-all a combination that worked great.All of their menu items sound fantastic and I would like to visit Cheeky's more consistently in the future so I can try some other sandwiches they offer. Tip: get the ginger ale! We enjoyed our sandwiches with blood orange ginger ale and that fizz was such a nice complement to our biscuit sandwiches. They even treated us with free ben-yays (beignets) ... as if our experience could get any Better. 5 stars and high recommendations for any and all!
