#NAME#Takahachi Bakery
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/takahachi-bakery-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bakeries,japanese,coffee#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I love sweets. I love coffee. I love Takahachi Bakery. The cassis noir..I don't think I'll ever be able to enjoy a peanut butter and jelly without thoughts of how the cassis noir c o m p r e h s i v e l y shattered my nostalgia by trouncing even the premise of a PB&J and dethroning its place in my heart with a robustly distinct and unique mixture of everything I used to enjoy in my youth and then some.The iced vanilla latte? Just that. Great coffee. Real vanilla. Not some sugary syrup. Not even the watering of the ice could hope to mask its excellence. This place is dope. I'm not sure I could realistically want anything else from a cafe. It'll be difficult to find a spot whose love for what they do is as apparent in what they offer. Can't wait to try something else when I'm back next
#REVIEW#I was excited for a Japanese bakery nearby especially in the downtown area. Unfortunately, the hype for this bakery falls short in terms of expectation. I do love that there's a weekly schedule for daily baked fresh bread. There are different flavors available depending on the day of the week. I haven't tried it so I can't say if the quality and consistency is good.I visited on a Saturday evening right before they were closing. Unfortunately, the staff did not appear friendly or helpful. Not sure if it was towards closing or they were ready to end the day. I had to approach one of the cashiers to ask if they had the Japanese strawberry shortcakeイチゴのショートケーキ available. Fortunately, they were baking a fresh batch in the kitchen. She asked to wait a few minutes. While I was waiting, Hub picked up an assortment bag of pastries. The label was noted only available on weekends. It was filled with a mini croissant, hot dog bun, and melon pan bun. It was ok. Nothing that resembled even remotely close to what you get at an authentic Japanese bakery or even Japanese standard. I was expecting a somewhat similar quality. The most disappointing of all was the actual cake! Japanese strawberry shortcake center piece is the sponge cake itself. It gives an airy and light texture. This was note the case with Takahachi. Sadly, their version uses the American batter cake. Their saving grace was only the whipped cream and fresh strawberries. Unfortunately, without the proper cake texture, it just ruined the highlight of a traditional Japanese dessert. It felt dense and heavy instead of the moist and airy feel of the cake. It was not worth the visit. Also, the poor service and unauthentic quality of the baked goods attributed to the two stars.
#REVIEW#Nice little Japanese Bakery with great bread. My pro tip for you is to come early in the morning to snag items on sale in the sale basket, which bundles an assortment of breads, buns, and pastries for a cheaper price.  For $4.75, I was able to try popular items. Overall, Takahachi is very subtle with flavors.  - The wasabi bun was oily on top but had a manageable wasabi flavor, quite unique!- Black sesame loaf had a disappointingly weak hint of black sesame- Chocolate baguette was my favorite.  It wasn't overwhelmingly powerful in flavor, the chew was good. - I also tried the much raved about white bread (also known as milk bread) with its soft texture and crisp edges. Bring it home, toast it, and smear some butter with drizzled honey and sprinkle of salt. Perfection!The staff is a bit unhelpful. They won't toast anything for you, they charge 25 cents if you ask for some butter, and when I asked if they had their milk bread (also known as white bread), the guy at the counter said it was only available Monday, Wednesday, and Friday..  Well, that's incorrect because white bread is sold everyday??
#REVIEW#Great little bakery shop near the World Trade Center. I saw the reviews of the Matcha Crepe and had to try it. I enjoyed the taste and consistency. It was just sweet enough without being over-sweetened. The red bean filling was delicious. I think it would taste even better if it was warm and freshly-made. Aside from this, the shop had a lot of other bakery items. Friendly staff and there were enough chairs and tables to sit several groups of 4.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday afternoon with my dear friend for some dessert. I've heard a lot about their matcha crepe so I was dying to try it as the combination of azuki/red bean and matcha is a golden combination. I'm glad to say I wasn't disappointed.The matcha crepe was definitely tinier then I expected - it was probably a bit larger than the size of my hand (but yay for me because that means I have more space for more desserts!). Overall taste though was alright. The filling is a bit sweeter than I would've preferred and the amount of red beans in it wasn't enough for me. But otherwise the crepe was wonderfully cooked and there was a good amount of matcha powder there to really being our the matcha flavor.I also got their Sweet Lemon Cream Puff Bread as it looked hella appealing. The first thing I noticed though was that the bread was pretty burnt on the outer crust, which was really disappointing as it definitely affected the taste. The texture was great as well as the filling. The filling was very tangy of lemony flavor and was very silky and smooth. But the burntness of the bread really affected my overall experience and I hope this doesn't happen again.I'd be down to give this place another try once they start taking better care of their pastries! But in the meantime, Takahachi has lots to improve upon.
#REVIEW#A petite Japanese bakery shop. The glass between the kitchen and the shop is transparent so you can see what's going on in the kitchen--and I noticed that most of the bakers are dedicated Asian women :-)My matcha brûlée was freshly made with caramelized sugar by one of the women bakers and it was so good! There was this nice balance between the flavor of matcha and creaminess and it was the right amount of sweetness. The famous matcha crepe was wrapped in a newspaper style parchment paper. It was so soft and sweet, just like on the cloud...We also enjoyed their danish toast, pineapple bun, and matcha brioche. The coffee was pretty good. My least favorite is the matcha latte, it was too heavy in matcha which made the drink kind of bitter!Overall, you would not be disappointed by most of the items in the store. But their matcha series cakes definitely worth a special trip!
#REVIEW#Quality has gone down or came on an off day. Their green tea crepe cake doesn't have enough cream-red bean filling and has become visibly skinnier. Strawberry Mille crepe was quite bland. Really hoping that it's a one time, off day as I love this place and recommend it to friends/family who come to visit.
#REVIEW#Cute Japanese bakery that has little treasures inside.  Would highly recommend the matcha crepe roll.  The thought of it makes my mouth water.  The layers of crepe just melt in your mouth.  The cream isn't too sweet and the matcha taste is potent.  Besides the must-try matcha crepe roll, there are other interesting Asian pastries I had never seen before like an edamame cheese roll.  All yummy, but not on the same level as the matcha roll.  Also had the honey lemon drink, which was great to have on a rainy day.
#REVIEW#I loved the matcha crepes. It's one of the desserts to go to. However, my experience today was not as good. It's smaller than usual and the filing is lesser. Hence, it's not as satisfying as before. I'm not sure if they are cutting on the filing or because it's done by someone inexperienced. Hence, it's-1 star.
#REVIEW#Came here for the green tea crepe, and it did not disappoint!  It was so soft, and I loved that it wasn't too sweet.  Our group got a variety of drinks and pastries, and we loved everything!  Do make a stop here if you're in the area.
#REVIEW#Really delicious matcha mousse cake. I called ahead the day of to see which cakes were available. The lady was very helpful, she said that if I went in an hour, they could make the matcha mousse cake for me -- it was delicious and they birthday girl enjoyed it ! I'll be back to order the strawberry short cake next time. I thought the pricing was also reasonable for the city as well, I believe I paid 34 for the cake.
#REVIEW#Bookmarked for a while and finally was able to haul some pastries ;)Sweet lady at the counter, a few tables at the back, clean bathroom and fresh water provided.Cod roe + potato + mayo breadThis was okay, because of the cod roe it's more of an acquired taste. I like cod roe in general, but this was just okay for me. Potato was definitely pronounced. Bread itself was soft but still had density, but the not a fan of the combo.Mochi an panOne of their famous offerings. This was good, but not great. The red bean provided some sweetness, mochi some texture.Cream cheese + custard The bread looked like a flying saucer as the middle was puffy :) but inside was delicious goodness. Rich and creamy and yet not overly sweet, the bread had some chew to it reminds me a little of pie crust. They also have a lemon cream one which I will be trying next time :)Matcha crepe $5.50This may be their most famous offering and yes the hype is real! Fluffy crepe wrapped around a light and slightly sweet cream and red beans, perfectly tempered by the bitterness of the matcha. This is a great dessert!!Matcha latte $4One of the better matcha lattes I've tried! It's not overly milky nor overly bitter. The flavors were blended well. Not sure if they already include a sweetener as I tasted some sweetness, but it was a great latte. Worth it.
#REVIEW#This is such a cute bakery! It's very hidden though so if you're walking you definitely wouldn't notice. They have a great weekend sampler for $6 which has like 5/6 different pastries -- great for families! I also got a green tea mousse to go and a cheesecake and it was delicious one of the best I've had! I can't wait to come back and try more desserts. This place was clean, spacious and authentic. If you love asian bakeries this place is for you!!
#REVIEW#This place is great for a light lunch and/or the pastries. The Kyoto match moose is my absolute favorite I always get it; so far, for the last three years it was my birthday cake. The matcha crepe roll is a must have too. I also really like the strawberry shortcake and their selection of French macaroons are great. They have salads with delicious dressing that's perfect every time. They also have cold already prepared sandwiches, as well as my favorite hot beef teriyaki sandwich that's absolutely yummy. It also comes with a side that changes. The ham and cheese croissant and the beef frank are both spectacular. You can't go wrong with with the ham and scallion or well anything for that mater. I've tried a lot of stuff here and I've had and had a bad experience.So I wish there matcha lattes were a bit better. Not the biggest fan of their matcha powder they use for their lattes. The staff are all really nice. There's even a window so you can see the chefs creating their beautiful pastries. Or if you prefer you can watch their mini- TV and enjoy the seasonal chalk drawings on their walls. The space is a bit small, but it's quaint and comfortable.
#REVIEW#This is very near to my office, me and my colleague often come here for coffee and snacks. They have variety of things from different type of croissants, sweet breads, desserts. Everything is also available in slices as well. I have tried their almond croissant, coffee swiss roll, matcha swiss roll. They were all very delicious. My friend really like their coffee. They serve Lunch sandwiches and soups as well. Seating Area is quite small but I got the table whenever I visited.Price - affordableAmbience - coolStaff - FriendlyI want to try their chocolate mousse which looks absolutely stunning. One thing to worry if you have Amex - they dont take Amex cards.
#REVIEW#Takahachi Bakery:Recommend:Matcha CrepeI have marked this bakery for a long time and finally tried the matcha crepe. This could be better with more red bean filling!
#REVIEW#A Brazilian Filipino friend recommended me this place. What a lovely surprise just a few blocks away from my college. I am completely addicted to their Apple with cream pastry. It tastes unbelievably fresh. Dough is buttery but not greasy, everything is very well balanced. I've never had a bad experience with their food. Prices are decent, it's lower Manhattan, for the region and quality, everything is very affordable. I love the atmosphere. Today the bakery is playing jazz, a few weeks ago Beatles. Music taste is excellent too and that's a great plus for me. Staff is usually nice, the place is clean. I haven't tried their cakes yet but definitely will one of these days.
#REVIEW#This is a great place to grab a quick bite and to satisfy your sweet tooth.I had the green tea crepe and Yuzu tea. The crepe has a nice dusting of match powder on the outside, while the crepe itself was light and had a slightly chewy texture, but still maintained a nice soft texture. The crepe was filled with a generous about of whipped cream and red beans. I could have done with even a little less whipped cream as I felt that there was a little too much whipped cream. I could have definitely ate more than one, as the portion is a little on the smaller size. Not overly sweet.Tea had nice flavor.
#REVIEW#Cute small Japanese bakery in NYC. I tried some of their pastries and they were delicious. I love the almond paste. Matcha crepes were delish and everything they have in matcha are my favorite. There hot lattes are good!The staff are not so friendly but they work with you.
#REVIEW#Visited this nice cafe after a lengthy walk along the Brooklyn bridge. Wanted to find a place to sit comfortably and just rest my tired legs. The bonus is that they have a clean restroom which is tough to find in  Manhattan. They have a good selection of drinks here. I ordered the matcha latte and it was bomb! I have been always a fan of matcha so I have what I consider a "matcha intuition" and this cafe passed the test haha... The latte did not overpower the matcha taste and it was a good blend. You could taste the subtle bitterness of the matcha as well...Ultimately, this cafe is cozy for a 30 minute sit down while sipping on a hot beverage. It's a good place to do work too but I don't think there are power outlets.
