#NAME#by CHLOE. West Village
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/by-chloe-west-village-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegan,salad,gluten_free#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I absolutely love By Chloe and crave it all the time. The food is delicious, quickly prepared, and consistent across locations. I am a meat lover, but also seek out and enjoy vegan food. By Chloe is proof that vegan food doesn't and shouldn't have to compromise taste.The location of this By Chloe is great (close to Washington Square Park) and right next to Sweets by Chloe, which sells exclusively desserts. You'll almost guaranteed seating here, but it can get stuffy inside, so I opt to take it to go and eat in the park. I'm a big fan of the quinoa taco salad as well as the Guac Burger. I don't find the salads very filling, but love the dressings they use. I've tried the air baked fries, which I find just okay. I do love the spicy ketchup at By Chloe though! My friend absolutely loves the kale artichoke dip.I highly recommend stopping by for a quick and casual meal.
#REVIEW#Gone WAY downhill. The Greek is supposed to have shredded lettuce but I've been getting barely cut and old lettuce the past 5-6 times I've visited (and I go multiple times a week usually). The staff is sloppy and slow now too.Someone needs to quality check this location and retrain their staff!
#REVIEW#Great vegan place. The burgers are delicious I loved them. Cookies are pretty good as well but a bit chalky. Considering it was vegan I can give it a pass. I loved the vegan "Mac and cheese" though it doesn't taste like your traditional Mac and cheese, it has its own unique flavor and I find my mind eating it. I can see what the buzz is about. If I was a vegan I would definitely love this place! Nonetheless, it's worth a try. Try it out !
#REVIEW#All of my food was undercooked, and my fries were not even cooked?? they were just still hard cold potatoes cut up. I am super disappointed, I used to go here to treat myself. Speaking with co-workers apparently the food quality has drastically dropped off and they too have been served under/uncooked food. (I heard the head Chef left some time ago, maybe that's why?) This is unacceptable because the prices are so high, I wasted way too much money on uncooked inedible food. I tried reaching the restaurant  but was not able to get through.
#REVIEW#I have been to By Chloe several times in several different locations.  Most recently I went for lunch in the West Village.  It wasn't crowded, which was nice. I have been to By Chloe at times when I couldn't find a seat, but at around 11:30am finding a seat was easy and the environment was pretty relaxing. It did seem to rapidly get busier starting around noon.We ordered a Kale Caesar salad and a Quinoa Taco salad.  The kale caesar salad has some nice ingredients: shiitake bacon, avocado, maple croutons, and sunflower seeds, among other things.  It is a good salad, but not really my taste.  My wife liked it a lot.The quinoa taco salad is much more up my alley.  It is loaded with quinoa, seitan chorizo, beans, corn, avocado, and plenty of other delicious ingredients.  I have also tried the Spicy Thai salad in the past, which is also really delicious.  The salads are always very filling and fresh.By Chloe can be good or bad value depending on what you get.  The salads are good value; they are large with many ingredients and are quite filling.  I wouldn't recommend getting a sandwich or burger.  They are honestly somewhat small considering the price and you will need to buy a side dish or will be left hungry unless you are one to not eat too much.Overall, By Chloe is a nice spot for lunch if you can find a seat.  The food is really tasty for vegetarians and omnivores alike.  They manage to turn all vegetarian ingredients into quite creative and satisfying flavors.  Check it out for a solid lunch experience.
#REVIEW#I don't remember how many time I have been coming here. I absolutely love their food. It's always fresh and tasty. My favorite is their Quinoa taco salad but Spicy Thai and Kale Caesar salads are delicious too. The Quinoa taco salad is very filling and I like the dressing a lot. It's a healthy fast vegan place and I love it. Enjoy!!!
#REVIEW#As mentioned above, under 'Midtown', I checked out the by CHLOE. branch near the Rockefeller Plaza and enjoyed one of their burgers for dinner. After walking all day over the Lower Manhattan area, I stumbled upon by CHLOE. and had a delicious lunch here. Having just been to Mexico, I was still on a taco buzz, so ordered the Quinoa Taco Salad with chopped romaine lettuce, quinoa, spicy seitan chorizo, black beans, sweetcorn, avocado, tomato, tortilla strips, tofu-crema and agave lime vinaigrette. Just typing that makes me drool. The portion was very generous, so much so, I had the rest for dinner back at my apartment! I would highly recommend a visit to by CHLOE. for some seriously delicious vegan food!Also, if you are feeling like a sweet treat after, head next door to Sweets by CHLOE. where they serve vegan cakes, cookies, cinnamon rolls and pastries.
#REVIEW#Underwhelming sums this up very well.Ordered the kale Caesar and the Market veggie which was a cole slaw equivalent special. I'd recommend asking for extra dressing it seemed fairly light on the salad. The fixins in the salad also seemed slightly sparse - I would've preferred more mushrooms/tomatoes etc. In summary, it's a shoulder shrug "ehhh" experience. Would definitely come back to try other things because this experience seems to be an outlier from the norm courtesy of my friends.
#REVIEW#Service: GreatQuantity: GoodCleanliness: GoodFood: Quinoa Taco, Sweet potato fries& Pomegranate ginger juice Yum! Yum! Yum!I was dragged by my vegan friend to try by Chloe.  I'm so glad I did. It was amazingly good.Quinoa Taco salad: beautiful presentation with mild spicy chorizo, black beans, corn, avocado, tomatoes, tortilla strips, and agave-lime vinaigrette sauce. Tangy and hint of sweetness of agave-lime vinaigrette dressing, it was so tasty. I hope they will offer to sell the dressing in the future.Sweet potato fries: air baked sweet potato fries tasted no different than regular fries crispy and not greasy.* Don't forget to try their beet ketchup and chipotle aioli sauce.Pomegranate ginger juice- incredibly healthy and nourishing juice.I can't wait to return and try other dishes. This is a place for fresh food lovers even you are a meat eater like me.
#REVIEW#Do the bakery next door.  So much better.  The food came out fast.  The Mac n cheese was not good.  Lacked flavor.  I did like the mushrooms on top.   The burger just lacked!  The desserts next door though, to die for!
#REVIEW#WORST SERVICE EVER! The food here is great, even for non vegans. My favorite is the quinoa taco salad and the pesto sub. I would love to eat this everyday except for the location. The manager here is BEYOND rude and disrespectful. He will scream and tell you to get out of "his" restaurant. As I was waiting in line the manager was yelling at a man and telling him to change his attitude or leave and to never return. No customer should ever be treated this way. I will return to enjoy the delicious food but never again at this location.
#REVIEW#I am a full-pledge meat lover, and as a meat lover, by Chole's has some seriously​ good vegan food. I cannot stress this enough. Don't let the word "vegan" deter you from trying out this place. Favorites1. Quiona taco ($11.95) - Chopped Romaine, Quinoa, Spicy Seitan Chorizo, Black Beans, Sweet Corn, Avocado, Tomato, Tortilla Strips, Tofu Crema + Agave-Lime Vinaigrette. Contains Gluten + Soy.2. Pesto meatball ($10.95)- Italian Meatballs (Portobello + Veggie), Marinara, Sweet Peppers, Basil Pesto, Cashew Mozz, Almond Parm + Potato Sub Roll. Contains Gluten, Cashew, + Almond.Tip: Try their beet ketchup and chipotle​ aioli sauce
#REVIEW#By Chloe on Bleecker street is amazing! There are hanging chairs, and the place is spacious compared to By Chloe 22nd street. There is a By Chloe bakery right next door also! Everything in at the restaurant are very detailed there, napkins, paper straws and burger wrappers have their logos.Guac Burger: excellentFancy fries: full of flavor and portions is hugeSweet potatoes fries: regular, nothing to special Basil Lemonade: refreshing and not too sour!
#REVIEW#I've been going to the By Chloe on Bleecker for two years as I live around the corner on Sullivan St. I used to get a Spicy Thai or Quinoa Taco salad everyday. They were incredible and reasonable value for $11.95. The manager before was this lovely girl who always made me happy to come in.Recently, the Quinoa Taco has jumped from $11.95 to $12.45(?) which is weird but ok with because they're incredible. However today (6/14/19) around 9 PM I ordered a Quinoa Taco salad to go. I was so thrilled and  looking forward to it for after I got home from work.When I got home, there were just giant leafs of limp romaine in it, some up to 5 inches long. Some of it was a bit brown/wet on the edges. I was so confused because I always remembered them being finely chopped, crispy and fresh which is a lot of why loved the Quinoa Taco salad. I was kind of upset because if I'm paying $13+ for a salad, the lettuce should at least be chopped/fresh/not wet.I walked back to By Chloe and asked if they had changed the recipe. The guy didn't really seem to care and just shrugged and said nah. Some girl in the back also gave some sassy sounding remark which I couldn't hear. I thought maybe I was misremembering something, or something had changed so i looked at the menu. It still said "chopped romaine". He took the salad from me and said "Imma save this to eat later". He had a new salad made.I got home with the new salad and it was the exact same. Just giant pieces of limp lettuce in it. Their IDGAF attitude combined with low standards has made other places seem more appealing. Idk what's going on, but I don't plan on coming to this By Chloe location anymore. Sucks.
#REVIEW#FINALLY tried this place after hearing about it and seeing many photos of the food, and expectations were indeed exceeded. 10/10. I came on a weekday, but it was still quite packed. Regardless, the food came out promptly. Makes sense since it is vegan "fast food" after all. I ordered a guac burger with their air fried fries. The star was definitely the burger. I knew it was A+ after the first bite. The sauce on the burger was so familiar and after eating more of it, I realized that it tasted just like the McD's big mac sauce. That could be why the burger is so damn good, but I'm not complaining. It's delicious and I could eat it over and over again. Their fries were pretty good for fries that are not deep fried in tons of oil. It came with beet ketchup, which was really interesting, but in a good way. I would definitely recommend by CHLOE to anyone, vegans/nonvegans. I only wish there was one closer to where I lived.
#REVIEW#I was actually super apprehensive (internally) when my friend said we should drop by here for dessert. I think that most of us have had bad experiences with vegan desserts, so I feel my hesitation would be understandable to most people? However, I wanted to be a good sport, and I know by Chloe is a popular spot.Wound up ordering only one thing: the old fashioned chocolate chip pecan cookie. Holy balls, it tasted exactly like a real cookie, and perhaps even better than the average cookie too. The cookie I had was soft (I love soft cookies) and fairly sweet, which was great because honestly who wants to eat a dessert with only mild sweetness? I came back another day and got the regular chocolate chip cookie with no nuts. Both cookies are quite similar, in that they are both fairly sweet and are soft cookies. I will say that I held off eating half of my cookie for about 5 hours, and when I came back to it, it was like, COMPLETELY limp, aka the softest cookie imaginable. I'm not sure if this is a feature of vegan cookies (softening), but I didn't mind it terribly since I like soft cookies. Still, I am curious if this was something that happened due to an action of mine, or if these cookies do this naturally.As someone who had a really traumatic experience with a vegan brownie in the past: I was utterly blown away by my recent experience here. I see other people have said good things about the vegan burger and the pesto 'meatball', so I'll give those a shot next time and come by for an actual sit down experience.
#REVIEW#Fresh. Tasty. Insta-worthy. What more could you want? I had seen multiple pictures of by Chloe and decided to finally give it a try. I shared the spicy Thai salad and the classic burger with my sister, so we could try a few things. The salad was very flavorful and definitely had a nice spicy kick to it. Whether you're a vegetarian or meat eater, you'll love the classic burger. It's still a light meal and it so tasty with the beet ketchup and chipotle aioli. Great place to come on a nice day and sit outside.
#REVIEW#Looove by Chloe. It's a fast-casual vegan restaurant and one of my go-to spots in the village. Cute interior with a fair amount of seating. Some must order items: MAC N CHEESE: Made with a sweet potato-based sauce. Just a tiny bit sweet. I think I love this more than regular mac n cheese. It's not too heavy and I still feel great after eating.GUAC BURGER: Who knew I could love a vegan burger so much? A patty made of black bean, sweet potato & quinoa - it's not oily at all. The chipotle aioli sauce is awesome-sauce.PESTO MEATBALL SUB: Amazed how real these vegan meatballs taste. The pesto adds a nice flavor to the sub. It's not a big sub, so you may want to order a side or something else.The fries are a hit or miss. I've ordered the sweet potato fries, and sometimes I find them to be too soggy. Another thing to note is that during peak times, you may have to wait around 15 minutes for the food to come out and it can be chaotic with all the people standing by the counter waiting.
#REVIEW#Honestly, by far the best Vegetarian and Eco Friendly Restaurant In New York City. We Need More Of This Everywhere . Possibly Some Drive Through Options Too
#REVIEW#OH wow! Such a great surprise. The original vegan burger plus fries were super good. The burger was a tad dry so I added the beet ketchup and then it was perfect. I can't wait to go back. The manager checked on us a few times as well and offered us samples of the banana bread. MMM good.
