#NAME#BCD Tofu House
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bcd-tofu-house-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Pros: Good food good service. I had the dinner combo or short ribs and seafood tofu soup and it was cooked very well and with good ingredients. I also really liked the banchan side dishes that they had.Cons: wait was over 35 mins when the quoted us 20 mins, super busy, and if u order the mild tofu soup, it can be way too spicy.Overall: would come again for their tofu soup specialty.
#REVIEW#Came here for a team lunch with some coworkers, if nothing else you will leave here ready to slip directly into a food coma. Just about all of us ordered one of the lunch specials, which starts with a fried fish and several other small appetizers. I thought the fried fish was tasty, but it wasn't all that popular in my group. It's more lightly fried than it looks, but I think being able to see the fish's eyes is a little too much for some. The rest of the appetizers were hit or miss, but nothing too noteworthy. Having had the spicy soup here before and not being overwhelmed I felt like trying the danger level. It did pack quite a punch, unfortunately the broth didn't have much flavor along with it, just pure heat. The soup has a good mix of different seafood and meat options which all tasted solid. If you have any room left by the time your entree arrives, that was certainly the star of everyone's meal. The beef had delicious seasoning and as with everything else, the portion was super generous. It would have gone very well with the rice, but at this point I was picking my battles. Overall, it's not a bad place to go for lunch if you're in the area. You can certainly get better quality for $25, but it would be tough to find anything approaching this quantity that's still pretty good.
#REVIEW#On a lazy Monday wandering the city streets after an earlier appointment my girl and I couldn't decide what to have for lunch. After a quick scan of the phone my she remembered how close we were to K Town and decided to take a short walk to one of her favorites that has Numerous choices for Korean.Keep in mind this part of the city really never slows down, there's 24 hour Karaoke as well as all night dining in certain spots. My girl had to remind me that this strip of restaurants was where we had our first date, so who am I to argue with a proven formula?After a brief greet at the door we were seated on the second level in the back next to an office door, I didn't really care as long as we were alone in the corner. Fried fish was given as a welcome start as you decide what to get from the menu on the placemats. This is usually where I take a step back and let my girl do all the talking, it helps she's fluent Korean because every time we have Korean the staff usually is as well.After a brief wait my girl was all set with the seafood pancake (one of my faves) and meat candy on the bone (short ribs) a stew was added with rice sides for each as well as kimchi, spinach, potato salad and of course yummy beers. As you probably know by now it was all outstanding. Korean BBQ has always knocked it out of the park every time I go and I'm just sorry it took this long to put this amazing food into my steady rotation. Thanks again to the cooks and staff, what an incredible lunch.  All told $90 for Ribs, tofu pork stew, seafood pancake and four beers, yes a bit pricey but yummy yummy yummy.
#REVIEW#A solid 4 stars from me. I really enjoyed their seafood tofu soup and I loved the banchan. It was pretty pricey for tofu soup though at about $17. I get that the location is pricey, but even then, $17 is kind of high for a tofu soup. I did think the server was nice, though. I wasn't super hungry so I just shared an entree. Sometimes places don't like when you do that, but they were perfectly nice about it and brought us extra utensils/bowls. I found the soup very flavorful and satisfying. It goes great with the rice they provide. The soup also comes with a small fried fish, an egg to crack into the soup, and an array of banchan. I thought this banchan was pretty good. I really liked the kimchi and the macaroni salad. I would come here again if I was in the area!
#REVIEW#Atmosphere: 5Spacious, with high ceilings and multiple floors. They are systematic with their seating, however, it seems there is never a time you can go there without at least a 15 minute wait. They give you a buzzer for your wait which is helpful. He restaurant is dimly lit and have 2 bathrooms.Portion: 5Your tofu pot is adequate but with the extra side dishes on the house, you will definitely be leaving stuffed. There is a lot of tofu in your soup and adequate amount of other ingredients to satisfy your meal. The side dishes are just enough for everyone. I love that you get a full fish on the house!Flavors: 5One of the best tofu soup restaurant chains in my opinion. Their soups and side dishes are always consistently good. Whatever spiciness level I order is just exactly what I expect so no surprises there. There's enough levels to cater to everyone's taste.I always come back to this restaurant. While the wait is awful during rush hour, this restaurant is always my first choice in KTown. Highly recommend it. Even with the wait!!
#REVIEW#It was my 1st time here last night & some of the food was great but the service wasnt. I waited abt 40min to get a seat although I was told it'd be a 20min wait. Anyway, they're understaffed & the place is way too busy. The servers don't pay much attention unless you're paying. They're kinda rude too.This place has the best deep fried fish I've ever had! I got the mixed Sundubu jjigae which was really good. I got mild & it wasn't spicy at all. My only complaint is that it had only 1 shrimp which wasn't peeled. I hate the fact that Asian restaurants just cook unpeeled shrimp. The ttokbokki was good. It came with fish cake, an egg, & 2 dumplings on the side. The kimchi was good. I didn't like the seaweed with the pickled radish. They also serve potato salad or egg salad (can't remember which 1) but I hate mayo & both of these salads so it doesn't really matter. The bok choy or yuchoy was ok. I really like the other kimchi, not sure what it made with.
#REVIEW#Nice Korean food! They have free small dishes and a fried  fish for free. We got a bbq beef and a spicy seafood tofu soup. The portion was pretty good and the flavor is right on point! The beef was not dry and the soup was full of clams and all types of seafood, giving it a nice yummy taste. Would like to try more but the wait can be quite long here for dinner. Recommend coming for lunch. Nice service throughout.
#REVIEW#The original plan was to go to Korean BBQ, but the wait was over an hour long so we stopped by BCD instead.The wait wasn't terribly long, but they sat us upstairs at a table and then told us to move to another once since they brought us to the wrong table. Not a big issue, but it was an inconvenience when we already situated ourselves at the table. The food was pretty good, especially like how they have the small appetizers come out regardless what entree you ordered. I accidentally ordered a large order of bulgogi beef, so make sure you order the combo when you go since it comes with a tofu soup as well!
#REVIEW#Really good combination of tofu soup, dolsot rice, side dishes that includes the pan fried fish per person. Good location within the Korea town. The service was quick and good.
#REVIEW#I had fun trying a lot of new flavors-- our order was made wrong at first (the included the meat)- but before they even set it on our table our waitress sent it back to be re-made.Everything we ordered was really tasty, I get why this place is so popular. They were quick as well! I'd definitely come back if I'm ever in New York again.
#REVIEW#This is an absolute favorite for at least two of my friends, so I've been here a couple of times. We usually get tofu soup (soondubu) since that's their specialty. You can adjust your level of spiciness, which I usually get a mild or medium depending on what I'm feeling that day. The medium is just the right amount of spicy for me where it is delicious and my nose isn't running. The soondubu always hits the spot because of how amazingly good it is and how hot it is especially on those cold days; the AC was also blasting inside, so it still hits the spot on these summer days. It is always served with rice, no matter which type you get (beef, seafood, pork, dumpling, etc.). Another thing about this place, which is similar to other Korean restaurants is that they have bonchon (little side dishes) before the meal and one of the dishes is a mackerel which you don't see in many restaurants; the other side dishes are dependent on what they have that day but the mackerel is a definite. The only thing with this place is that sometimes it can be hard to get a hold of your waiter/waitress, especially when you're sitting upstairs. Other than that, I definitely recommend this place when you're in the mood for something soupy!
#REVIEW#Although it seemed a lot people waiting outside but the line is actually went very fast. We had a party of 2 and we got seat at Sunday night around 7pm within around 15 minutes. The waitress are nice even it's very busy in the restaurant. The food served very fast. We ordered a tofu soup with beef and seafood for $15. You can choose if you want hot or mild. It comes along with a lot of small plates of Korean appetizers. We love the appetizers. Very good experience and definitely would come again.
#REVIEW#Always great for some delicious soondubu (spicy tofu stew)! This time, I ordered the oyster which is a personal favorite- hearty, rich, and flavorful. The medium spiciness is perfect; for reference, definitely less spicy than hot Cheetos so if you can handle those you can handle this!A note on portions: For those who haven't been, Korean restaurants like this will give you some side dishes to start off, which you should account for in portioning- there is generally kimchi, broccoli, some kind of seasoned vegetable among other bites. Also, BCD will bring out a small fried fish and a hot rice gruel on top of this.Another tip: they will bring you a whole raw eggwith your stew, which you are meant to crack in right when they bring it to you boiling. The heat from the stew will then cook your egg!Bcd is reliably delicious- the only con is that you have to wait quite a bit due to its popularity, and be warned that they won't seat you unless everyone is there!
#REVIEW#BCD Tofu House and Five Senses are extremely similar, and it seems to be the more popular one. This is good because as I get to go to my preferred restaurant while others flock to BCD Tofu House.I would say that my experience is a bit skewed. We came very late at night and even though there some empty seats, we were seated next to two people that smelled extremely badly. I'm really unsure why the host didn't smell it and move us. I had to request to be moved to a different side of the room because I simply couldn't stand the smell.The food was alright. My friend Bulgogi and Kimchi Soon Tofu soup combo. It was pretty good, but the soup was a bit too salty for me. The apps were okay too but didn't stand out much. I prefer Five Senses' apps way more.
#REVIEW#It's a been while since I been here and decided to try it out for dinner .  Ended up ordering the dinner Bibimbab combo with the seafood tofu soup.  The service has gone down here.  Usually the banchan comes out first, but on this night they were slow to bring it out and we got it with our main dishes .   Others siting next to us got theirs right after placing the order.   For this, I'm leaving 2 stars, because the food remains tasty and was enjoyable. Otherwise, it would have been a 1 star review solely on their service.
#REVIEW#Korean food always fills me up. I got the short ribs and the spicy rice cakes and Jon got a spicy soup of some sort.I love all the side dishes that come with the dishes that provide a fresh taste to the heavy spicy or savory flavors.I love spicy rice cakes so the dish satisfied me. Additionally, the short ribs were so tasty and there was enough to share between Jon and I. The price was normal for these Korean restaurants ranging about $9+This place is pretty big in K Town and the place itself was real busy and big.Jon enjoyed his spicy soup aswell! Good authentic Korean food that satisfied our stomachs
#REVIEW#Arrived here with my girlfriend for date night. The food and atmosphere blew us away. We came very hungry and left stuffed with great Korean food. Gotta say, this place is HUGE inside and is always packed: you'll need to get a buzzer and be prepared to wait.Got the mixed tofu soup (soondubu) and the beef tofu soup. They both came with a spicy base with tons of tofu. You get to pick spiciness out of 5. I recommend you get at least 3, because the 2 tasted a little flavorless. The tofu was extremely tender and the soup comes in a stone bowl that keeps it warm.Probably my favorite part are the side dishes (banchan). Unlimited refills, and they're quite delicious. They also have salted fried fish (equally delicious, but a little hard to eat because of the fish bones) and a bowl of crusted rice water (this one tasted meh in my opinion). Overall, great experience. Expect there to be a long line, but their wait system is pretty efficient and it's worth the wait.
#REVIEW#Service: 5/5 The service was amazing. All dishes came out promptly and the server did not show any signs of hostility to me or my gf since we only ordered one item ( a decently generous amount for two) and shared. Typically a store similar to this you will hear them cussing in the back of their throats. Food: I ordered the seafood sondubu soup. I will say this is my favorite tofu soup that i have had. There's a hint of fish sauce which i thought enhanced the whole meal. I have tried numerous tofu houses in Atlanta and always thought their soup were just plain old spicy you know chili powder. Side dishes: I think they could do better by adding more authentic side dishes instead of macaroni and cheese and pickle. I would like to see some like acorn jelly or other traditional dishes. I like the kimchi it was definitely washed and spiced perfectly. My gf and I had a great time.
#REVIEW#This is a very representative Korean restaurant. The menu is complete and detailed. Many side dishes are served for free. The Prices are modest. The environment is simple. The only problem during my visit was the ladies restroom. You will not leave hungry at the end of the meal.
#REVIEW#I came for dinner around 7:20 and have to wait around 20mins. It didn't feel that long to be honest. The place is cramped but the host is very nice and friendly. We got seated on the second floor and oh god, was it hot! We got Bulgogi dinner combo and Spicy Pork Belly dinner combo. They both came with tofu soup. The portion is big so one combo can easily feed two people. The meat flavors were Kbbq standards and the tofu soup was indeed very tasty but after I ate my soup, the atmosphere became uncomfortably hot. Their side dishes are interesting but they taste good. I would come back to give it another try at a less busy time.
