#NAME#Flor De Mayo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/flor-de-mayo-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,cuban,peruvian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#We accidentally came here yesterday thinking it was its sister location on Broadway. We walked in and realized it was smaller than the other one, and that it had a lot more people waiting to eat. Thankfully, the magic number yesterday to be seated right away was 2, and we got to skip through the mob of hungry people waiting in the front. The bus boy gave us warm bread and butter right away which was so perfect because we were starving. The bread that they used tasted like a baguette, which is my number one choice. Our waiter came soon after to take our food and drink order. We ordered the pollo alla brasa and the lomo saltado to eat. To drink, I had a glass of the Rioja Spanish wine. The pollo alla brasa was as good as I remembered it was at the other Flor De Mayo location. The chicken was tender and seasoned well. Then I got to try a big bite of the lomo saltado. It blew me away. The steak was delicious, as were the fries that were soaked in the fat of the steak. The rice that they used tasted like the fried rice offered in Chinese restaurants, which was a wonderful fusion. The Rioja wine was not too dry, just how I like it. It complemented the chicken well. We were offered flan for dessert but had to pass because of how stuffed we were. I can't wait to return.
#REVIEW#1st time visited this place as many reviewed about it's most famous squid ink friend rice & rotisserie chicken. The 1/2 chicken came out with crispy skin, and moist breast meat; which is very hard to achieve. Squid ink usually has a very fishy taste on any dish. They had made the squid ink fried rice with seafood sweetness. Also added a grilled pork chop order. Again, it is hard to achieve crispy outside with moist inside, but they made this very good.Service in this restaurant is beyond average! They have an average of 1.5 staff checking our table about every 8 minutes. Server would not push to over ordering for 2 of us. With 3 dishes, we still have left over for next day!
#REVIEW#The place is small but we were able to nab 6 seats in the back during lunch time with no wait. Their red sangria was fabulous.We had the chicken mofongo- very dry even with the entire sauce dumped on it. I like puerto rico's mofongo better. The fried shrimp was seasoned well. The ropa veija was great. The arroz con pollo tasted good. The mixed cerviche was great. The service was nice. The food was great. Wonderful experience.
#REVIEW#It's hard for me to find a place to eat where I literally never had a complaint. I don't even know where to begin. Maybe the fact that anything I've eaten off this menu has left me dreaming about it from time to time. The service is always top level. Waiters speak both English and Spanish. The menu is filled with food that is Chinese, Peruvian, Spanish. The drinks are STRONG. That Nutcracker??? You'll thank me later. My go to is Pollo a La  Brasa with house special fried rice. Always eaten to the bone, nice and juicy all the way through. My lady ordered Lomo Saltado which I obviously ate too and enjoyed. This place is my home. And I hope you can enjoy it as much as I do. Thanks for always leaving a mark. Already cant wait to go back!
#REVIEW#This place is my go to for their pollo ala brassa. It's always succulent and comes with spicy green rice and salad. There's usually enough for leftovers. My friend got the lomo saltado with pesto spaghetti which was also tasty. Get the frozen lemonade with it!It's a little tight for space and a little noisy but everybody's friendly.
#REVIEW#I do not think that there is anything new to say... the food is literally PERFECT and the drinks are good and strong!The staff is quick and friendly; they are approachable!This location has a GREAT team!
#REVIEW#Not fresh, I'm sorry. This is also not authentic. Ordered the ceviche and sadly disappointing. Heard a lot of good things and also saw the number of reviews. Think it's just so popular because it's the home of the nutcracker. Drinks were good, but food couldn't have been fresh. Dry chicken and green rice wasn't good.
#REVIEW#I've eaten at Flor De Mayo so many times, I can easily say its one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The food and drinks are always amazing. We've even taken friends here for their birthday and they loved it. My husband and I went tonight after a broadway show. We were seated quickly. Ordered a half pitcher of their sangria (our favorite - it's SO delicious and it's always nice and strong!). We ordered the fried chorizo with chimichurri sauce app and really liked it, their chimichurri was delicious. My husband always orders the Ropa Vieja with yellow rice and a side of red beans. Never disappointed. This time he took some of the chorizo as well and chopped it up in his rice too - yum!Tonight I ordered the hot and sour soup (very light and flavorful, probably one of the best I've ever had). For my entree I ordered the fried pork chunks with the mixed fried rice. The fried rice was so good I think I may have to get it every time now. And the pork chunks were crunchy yet tender on the inside and so flavorful. We also ordered the half chicken which never disappoints. The prices aren't bad at all. For everything we ordered our bill only came to $107 and had a good amount of food to take home with us. Service is always pleasant. Another really good thing I like on their menu by the way is the beef and broccoli with rice. Perfect crunchy broccoli, tender meat with an amazing sauce.
#REVIEW#Thumbs up for:1) Very good service. The manager speaks Spanish, Chinese, and English (maybe more).2) Good roasted chicken with big portion. Half a chicken is enough for two (a man and a woman with average appetite).3) Sangria is weak-drinker friendly (even tho I still got buzzed).Tips:1) Be there earlier. My friend and I waited for a long time (probs more than 1hr and 15mins).2) Roasted chicken is a little bit dry, but come on it's "roasted chicken", so bear with its dryness and enjoy it!
#REVIEW#Great food, large nice dining space, friendly staff. Had a great lunch. Huge servings very reasonable prices. I had the chicken with green rice and it was fabulous my husband had the roasted chicken and he also liked it. Very close to the park which was nice for us because we were just trying to grab some quick lunch on our way to the park. Very nice place we will be back.
#REVIEW#I love flor de mayo. I have been coming here for the past  5 years. I can't get enough of their sangria. The servers are extremely kind and attentive. The food is always good and not expensive. Only thing I dislike is the waiting time, but it is a very popular restaurant and not all that big so it's understandable.
#REVIEW#Amazing food!! My party of 3 came on a Tuesday around 8:30 PM, which is a non-peak time in my opinion but it was still very full! There are so many choices on their menu that it is almost overwhelming. They serve Chinese, Spanish, and Peruvian food which is so unique!All of the dishes we tried were amazing I don't think you can go wrong. Portions are large and the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food that you get.--Lomo Saltado with cilantro rice: my favorite dish and I think their most popular dish from what I see on Yelp. The fries are crispier than ​I expected, but very strategic on their part so the sauce wouldn't make them too soggy. The meat was very flavorful and the combination with the onions and sauce is so amazing. The cilantro rice was surprisingly good and had a great texture (hard but not too hard).--Broiled pork chops: comes bone-in with two large pieces. Also comes with plain or fried rice of your choice. I was hesitant to order the pork chops since I always think it's going to be dry, but I decided to try it since the server recommended it. I was so wrong and it was so juicy and tender! I didn't think I could be amazed by​ a pork chop but I was. Also reading from Yelp, I had to try the Nutcracker, which is an extremely strong cocktail. You get more bang for your buck since it's also relatively inexpensive considering how much alcohol they pack into that drink.Rarely do I find a restaurant​ I want to come back to and this is one of them!
#REVIEW#The food here is bomb . I enjoyed it a lot . The only downhill it's too small and when it's busy , service and go downhill but overall it's good . The sangria is sooooo good I drank my first one in minutes because it was so good . I was informed that they have another location which is better , I will for sure go visit and give it a try . I recommend this place though , food is great and so are the drinks !
#REVIEW#Okay, this place definitely lived up to the hype.The menu is very confusing - it's a fusion of Asian and Spanish. However I would say they're more known for their Spanish food - ESPECIALLY the half chicken! This isn't just plain chicken, this stuff was flavored in such a unique seasoning that my husband and I couldn't stop talking about it. AND it was only $12!The people sitting next to us were regulars, and said they're also known for the "nutcracker" cocktail which we'll have to get next time!We also got an Asian dish that was like carbs asada fries but Asian. Pretty delicious l, but I would say the half chicken was definitely better.A b
#REVIEW#The chupe, traditional Peruvian soup, was delicious, very well seasoned and tasty, the pisco sour was a solid 7/10, I don't grade easy for pisco sours, and their palomillo steak with green spaghetti was also excellent--this place is now on our "NYC GO TO LIST" for any time we visit NYC. GWA
#REVIEW#Yes, yes, and Yes!!! Went with a friend at 7pm for dinner on a Friday night. Restaurant was packed, but we didn't have to wait since there was quite a high turnover. Flor de Mayo serves home style Chinese - Peruvian food. Low key, delicious, cheap. What more can you ask for?AMBIANCE:Family-style, casual and rowdy - it does get quite noisy in herePROS:Both my friend and I got their signature dish - their half baked chicken with fried rice. At a cost of $13.50 this is probably one of the best deals that I have ever gotten for the portion size. Portions are massive! The half chicken is roasted so juicy and moist, well seasoned, and had a nice spicey (jerk seasoning ish) kick to it! amazing! The fried rice omg is sooooo delicious. The shrimp and ham in it complement the savoriness of the entire dish! The dipping sauce for the chicken was vinegary and acidic. great for the chicken and the rice!OVERALL: Flor de Mayo ranks as one of my all time favorite restaurants in NYC. Its cheap, delicious, and an incredibly good deal! I will be coming back hungry for more!
#REVIEW#They have two location one on Broadway and the other on Amsterdam (i believe) Basically I loved what I ordered, haven't tasted this kind of bistec en salsa made this way, this was the best gravy smothered over steak I've ever had and also it had fries, onions and tomatoes mixed in there. Yum-mmmmy! The plantains where fresh and crispy and wasn't stale. But first I had to try their signature drink "Nutcracker" first I was skeptical because it usually its mixed with cheap drinks. I read that it included Don Q and no cheap drinks at all so in tasting i was like Wooooooo! It was strong, sweet and tangy I loved it. This place is definitely a go to for my husband and I, it's a Chinese and spanish restaurant and we truly enjoy that type of food. We'll be back soon.
#REVIEW#Love coming here specially when the employees are inviting and so professional and courteous  .  Food always good can't complain ....Drinks are not bad neither .... they have a good selection, same goes with food no exaggeration.  They have a large menu which is a little bit much but hey I'm not complaining I love varieties and I always pick something different! fair prices and great lunch options I order a lot from my job in Columbus ave and they Deliver quick and food always correct ! Which is a plus . nice atmosphere if you go at night ....  One of my to go restaurants always . Definitely recommend it
#REVIEW#Flor De Mayo is simple straight up good food! It always hits the spot. My only regret is that I haven't come back sooner. This location has a decent amount of seating but it can fill up quickly when the rush hits. Be prepared to wait for a table depending on what time you arrive. When ordering I stick with a classic boneless fried chicken and fried rice. The chicken is amazing, no lie. So crispy and juicy. It gets even better soaked in some hot sauce and scooped up with a mouthful of rice. Order a pitcher of sangria, bring a friend or two and you have the perfect lunch/dinner combination. With such affordable prices for delicious food, it's hard to pass this spot up. See you guys soon.
#REVIEW#Had the boneless fried chicken and shrimp fried rice. Not the best ever but pretty good. Also had the Super Nutcracker which had me buzzing well after I left the restaurant
