#NAME#Loi Estiatorio
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/loi-estiatorio-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#greek,mediterranean#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#What an amazing experience for lunch.  I had the lunch special but opt'ed in for the additional items.The spreads, squid over flava bean puree, and the Branzino.  The food is deliciously prepared.  The octopus is simply well done with great flavor.The Branzino is cooked to perfection.  The skin is seasoned with sea salt and olive oil, the white flesh is delicate and flaky...it's probably one of the best pieces of fish I've ever had.The deserts are all great and just provide enough sweetness to end out the great experience.  Their greek yogurt with honey is just amazing.  This is a must for anyone in midtown.
#REVIEW#My favorite "true"Greek restaurant.  Chef Maria Loi is such a personality and provides such a presence to the dining experience!  Must order feta/pougi dip, octopus and fresh branzino (bone-in).  "When in Greece, do as the Greeks do".
#REVIEW#Wow, this is my type of a 5-star restaurant! I raved about this place the first time I went and I'm glad I was able to return. A bit of a hidden gem, as I've been twice already during lunch hours and I'm surprised that it isn't crowded. Amazing meal from start to finish. As soon as we were seated, we were welcomed with a bread basket and an extremely delicious dip of feta and herbs, which we were told could be bought in Whole Foods. The olive oil here is also really really good! Immediately you know that this restaurant uses quality ingredients. I went with a work group so there were four of us, and we all opted for the $29 prix fixe menu. It includes an app, an entree, and a dessert.It definitely has some great options for vegetarians. My app was the trio of dips; hummus was lacking in salt but still tasty, the tzaziki was the absolute standout, and I think the third was some sort of eggplant dip which was ok. My entree was my favorite, the spinach pie. It seems like it won't be enough by the two pieces that are served, but trust me it's plenty! It was really good with the side of yogurt it came with. Lastly, the dessert. I convinced my table to do two chocolate cakes and two baklavas. I'm a huge baklava fan and it is one of the best I've ever had. The chocolate cake was also delicious and light! We were given complimentary yogurt topped with honey and crushed walnuts, and it blew me away how something so seemingly simple could taste so good. I'm not a yogurt person, but I cleaned that bowl up. It also pairs well with both the baklava and chocolate cake. The chef, Maria, was nice enough to stop by and chat with us while we waited for our meal. She mentioned that nothing is fried in her restaurant and everything is prepared to be healthy- love it! For $29, the quality and value of the food you get is tremendous. I will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#We had the best food ever. Lamb Shank very delicious.  Great wine and Maria Loi was the most gracious and welcoming.  Thanks for the referral Kelly Ripa!!!#LiveKellyandRyan
#REVIEW#We had the pre-theatre prix-fixe dinner.  Both the salmon and stuffed eggplant were delicious, and the eggplant was made differently than anywhere else.  Appetizers were also excellent and the hummus amazing.  The walnut cake was a wonderful end to the dinner - moist and tasty.  Chef Maria visited all tables and was so informative, smart and funny.  She told us that this was authentic Greek cuisine, so even the yogurt was like nothing we've had before.The restaurant itself is lovely and comfortable.
#REVIEW#Had the pleasure to enjoy lunch with colleagues to kickoff the new year. Started off with complimentary pita and delicious housemade spread. We each took advantage of the lunch special. I really appreciated the octopus appetizer and was pleased with the orzo with ground beef. Considering the chill in the air, my orzo entree was hearty and heartwarming. What really excited me was the fish we decided to order for the table. Simply grilled branzino with olive oil and lemon on the side to dress it. The desserts were pleasant but nothing to write home about. The service however was indeed memorable. I had only visited once and would be eager to return. Next time I visit I'm diving straight into the seafood offerings.
#REVIEW#Smalll portions. Dry octopus. Pushy waiter. Charged for things we didn't order. Pricey
#REVIEW#Maria is Fantastic!!! the best Greek food I have ever had. This restaurant is always home away from home for me. So happy to spend the Easter Holidays here.
#REVIEW#We expected a great meal...and our experience exceeded expectations!Friends have been raving so we had to try out Loi. Wow--everything from the dips and appetizers to the main courses to the dessert were superb! Especially surprised too at how intimate the space was. And the staff was both top-rate and super friendly. Still thinking about the grilled calamari appetizer...so succulent! We tried the branzino and lamb shank for the main course. I'm not even a great fan of lamb shank but friends said you have to try and thank goodness I did. Then dessert! We tried a bit of everything and I can't say which I loved more, the baklava or the yogurt. (Flourless chocolate cake was to die for too, but I expect that dessert to be. But the dessert yogurt with honey and nuts was a revelation.) Treat yourself and come to Loi!
#REVIEW#We had dinner in this lovely place.Atmosphere is calm and romantic, mellow lighting and soft music.We got the Village Salad, which was fresh and excellent, and the Spinach Pie which was creamy and full of taste - great!
#REVIEW#The restaurant was handing out samples of their spreads at the Union Square Whole Foods. The tzaziki is unbelievable. Really, really good. It's 35 calories (for reference Cava tzaziki is 30, but it's still pretty low). It's also more expensive than other options, but to be quite honest its also much better than other tzaziki's. There's a very generous amount of cucumber and it's just a very refreshing experience (I ate a couple spoonfuls plain when I got home from the store).
#REVIEW#Just ok. Pricey as expected for a restaurant around Central Park. Service was terribly slow, our server forgot about our bottle of wine for over half an hour, and also forgot to take our order for way too long. Pita bread isn't fresh, some pieces are a bit too hard/stale. The spread platter was not good. Small portions served in small jars, all tasted like they had been there for days. The spinach egg roll was the best part. Came with a scoop of Greek yogurt. The octopus was fine. Chopped up pieces atop mushed chickpeas. This came out cold. I wouldn't come back. Service was way too slow and food wasn't as good as I had hoped.
#REVIEW#Another special occasion meal elevated to unforgettable memory by Chef Maria Loi - Father's Day 2019. Family friendly and casual elegance can co-exist. We enjoyed the dips, amazing fish and special lamb dishes. Amazing way to celebrate Dad!
#REVIEW#What a truly delightful experience! Inspired Greek cuisine that you can tell is made with love. The grilled calamari was light and fresh- drizzle it with the lemon an olive oil- yum! The endive salad with walnuts was perfectly dressed. They do fish right here- get the branzino and the seafood orzo. Service is top notch and elegantly attentive. Great wine list, and the desserts are the perfect end to the meal-we had the baklava with Greek yogurt and the chocolate cake- heaven times two! Chef Maria Loi is passionate about her craft and it shows! Truly a gem, cannot wait to go back and tell everyone to go! Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#I arrived late to a dinner at Loi Estiatorio so a friend ordered a sampling of dishes for me. I tried the octopus, the tiger prawn, an the yogurt, which was unreal. The octopus was flavorful and celebrated the texture/flavor of the seafood itself, whilst the tiger prawn was flavorful and cooked perfectly with a gorgeous texture. I didn't think I would have room for dessert, but when I tried the yogurt, I couldn't help but savor each bite and finish every bit of it. The only regrettable part of the meal was that I didn't get to eat enough of the pita/spread that was complimentary to the table. The chef was super sweet and kind and checked in with our table several times. We were one of the last tables but no one rushed us out.Impeccable food, great service, and wonderful atmosphere.
#REVIEW#Amazing service and staff.  Outstanding food !  Nothing is fried! Met the talented and passionate Maria Loi!!  5 plus star !! Regards,Connie Harvard university!
#REVIEW#I was in the area and stopped in for a late lunch. I went with one of my all time favorites, the lamb shank! The Lamb Shank is made with tomato, onion, red wine, and it sits on a bed of Loi Orzo. It's just so tender, it  falls right off the bone. Absolutely delicious, you can't go wrong! I finished off the meal with the signature Loi Greek yogurt, which is drizzled in Cretan honey, and gently covered with a sprinkling of walnuts, I can't get enough of it! It leaves me licking my spoon, and wanting more every time!! Loi Estiatorio is great for business lunches, catching up with friends, date night or a lovely meal with family. I highly recommend Loi Estiatorio for its amazing food, great wine selection, and impeccable service! A definite do!
#REVIEW#What a truly delightful delectable experience! Inspired Greek cuisine that you can tell is made with love. The grilled calamari was light and fresh - drizzle it with the lemon and the fabulous olive oil- yum! - and the special salad with endive and walnuts was perfectly dressed. They do fish right here- the seafood orzo and the branzino melt in your mouth! The service is attentive and everyone  makes you feel like you are home eating with family. The Sancerre wine complimented all of the flavors and The baklava with Greek yogurt is a must! As is the chocolate dairy free cake. Truly a gem. Cannot wait to return and bring my friends. Chef Maria Loi is passionate about her craft and takes the time to talk to each table to embrace her guests. What a gift, what a night. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing restaurant. Very polished, perfect interior. Not overstated. The food is absolutely insane. No detail is overlooked. If it is, Maria the chef/owner is all over it. Have literally told 30 people about this restaurant. Amazing food, amazing service and love everything about it! Greek specialties are truly perfection!! Maria, we can't wait to come back!! Thank you for such an amazing experience!!!
#REVIEW#Simply Amazing! Food was exquisite, service was five star, the chef was personal and a delight to talk to. Strong recommendation for anyone who who is looking for authentic Greek food that tests your assumption of what great food tastes like.
