#NAME#Calle Ocho
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/calle-ocho-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban,latin#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#My first time at Calle Ocho did not disappoint. My friends and visited on Memorial day for their bottomless brunch. This brunch isn't like regular brunches where your timed an hour or two for bottomless, this brunch is throughout the duration of your meal.  I made my reservations on Open Table and was seated immediately so reserving is suggested.They have a good handful of white and red sangria's to choose from during bottomless as well as a drool worthy menu. The sangria's are poured in a good portioned glass so you feel like you're getting your moneys worth for sure. To start off our meal they gave us free mini corn muffins ( I think they were corn) and a strawberry spread. They were so good, a different touch on the regular free appetizers at restaurants. There were some vegetarian options such as Puerto Rican Coquito dipped french toast (YUM), salmon, omelettes, home fries and more. Of course, you can opt out of adding meat on dishes as well.I ordered the Cachapa Con Salmon which was two sweet corn pancakes topped with salmon, scrambled eggs, cucumber salsa, avocado, pickled onions and lemon caper cream. I thought the sweet corn pancakes with salmon would be weird but it was satisfyingly delicious.  My friend ordered the Gallitos which is a platter of soft tacos, scrambled eggs, chorizo, lettuce, salsa, avocado salad and home fries. That platter was huge and could be split between two people for sure. I loved the ambiance of the place as well as the music that was playing in the background. The waiters were attentive and made sure we always had water and sangria which was a plus. The bottomless brunch will run you about $34.95.I was able to fit in 4 drinks throughout the duration of my meal which was good since every glass of sangria was like 2 glasses in one. Will be back to try the Puerto Rican Coquito french toast!
#REVIEW#Came here for sunday brunch, place picked and reserved by one of my friends. Table was reserved for 7, but on the day of, it was downsized to 5 people. 3 people showed up on time and they still seated us. It's nice of them to not make us wait until "the entire party is here". They reserved on page of the menu to list the house rules, but it was simple - don't get trash or no more alc. One of the reviews I read said they didn't start the drinks until we get our food, but shortly after we were seated our waiter took our drink order. The brunch bread.... IS SO SO SO GOOD... it's not really bread. It's more like muffins, sweet and fluffy, bite sized. SO GOOD. They serve it in regular and chocolate flavored and then throw in some mini pastries. The butter is strawberry flavored? I guess if you're a few glasses in, you'll start to think it tastes like frosting (cause thats what we thought) The food was very good, the reviews were raving about the Ropa Vieja. It's basically shredded beef topped with an egg and guac. It was really good.  All around the dishes for the entire table was very good, but we decided to not eat as much so we can leave room for alcohol ((: I knocked out 2 stars because: 1. the restaurant is so big but they only have 2 ladies restroom, each SINGLE STALLED. you can't serve boozy brunch in a place that can easily fit 150 people and only have 2 toilets for the girls... once the alcohol starts going and we break the seal.. WE WILL NEED TO GO. The line for the bathroom was a bit ridiculous. My friend had to sneak into the mens room to go (mens room is also single stalled). 2. the service was not well. maybe because it was busy. i ordered yuca fries as a side and it never came. we asked for more bread and that never came either. we had to ask for hot sauce 3 different times for us to finally get it. we managed to flag down another waiter and ask him for help and he said 'i'll get your waiter to come, and if he can't i'll come back and get your orders' - needless to say, neither of them showed up. I think the bill came out to be $40 pp including tax and tip? The alcohol made us feel good, but not the service. since theyre moving even further up from the city, i don't think i'll be returning. overall it was a pleasant experienceFYI - they are moving from the 81st street location - to 105 & 106th street.
#REVIEW#*Note*: This review is particularly for large parties / group brunches / private event / etc.I've done the bottomless Calle Ocho with friends multiples times, and I thought it was time to take it one level up, and decided to host ~50+ people brunch in one of their private rooms. Best. Decision. Ever!!The events manager and staff here are incredibly accommodating and responsive, and genuinely want to help you make the best event for your party. Leading up to the event, they helped me curate my menu, manage my guest list, and accommodate for any allergies or dietary restrictions.On the day of the brunch party, my guests arrived and we were seated in this beautiful private room in the back of the restaurant, with windows that open up to the street.. it is a gorgeous room! I wish I had photos to share, but the large room can seat up to ~55, is beautifully furnished, and is totally secluded from the rest of the restaurant. From there on, the staff made sure our sangria glasses were never empty, and that the food arrived promptly.Highly recommend Calle Ocho to host your next large party. I was very pleasantly surprised with the seamless process, and even more delighted by how successful the event went. Thank you to the Calle Ocho team!
#REVIEW#I love Calle Ocho and come here frequently for birthdays (both mine and friends that I've recommended this place to) and special occasions for boozy brunch. At $35 for an entree and your choice of 8 different types of sangria (bottomless, and you can switch between them) this place is a notably good deal. All of the sangria is great, but my favorite is the Havana Banana. They pack a punch and the servers are always great about refilling you, so you can definitely roll out of this place with a strong buzz.Now, for the food - I think this place has exceptional food for a bottomless spot. One minor complaint is that the portion sizes by entree are wildly inconsistent. The lobster salad is a fairly small portion (I understand lobster is a pricey ingredient, but they could definitely beef it up with some cheap sides). The gallitos, on the other hand, could comfortably feed two. The shrimp and grits is my favorite, especially the spicy hollandaise on the poached eggs. Portion size for that dish is pretty standard. They'll give you a free dessert for birthdays and your server will sing to you, so extra points for that. Music is great and it's the right volume (ie it's a lively brunch without being clubby). Ambience is nice and the hotel has some couches where you can sit while you're waiting for your reservation. All in all, highly recommend for boozy brunch. Will return
#REVIEW#I love Calle Ocho and the servers and chefs are so accommodating. My friend and I ordered the Seafood Paella, and the Pato Chaufa (seared duck) to share. Because we were having so many grains already, we asked if we could do cauliflower fried "rice" instead of normal fried rice. The server was super sweet and he was knowledgeable about the menu and the many different substitutions diners have done in the past. The food was delicious and I would definitely come back here again. The only slight inconvenience was how dimly lit the restaurant was and it was a bit loud. Other than that, Calle Ocho is a great dinner spot for Latin American cuisine.
#REVIEW#A really good Cuban, Latin restaurant hidden inside the Excelsior Hotel on the Upper Westside. It would probably be more diners if you can see it from the street. The food is really good and the service even better. Portions are big so you will go home with food.
#REVIEW#So I found this place in Yelp, had good reviews and I decided to give it a try for my partners birthday. Made a reservation. The location was a little hard to find being its located inside a hotel but we arrived and were seated at our table. Ambiance was nice, dim.we ordered our food and drinks and during our wait time received a nice variety of buns, so good and warm. The drinks were a little on the weak side nothing to go crazy about. The food didnt take too long to arrive and it was definitely worth the wait. Great portion and it was so so good my partner and I had to walk it out in a nice stroll by the park lol. I would definitely recommend this place. I will suggest the bartender works on the drinks though especially for the price your paying but aside from that comfortable place to go have a nice dinner for any occasion.
#REVIEW#This is my favorite brunch spot in NYC. Period.The sangria is amazing. If you're new to Calle Ocho, I recommend the following whites: 1) Blanca, 2) Punta Cana, 3) Havana Banana. The reds are fine, but the whites... everything.I got the Cachapa con Salmon last time and it was FUEGOOO. I also tasted the vaca frita, which was pretty good. The rice was a bit dry, but good. Also, the random bread selections they bring to your table? Also delicious.For $35, you get delicious food and bottomless sangria. You can't beat it, so don't even try.Don't expect to waltz in here without a reservation, though. Weekends are crazy and you may wait forever.
#REVIEW#Came here for Valentine's Day and we had a good experience. We were seated quickly even on such a busy day but it took a little while for our server to ask what we wanted to drink. Our seats were a little too close to the other two couples on each side of us but it didn't ruin our experience at all. The food was very good. I had the steak with yuca fries, arugula and pickled onions salad and rice and beans. My boyfriend had the chicken with cole slaw and lobster mashed potatoes. The favorite part out of both dishes was definitely the lobster mashed potatoes and the rice and beans. I do not recommend the yuca fries though. They did not come with the usual garlic sauce that most places serve them with and they really needed it because they were super dry and hard. My boyfriend and I shared a pitcher of tropical sangria which was way more than enough in my opinion for the both of us. Overall , we enjoyed our time !
#REVIEW#Calle Ocho is definitely a winner.  Among other things, this place was a standout host for a company gathering of about thirty five people.  We had the main entrance gathering area reserved along with some seats at the bar.Our reserved area had plush couch seating and small tables. Table service was attentive and thorough as no mistakes were made and food and drinks were continuously arriving and being ordered. Their happy hour specials and pricing were made available to us. Folks that desired to order their own tabs were able to do so without a hitch. The food was delicious as were the expertly made drinks. Premium drinks are reasonably priced, as a round of 6 shots was under $100 before gratuity.  One of my colleagues was unable to find his credit card after paying and the manager himself made it his mission to find it. Now that's stellar service.  The music was great and we all had a blast, which extended past our original reservation. The place is spotless and beautifully decorated within the Excelsior hotel!A must!
#REVIEW#They take reservations on Open Table. I guess I was pretty struck by how expensive everything was but it is a restaurant in a hotel so that's definitely a factor. I almost gave this place three stars because it was so expensive but the food was definitely 5 stars. I loved my ropa Vieja - it was soooooo delicious. The beef, rice, beans, plantains everything was soo good. It was a very large portion, and I, am avid lover of Ropa Vieja, couldn't finish it. That is NOT a criticism! Do not change this! I'll be back to settle the score and there won't even be a grain of rice of the plate. Had I know the bread would be so delicious and the entree be so wonderful, we probably wouldn't have ordered the appetizer - bacon wrapped dates, recommended by the waiter. Pete liked them more than I did. It was fun and fattening.Another reason the food might be so pricy here is that they offer unlimited Sangria with the purchase of an appetizer and an entree. But I only had one glass so it wasn't a huge "bargain" for me.The service was lovely - so warm and professional. The waiter made helpful recommendations and the other servers were prompt with refills, offered to wrap things up etc. All of the employees here were gracious and lovely.I will definitely be back for my favorite dish, the Ropa Vieja. It was cooked PERFECTLY here! Loved it!
#REVIEW#My friend who lives in New York recommended this spot. I was sold as soon as he said "brunch with bottomless sangrias"! Ordering is quite straightforward. There are about 10 brunch entrees on the menu. You pick any one for $34.95, and that includes bottomless sangrias from the 8 drinks, half of which are red wine and half of which are white.They have some house rules around the bottomless sangrias, which to me is just common sense. You can only have one drink at a time, and while there is no hard time limit, you shouldn't take forever to finish the last bite of food.I tried two drinks, the Tropical and Havana Banana, and both were light and fruity. Yum! They also serve bread at the beginning of the meal. I loved the cornbread.For my entree, I went with the Vaca Frita, which is Cuban skirt steak served over Latin pork fried rice, with avocado and two fried eggs on the side. Both the steak and eggs were good, but the texture of the fried rice was off and didn't feel fully cooked. The eggs were fried just right with the yolks still runny. Overall, it was a hearty meal, especially with all the rice, but I didn't think it was amazing. Still, I can't complain, since I'm really here for the bottomless sangrias :)Definitely make reservations in advance. It's a big restaurant, but it does get crowded during prime brunch time!
#REVIEW#Me and my boyfriend came here for Sunday dinner. We made a reservation and were seated promptly. The ambiance is nice, and the music is lively but you can still hold a conversation. We ordered the calamari frito as an appetizer and it was just okay. I probably wouldn't order again. I got the Mar y Tierra and substituted the mushrooms and asparagus for tostones and and sweet plantains. The meal brought a stuffed lobster with mofongo inside. The food was flavorful but the steak was on the dry side. My boyfriend enjoyed his paella, I had a few bites and it was PHENOMENAL.  Overall, the service was great and the food was delicious. I will be returning for brunch as I have only heard good things about it.
#REVIEW#Went here for Sunday brunch with friends. Had a 2:15pm reservation and didn't get seated until 2:45pm. The staff was not the friendliest and were not professional. Once we finally got seated, I had to wave down the waiter to get service. For brunch, they have a "deal" that for $35 you get an entree and unlimited sangria. The catch is you cannot get your drinks until you get your meal AND you can't get drinks after you finish your meal. So basically you need to eat slow to make sure you get the most out of the deal. TOTALLY ridiculous. I don't want to have "rules" during my meal. In terms of the food and drinks, they are good but in my opinion, save yourself the headache and go somewhere else.
#REVIEW#Their bottomless brunch deal is fantastic, even with the slightly higher price - an entree and unlimited sangria for $35. They have around 10 types of sangria, both red and white, and are generous with each glass, so come with a group and take your time trying as many as you want! The favorites for us were the Fresas for red and Tropical for white.Food is also awesome. I ordered the ropa vieja, which is tender shredded beef with onions, home fries, and a fried egg, and absolutely loved it even if it was pretty salty. My friends' shrimp with grits (super cheesy and decadent) and chilaquiles (huge portion size), and the shared appetizer of plantain chips and guac, were also great.The dining room area was full when we came so we were seated in the inner lounge instead, and actually ended up liking that more because it was a brighter, more open space and you could people watch better. Service was a little slow because of the frenzied brunch rush but very friendly and accommodating nonetheless. Overall a really fun vibe with the loud Latin music (but not loud enough that you couldn't have conversations) playing too.
#REVIEW#***Brunch review, Decent service, Delicious drinks***I came here for a birthday brunch - there are only two reservation times and you need to make one beforehand to secure a table. The food here is very delicious - I got the platter and it was  definitely for two people. Drinks here are VERY delicious so you won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#Prior to a recent 4-day trip to NY to celebrate my birthday, I requested some recommendations from a cousin who had lived in NY for several  years. This was one of the spots on her list. Overall, I was disappointed.The highlights were the mojitos (order a pitcher and save $), the empanada appetizer, and the churro.The lowlights were both entrees we ordered. He had the Vaca Frita al Caballo: Cuban beef with pork fried rice. I had the paella. Both dishes lacked the depth of flavor and great seasoning traditionally found in Spanish cuisine.The atmosphere was lively, and the service was decent. I would only return the the empanada appetizer and drinks.
#REVIEW#I made reservations for Sunday at 2pm and the restaurant was packed! It was loud and great for large groups. Boozy brunch is $30 a person which comes with an entree and unlimited sangrias. Sangrias were very sweet and they serve it in a tall 16oz glass which I felt it was too much. I only got to try 2 flavors. My favorite was Tropical. For food we shared the vaca frita and ropa vieja. Both came out in seconds! I am almost certain that they use the same cheap meat as steak and in the ropa vieja. But still delicious and tender. The ropa vieja was great paired with the most creamy guacamole and runny eggs but after a few bites the sauce got overwhelming. At the end they brought out a delicious complimentary bread pudding dessert with a candle for my birthday! The tables around me sang and I had a great time.
#REVIEW#Brunch review:Come here for the unlimited sangria! From memory, for my entree I'm pretty certain that I got shrimp and grits and it was pretty good. It was a small portion but honestly, sangria. We had a party of 5 and service was stellar.
#REVIEW#I came back after a long absence,to the point that they have change location. The restaurant is currently inside The Excelsior Hotel on 81st St.We arrived at the hour of our reservation and were promptly seated.The bread is a yuca based one. I cannot eat it. What happened to Cuban style bread? That gives you the hint the place is not authentic Cuban. It's a fusion of many cuisines.The Pineapple Mojito was good.Our choice were the Cubano Clásico (Ropa Vieja, Rice & Black Beans, Maduros) and Salmon with an interesting Lobster Mashed Potato.The Ropa Vieja(not quite Cuban style) was flavorful and plenty of meat. I liked it.The Salmon was very good, cooked to desired order; the mashed potatoes were delicious with the bits of lobster.For dessert, a shared Mango Bread Pudding with Pineapple Sorbet.Café Cubano to finish off.
