#NAME#Marea
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/marea-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,seafood,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#A Two-Michelin star Italian gem located at the southern end of Central Park that specializes in seafood. If reservations are completely booked, don't worry because they have a long bar with seating that you can walk-in and dine at. I've been here twice and I haven't seen it completely filled all the way, though I would be cautious during peak times. I've been trying to hunt my way through the 75 Michelin Star restaurants in this New York and Marea was an easy stop because it's easy to walk-in without having to book days/weeks in advance for a reservation, the prices are fair, and I absolutely love pasta. Marea is known for their Fusilli and every review is raving about it, so I had to make sure that I tried it. It honestly doesn't look too amazing in pictures, but never judge a book by its cover. When I took my first bite of the Fusilli I wasn't that amazed, but as I kept eating it, it just kept getting better and better. It is an absolute masterpiece; the pasta is cooked Al Dente, the sauce is deep and slightly spicy, they are very generous with their bone marrow, the octopus is cooked perfectly, and there is just this satisfying crunch from the bread crumbs on top. This pasta is extremely dangerous because it makes you not to want to order anything else on the menu in fear of being disappointed, but I decided to give it a shot and order the Casarecce. It was good, but definitely not as complex and satisfying as the Fusilli. One other item I would highly recommend ordering is the Lobster Burrata. The lobster is cooked perfectly and burrata is always good if you're a lover of cheese like I am. If you are a lover of pasta, I would not order the Prix Fixe menu because the portions for the pasta are smaller than if you were to just order the pasta by itself. The Fusilli alone is worth coming for and if you want an appetizer, definitely get the Lobster Burrata as well.
#REVIEW#MareaI sat at the bar because reservations are tough to come by here. Let's start with the bread. They have a while platter to choose from: olive, sourdough, foccia. I went for 7 grain. Oh my god this is your favorite everything bagel that mated with the best loaf you've ever had. The olive oil pairs perfectly. It is smooth, nutty, creamy, fruity and floral.Burrata. Yesssss! Lobster is Briney and succulent. Burrata is the creamiest thing I've eaten. You need to try this. ($33)Bone marrow and octopus Fusilli. Fresh and al dente. The pasta and sauce are the stars. I found the octopus tasted a little too fishy for me. Still a very good dish. ($38)Dessert. Unbelievable. Balanced and not too sweet. One of the best sorbets I've ever had. This meringue is crunchy on the outside, then creamy then filled with apricot jelly. Light and refreshing! ($16)Some notes on service at the bar: it's a great alternative to a reservation. It's busy so you have to be patient. They are very nice but two mistakes along the way. My appetizer and main arrived at the same time. They were so busy they didn't notice until I was nearly done. But they offered to remake itnso it would be hot. The second was that I had ordered coffee with my dessert. It didn't arrive til I was ready to pay. To their credit, they comped dessert and cancelled the coffee.
#REVIEW#We had lunch here, and it did not disappoint! The flavors were perfectly balanced and the service was attentive but not too much. The Octopus was perfectly cooked- so tender. The Funghi Risotto was spectacular. We left impressed, full and so happy. Our server even brought us a desert for our anniversary!
#REVIEW#Oh Marea you doll!  What and exceptional experience!  The food was worthy of all the Michelin stars it has been awarded stand outs were the lobster burrata and chocolate mousse dessert.  Wait!  I need to add the sea bass to that list. ok fine, add it all because there was not one bite that wasn't delicious.And the staff!  Our champagne glasses were never empty and the recommendations and attention they provided were world class.  They truly made you feel cared for.  I didn't know that was a feeling a restaurant could impart!The design is beautiful and no detail was left unthought of.  I'd recommend to anyone to make this a must add to your NYC eat list.  Incredible.
#REVIEW#I can't think of a single thing that would have made my experience at Marea better. The service was exceptional and the food was on the same level. We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday here and it was the perfect spot for a special occasion. We couldn't decide on what to get but settled with the lobster and buratta, fried soft shell crab, followed by their most famous dish fussilini (excuse my spelling, I am challenged and lazy) and pasta with jumbo crab. I opted for no uni and chillis in the jumbo crab pasta. They started us off with a mini amuse bouche and great bread service. Ask for butter because damn is it good! Our waiter brought out two complimentary plates of the three crudos- it was so nice delicious. We shared all of our appetizers and I was so impressed that the kitchen took the time to separate them on to two plates for each of us. The thoughtfulness was beyond my expectations. The lobster and buratta was an unexpected combination but a wonderful pairing and so refreshing. The fried crab was perfectly crisp and a decent portion, even shared amongst two people. My entree of the pasta with jumbo crab was truly divine. Without the uni, the sauce tasted like a vodka sauce in the absolute best way possible. There was a lot of crab in the portion and overall it was a very memorable dish. My boyfriend loved his fusillini. I tried and can attest it was delicious. We also got sides of asparagus and potatoes which were great.They surprised us at the end of the meal with a special dessert for my boyfriend. The dinner made the night and we are already talking about going back.
#REVIEW#Marea, I just met a grill named Marea...oops wrong review. The first thing that hits you when you walk in is the long Bar with a bar to ceiling wavy Lucite back splash. I wanted to contact the Smithsonian and report finding the Amber Room stolen from Catherine's Palace. You'll also notice the low frequency ambiance of Euro elegance. The Maitre d' knows you even though he's never met you. One look at your shoes and your fingernails and he'll know more about you than your internist. He'll hand you his card and treat you like a Red Carpet regular. If you're eating here, you've arrived and you'll be treated like it even if you "borrowed" your Papa's AMEX Card to do it. Everything you could or should want will be waiting for you when you are seated. The Bread Dude will have stopped by, the small carafe of young cold pressed Olive Oil will be full, the Orchid placed just so, and so will you as an assistant gently lays the napkin across your lap.          There are two dining rooms made up like a Suite at the Excelsior with crisp white linens (which will remain white until the Marinara dribbles off your silver Fish Knife), Crystal stemware, custom China and all the accouterments expected by the well to do. There is a private dining room for the really well to do's too. Even the restrooms look like a corner office in a Wall St. law firm. The Decor: Soft lighting. Soft chairs. Everything polished to gleaming by a housekeeper until the medication wore off. The Staff: Top pro's in town who will read the table like a Psychic and anticipate the needs without being asked. Can't decide what sounds best, that's already been selected for you. (A $122 four course taster covers Marea's greatest hits.) The Vibe: Central Parkers, (parked in the center section). Pre-theaters noted in the computer system to be arrivederci'd on time. The Bar: You want it? They will make it. My Fidanzato Sposato (sounded like something prompting a visit to a gastroenterologist) was actually  Rye, Cointreau, Falernum, (a Caribbean Orgeat, so now you know),  Orange and Soda served tall. A second try was the Amaro Negroni requiring both hands like a first glass of milk as a toddler. The Food: Up and over the upscale Italian Seafood forward favorites you might expect. The Vitello Tonnato was basically something to hang over the edge of a Dirty Martini. A short skewer of Veal Tongue, a marinated Onion sliver, and a sliced Mushroom on a stick and all laying in a Tuna tinged Aioli. This was a far step from the pile of razor thin sliced braised Veal Breast layered with a gorgeous deep creamy Tuna Sauce I am used to and make for a first course during Summer. It was interesting, if a bit disappointing.  The Moleche (Tempura'd Soft Shell Crab) with grilled Ramps in a Ramp Puree was solid, although the the soft shell provided a bit of extra chew having been harvested just before it molted. One should not be aware of the shell. It should be a shear cloak for the treasure inside, no? Ask Eric Ripert. See what he thinks. The Ravioli Doppi were bow ties as perfect as displayed in a Madison Ave. Tux rental showroom window. Stuffed with Short Ribs they were served with melted Raclette, Brown Butter Jus, Hazelnuts, and Golden Raisins. This dish would have been at home in a Rifugio perched in the Dolomites. It was a lovely offering as was the Spaccatelli (pasta with Uni...make that Uni lite), well sourced garden fresh Tomatoes, Lump Crab Meat, Basil, and Chilis providing a dreamy wisp of heat on the finish. The high water mark was the Halibut Filet. Two inches thick with a beautiful sear it was paired with Spring Peas, Fiddlehead Ferns, Ramps, and tiny Calamari. This Halibut was the School Class President. It was so good I felt unworthy to be enjoying it as much as I did. (A subject for intervention, I suppose.) If you blink while preparing Halibut it goes from sublime to gym sock. No one here blinked. This fish was dead perfect. Pea leaves freshly plucked were also great casting for a supporting role. Just barely blanched they complimented both fish and pasta. What's for Dessert? And now that I was full as a tick from Bread, Pasta and that fabulous fish I had some Bambolini (Ricotta, Cinnamon Donuts) because almost everyone Yelping had a helping of them. And with good reason. Thumbs up emoji for these. An Amuse Bye Bye came with the check. A mini Tiramisu "Just for you" whispered the server with a smile. Marea, I'm happy to pay ya.
#REVIEW#Honest review: supper crowded make reservations really cute inside. service is amazing supper nice n attentive. Food: food was amazing just things  could be done to improve things. The desserts werent good they were really basic was expecting them to be amazing since the good was so good. A lot of dishes needed texture. Wish they gave you a take home dessert. Best things: Panzerotti/Ricci/Vitello Tonnato/Raw Scampi/Raw Vongole/Quaglia e Gamberetti/Astice/Fusilli/ steak/ lamb/CioccolatoBread only good one was focaccia. They were all old n they werent toasted was really disappointed.Amuse buche: anchovy cracker good but fishy just could have been a lot better. Panzerotti: amaizing tasted like a spicy pizza. The filling was so flavorful. The issue was the dough was really dry. The cheese on the bottom was amazing just add more cheese n make dough less dryVitello Tonnato: amazing the veal was so tender just melted in ur mouth. It was seasoned perfectly. The sauce was so flavorful n rich. Ricci: amazing. I never had cooked uni it has is so decadent tastes more richer without having that seafood flavor then the lardo adds more richnessRaw Scampi amazing. This was so good the langoustine  was so decadent so sweet, texture would have been goodRaw Capesante this was good but wasnt as flavorful as the rest was more delicate n was cut supper thin needed more of the components Raw Vongole this was delicous supper flavorful n the sauce was so flavorful loved the heat n loved the crunchQuaglia e Gamberetti amaizing. The quail was so crunchy n moist n flavorful. The sauce was so decadent n the puree was delish. The seafood added a wonderful flavor. Astice amazing supper fresh. The sweetness of the lobster goes perfectly with the burrata all the components worked perfectly just needs some heat cause its kinda sweet n some texture. Ravioli Doppi: this was good not great. It was flavorful. The dish needed more cheese cause it had like a cheese plate vibe. Fusilli: amazing this was probably one of the best pastas i ever had. The sauce was so flavorful n rich.  The octopus was so tender. My only issue put more bread crumbs.Steak: amazing it was such a huge portion n was perfectly cooked n so flavorful. The sauce was so flavorful just add more sauce. The bread thing was really good. Just wish it was with potatoes instead n the endive was delish just put more. Lamb amazing was so good. The lamb was cooked perfectly n was so flavorful. The sauce was really rich n the greenery cut through the richness just add some texture. Cioccolato amaizing was the perfect balance of sweetness n bitterness just it need some texture.Cheeseplate was gross the components didnt go with the cheese at all one was this spicy orange sauce n the other was this chocolatey paste it wasnt good the bread was good though this needs improvement asapBomboloni donuts: good they were soft n hard just sauces were not good was expecting morestrawberry crostata: was alright nothing special was expecting more flavor. End of meal tiramisu really good no complaints
#REVIEW#One of the best fine-dining experiences in NYC. I took my parents here for a nice lunch. I really enjoyed that Marea is not overly pretentious while delivering the highest quality of service and food. I can see why everyone raves about the fusili pasta. I still dream about it even weeks after having dined there.
#REVIEW#amazing food, from appetizer to desert everything was perfect.Great seafood, perfectly cooked and extremely fresh .Don't forget to keep some room for the deserts.
#REVIEW#This place is simply amazing. I went with my husband and all our dishes were more than excellent; the fragrances, the flavors, the textures... everything was on point. You can feel each ingredient and how they match perfectly in the plate. The service was incredible, our waiter was really really nice, he helped us to choice our plates and he was extremely kind. I highly recommend this restaurant.
#REVIEW#I struggled when I wanted to rate this one - some dishes were absolutely delightful, and others disappointed in one fashion or another. At the end, good service, but also colored by the fact that my friend who recommended dishes and wine was very familiar with the restaurant and thus hand-picked some very good choices to match. A celebrity also stopped in at the same time we did and so there was some neck-craning, but generally people were respectful. Once nice part - a little sauce was on the tablecloth in front of me, and they covered with another linen cloth to prevent any mishaps in case my sleeves were on the table. Nicely done.They have a four-course menu where you can choose two of the small dishes (one of which is a pasta) and pesce/carne and dessert. I did this option. Bread service included a massive tray of selections, multigrain, olive, sourdough, etc. Crudo was delicious, split orders for the table and they neatly plated the three pieces of fish, separately served. Made for easy sharing. There was also something that looked like a little deep fried fish croquets that was better without the aioli. The lobster and burrata cheese was fantastic - quite easily the best starter I've had in a while. Octopus (pulpo) over potatoes was ok, nothing exciting there, was on the bland side. The special for the night that I tried was a cracked king crab leg w/ Hollandaise Sauce, not as good as the lobster burrata.The mains - we shared a few pastas including - the pansotti - black squid ink ravioli, a bit too salty for me- the agnolotti - I realized here I'm not a fan of the preparation, the pasta shell was fantastic but the consistency and flavor of the sweetbread inside reminded me more of liver than anything else and made my tongue feel dry- fusilli - delicious octopus with curled pasta that was spicy, a little crunch and I could have eaten another full bowl of this aloneThe dover sole looked fantastic, I will have to try that another time (deboned nicely).The main I tried was the scallop, of which two were slightly over-seared, and two were slightly under (averaged right?), though internally the right consistency to split apart. Completely absent of the slight sea + briny taste I'd come to expect from very fresh scallops, though. It's almost as if they washed/bathed them off in some tap water or kept on ice for a bit too long.Dessert - shared that, too, across the table.- The bomboloni - delicious ricotta doughnuts, hot and delicious dipping sauces- Baccello di cacao,which was a dark chocolate ice cream in a dark chocolate shell that looked like a cacao bean - ice cream alone would have been good, the outside shell a touch too bitter for me- also compliments of the chef, a number of gold-sprinkled dark truffles at the end (sticky and not sure what exactly was inside, but I wasn't a fan)Overall, mix of very good (fusilli, lobster burrata, bomboloni) with ok dishes (scallops, agnolotti, and baccello). I'm lucky to have gone with a friend who dines there more frequently - otherwise would've missed some of the great selections. Will definitely come back for the great, and look forward to trying more dishes and see if they'll rise up to four stars next time.
#REVIEW#Quite a fan of this place! I used to walk home during the summer every day and pass it and always wanted to try it. Coincidently, I ended up unknowingly invited here without connecting the name when a friend had asked me. Came here on a Saturday and it was not overly crowded. The staff was extremely friendly -- very prompt service. The ambiance is great. The menu is well paired and well organized. They are known for their octopus, so I recommend getting it, if you like an octopus. It was simply divine. I had the octopus appetizer and the scallops for my main dish. Both were cooked to absolute perfection. Everything was plated with care and elegance of a 5-star restaurant. Our water glasses were never empty, and there was never a massive delay in getting anything we needed. Overall, a huge supporter, and will be returning.
#REVIEW#The five course seafood tasting menu is fantastic! My favorite dishes are lobster burrata, uni fusilli, and the chocolate mousse cake.Service is friendly but can be slow. Overall, highly recommend!
#REVIEW#My bf chose this place for my birthday lunch and it will remain my top 5 forever. The ambiance was perfect for a rainy, Sunday afternoon. I fell in love with the crab & uni pasta compared to the fusilli with bone marrow and octopus. I'm not a huge fan of 'red sauce' but I enjoyed the depth of citrus and aromatic flavors this dish offered. The octopus was so tender to eat as well. Also, the astice was to die for! We ordered 2 and I wish we could've had more. It was light, refreshing, and packed with flavors. Oysters were good but maybe try other things that are popular for appetizers. Don't over eat on the rosemary bread because the pastas are filling. Finally, the early grey pana cotta, topped with honeycomb, lavender and all the heavenly treats was a delight to top off our lunch!  Can this place open up in LA please? Service was top notch as well. Only grit was the restrooms weren't as clean as I expected for a Michelin restaurant.
#REVIEW#Came here for a quick brunch and I was really excited to come here since it was one of my friend's favorite restaurants. I was pleased to see that the menu for brunch offered many of the same dishes on their regular menu, which included the famed bone marrow fusilli octopus pasta. We got seated right away to a pretty packed restaurant and was immediately offered a selection of three different types of bread from the waitress, which we decided to take one of each. The olive oil for the bread was really good. I'm assuming they make it themselves. But I would've bought like four bottles of it if they sold it.We ordered the 6 oysters as our starter to share between the two of us and then the fusilli and the uni pasta. The oysters were so fresh and delicious. Even though they were all a various selection of different types of oysters, they were all really delicious. The crab/uni pasta was really good. I loved that it was perfectly cooked and the crab with basil flavoring reminded me of some of the dishes I had in Thailand. It was such an interesting and different approach to pasta, which I loved. The fusilli is truly the star of the menu! Trust Me. It's soooo good. The sauce is sooo rich and the bone marrow really adds a nice depth of flavor! Absolutely loved it. The octopus is probably the most tender octopus I've ever had. Man that dish really hit al of my tastebuds in the right way. The service is impeccable, as you would probably expect. This is definitely not the last time I'll be coming here!
#REVIEW#This is a restaurant I have continually seen on television from Anthony Bourdain to Action Bronson show. It is located right next to Columbus circle so very accessible by subway if need be. We had a friday night reservation and were excited to get here. They have a bar area and another more elegant dining area. They sat us in the bar area in the back at a table. I guess we aren't big enough vip's!! Anyway, this was a great dining experience. The wine was awesome and surprisingly reasonably priced. We went with the 4 course menu since we wanted to try a bunch of different dishes. They let you pick everything off the menu yourself. You pick an appetizer or crudo, pasta, entree, and dessert. Awesome deal. I ordered the octupus fusilli which I had seen on tv many times. It was rich and the pasta was perfectly al dente. I am not even an octopus fan but the octopus was tender and flavorful. My wife went with the ravioli with short rib and although it was a smaller portion it was good. The star of the show was the whole brazino that we ordered for 2. You can get it as part of the four course meal as long as 2 people do it. It was ridiculously amazing. Easily the best branzino I have ever had. It was flaky, tender, and silky smooth texture. It tasted like they just caught it earlier in the day.The service was spot on as well. They continually come around with different types of bread to taste. All breads were unique in flavor and perfectly complemented the meal.This place isnt the cheapest but I would definitely come back. You pay for the quality and can taste it. I would have loved to sit in the fancy dining area but hopefully I can next time. Great experience and it lived up to the hype.
#REVIEW#Tbh I want to give 3'5 stars but yelp doesn't allow it, 3 is like barely satisfactory 4 is good but can be better. Marea is in between. Given its Michelin status I'm being less lenient here. Nice ambiance, but really nothing stood out. My friend and I had the lunch tasting menu. Food was good but not Michelin 2 star kind of good. Maybe my expectations were too high. I liked the lobster salad the best, it was very refreshing. Pasta was also delicious, and portion size was slightly larger than I anticipated. Scallop was okay, but the green peas were not evenly cooked! Some were softer and some harder. Dessert(the one in the glass, not the cream puff which was complimentary) was really really sour I hated it, but my friend loved it. Service was average at best, almost subpar. Nobody, other than the receptionist, smiled when serving us. Also we had to ask for the bread, every time.
#REVIEW#Well worthy of its Michelin stars! Came for a late dinner with my boyfriend after a show, but the restaurant was still popping at 11 PM on a Friday! Very classy ambiance but not overly stuffy, also conveniently located in prime Columbus Circle. I had the Capesante Crudo to start, the Spaccatelli pasta with crab and uni, and the Panna Cotta for dessert. All three were delicious, but my favorite was definitely the Spaccatelli! (I could go for some right now!)Service was great, as expected for a nice restaurant such as Marea. Maybe because we were one of the last people in the restaurant, but we also got some complementary tiramisu bites from the kitchen at the end of our meal - a great way to end the experience!
#REVIEW#Occasion was my wife's birthday. Giving 5 stars for the service and for the help of the Somm, but would give 4 if only considering the food.We ordered that 4 course pre fixe with wine pairing and added the tasting crudo. Wine pairing was $75 and worth it.Some other reviews say the service isn't good or wasn't up to their expectations. My advice is to go with a plan of what you want and communicate to the person taking care of you, so you get it. People are too passive in environments like this. This being the first time we were doing wine pairings, I wanted to leave with better appreciation for why people are so into wine and how pairings could accent the meal. Communicating this to the Somm was important and pushed him to select wines that had interesting stories and would show well. After finishing dinner I had a new appreciation for wine and pairings and want to explore it more. Cheers.Midway through the meal my wife was feeling the wine and didn't want to over drink. The Somm was happy to stop her pours and not charge us full price for her pairing. If you don't drink all that much, remember this is an option. You could also consider splitting the pairing if you and your sig other don't drink too much and think half glasses at each of the four courses would be enough.Below is an outline of the food we got:Crudo: capesante/dentice/branzino Capesante, how could I not try a live scallop? It was excellent. flavor was light and fresh and the scallop literally evaporated in my mouth. Dentice, least favorite of the crudos, but good. The rubar provides an excellent flash of sweetness that makes the bite.Branzino, I liked as much as the capesante. The caviar + mussel vinaigrette combines to create this coating over the branzino that I can only describe as a heavenly mayonnaise - winner. However, I liked that I only had one - interesting how that works.For antipastis we got the polipo and astice. I preferred the polipo for the variety to flavors on the plate. Octopus was well complimented by the smoke of the potatoes + tang of the pickled onions/radish and the two delicious sauces on the plate.For pastas, we both got the fusilli. Was it good, absolutely. Was it legendary, not so much for me. Full disclaimer, I worked in a very good Italian restaurant and have a high standard for pastas. For mains, we had the spigola nera and the brodetto. We were so full at this time that we took 80% of our mains to go. Taste wise spigola was light. Brodetto broth was too salty for me and needed something to cut the acid. For dessert we opted for a cappuccino and the donuts. Dessert was fantastic, and was wonderfully paired with a dessert wine.As mentioned, I'd give a 4 stars based on food alone and gave 5 stars due to the Somm doing much to guide us through wines that were fitting and interesting. I'm looking forward to exploring the world of wines further.
#REVIEW#I walked into Marea expecting to give it five stars. It seemed like my ideal restaurant, and I do still think that it has that potential. That said, our night here started horrendously. We had a late dinner reservation--9:30, post-Broadway show--and did not get seated until 10:20pm (details on this in a minute). I was ready to ream Marea and be *that* person. But of course, the folks at Marea did everything in their power to remedy the sour moods and stomachs once we were finally at our table. A meal this expensive, I expect a certain quality across the board. So as pretentious as it sounds, I expected them to bend over backwards to make up for what they pulled at the beginning of our night. Listen: once we got to looking at the menu and were relatively settled at our table, things were delightful. The drinks were delicious and the food was an oceanic masterpiece. Excellence demonstrated across all areas. Though I'm not sure I fully recovered from the damning first impression, I can also recognize that much was out of their control and the efforts made on our behalf were commendable. So four stars will do.Man, I am just glad that I wasn't wearing heels because it was a Standing Room Only situation for nearly an hour after our arrival. We saw folks come and go, smaller parties were getting seated with great ease, jackets were checked and fetched, etc. And there we stood, a party of five, famished and frustrated. At one point one of the hostesses announced that our table was "being set as we speak" and it would "only be a couple more minutes". My my parents checked--the party was still sitting there, lingering despite a signed check. I'm not sure who I wanted to punch more--the group that was meant to have left an HOUR earlier, or the folks at Marea who were managing expectations quite poorly. I'm telling you, HANGRY is a very dangerous mood. Add in tired and you are getting a version of Molly that no one wants to see. Should I move past this? For the sake of the character limit here, I will. But it's still inexcusable for a restaurant of this caliber.So we sat. We sat at 10:20pm which is just stupid o'clock for dinner. I will first touch on drinks, given that we eventually ordered cocktails in the purgatory of a waiting area in front. Every cocktail we tried was superb. All perfectly balanced and executed. My first drink was the Fidanzato Sposato (wild turkey rye, cointreau, velvet falernum, orange, club soda), which was intriguing and thoughtful, and quite dangerous. I wanted to try a spirit-forward drink for my second, so l went with the L'Ultimo Ballo (jim beam black bourbon, contratto, giffard rhubarb, chocolate bitters). Seriously delicious and surprisingly smooth. Even my bf and sister liked it and they usually react to spirit-forward drinks with that scrunchy sourpuss "when you give a baby a lemon" kind of face. Well done, Marea. And I can also speak to the Momenti Estivi (bombay gin, dolin blanc, acqua di cedro, basil, lemon), as several of my family members tried it. Refreshing, citrusy and herbaceous.To finish off the alcohol notes, we split two bottles of wine as a table and both were fantastic. Selected carefully with the help of a somm on staff, both paired beautifully with our food.Now onto that food. Order seafood, don't look back. Marea does it all the different ways and virtually all of it is flawless. I will only review what I tried, but I should mention that they did bring us a significant amount of comped food, from crudo to veggie sides to dessert. They tried their best to squeeze in to our good graces. Eats, below:Ricci (santa barbara sea urchin, lardo): BOddly, our least favorite. I thought there was no way that this could be bad, and I was wrong. I love uni and lardo makes everything better, but something was off. Strange.Asaggio Di Tre (tasting of three crudo) A+Sadly I can't remember what three we tried, but all of them were fantastic. Marea touts a long list of crudos and I don't doubt that all are excellent. Light and fresh, elegant and sophisticated. Great flavor profiles across the board.Polipo (grilled octopus, smoked potato, radish pickled red onion, chili, tonnato): AVery well-cooked, hearty but still elegant. Again, great flavor profile here, the accompanying ingredients enhancing and elevating the octopus without overpowering it. Astice (nova scotia lobster, burrata, basil eggplant al funghetto): A+They brought us a double portion (one of our comped items) and man, am I glad. This was just pure decadence. Rich but still elevated.Asparagi Bianci (grilled white asparagus, abalone, prosciuttosea bean, green almond): AOur only non-seafood order of the night and Marea killed this one too. Beautifully presented and equally tasty. Great diversity of flavors and textures, very creative. Ippoglosso (halibut) AElegant preparation. Thoughtful ingredients, great texture, perfectly cooked/executed. A big price tag but you're getting top quality.
