#NAME#Momofuku Noodle Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/momofuku-noodle-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen,newamerican#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Ordered the roast pork ramen! (+) broth flavor was great(+) overall realllly enjoyed the ramen, ate the whole thing(-) price - given the name has Momofuku, I wasn't surprised to be paying a premium. BUT there are so many ramen/noodle restaurants in the city so you can find something just as yummy for cheaper!(-) service related - I initially ordered the extra spicy pork ramen and immediately once I ordered the waitress told me it'd be "too spicy for me to handle" and that there was no way I should order it, so she said I should get the normal roast pork ramen with chili oil on the side. While I appreciated her concern, I was kinda confused... why put something on the menu if you're immediately going to tell me not to order it?(-) wish there were more toppings and a bigger serving of meatTip: since the restaurant opened at 5:30pm, my friend and I got there around 5:20pm and waited in a line outside but once the doors were open, we had a seat at the bar! so the tip is come a little bit early if you want to avoid waiting inside.
#REVIEW#Food: 4/5   Price: 2/5.   Service: 5/5.  Ambience: 5/5***Michelin Guide 2019***This place is David Chang's culinary empire with updated comfort food, decked with wood counters, a sparkling open kitchen, and attentive and friendly service. The menu is hipster modern Asian street food. I was so impressed by the service and environment, it really made the dining experience so much better. Pork Belly bao ($6.50 per piece) - 4/5. hoisin, scallion, cucumber. Those steamed buns have amassed a gargantuan following thanks to decadent fillings like moist pork loin kissed with Hollandaise and chives. The thick huge slice of pork belly is fatty but melts in your mouth without the oily residue. Spicy Beef Ramen ($19) - 5/5. with brisket, water spinach, momofuku barley noodles. That bowl of springy noodles doused in a spicy ginger-scallion sauce is just one instance of the crew's signature work. The broth was flavorful with depth of bone flavor, without the richness nor oiliness. Noodles were perfect for soaking up the soup. Beef brisket was soft and melts in your mouth.Smoked Pork Ramen ($18) - 3/5. pork belly, egg yolk, bamboo, momofuku barley noodles. Same impressive noodles, but the broth was much saltier. The pork belly was delicious, but again, a bit salty.
#REVIEW#Tasty but quite overpricedThe restaurantFresh and very clean designs. You can pull up to bar stools or sit at communal tables. Open concept so it's very nice and busy to people watch or kitchen staff watching, which can be fascinating. The foodI had the pork belly bun and the beef ramen. Overall the quality was good but I didn't think it was extraordinary. The pork belly bun was nicely braised with hoisin sauce and scallions. Very similar to bao bun you'd find anywhere else for cheaper like Chairman Bao or a Chinese restaurant. The beef ramen was good but didn't blow me away. The fatty oil factor was out of control that you can clearly see the layer of oil bubbles.
#REVIEW#The best way I can describe this place is that it is entirely fine.  Everything I've tried on their menu was good, but none of them were great.  If you want pork buns, there are much better options in the area.  Same thing with ramen and rice dishes.  So there isn't a signature item that I would come here just to eat.  Also, the prices here are quite high for the quality of the food.  I guess part of the cost is paying to eat at a Momofuku restaurant.  The restaurant doesn't take reservations unless you're getting their special fried chicken dinners, which they have to prepare ahead of time.  Otherwise you just have to wait.  I usually come for weeknight dinners and the wait is around 30 min.  The restaurant isn't that big so be mindful of that if you're coming with a group.
#REVIEW#I've been avoiding coming here assuming it was all hype... It mostly wasn't! 10 minute wait, my party of two snagged a seat at the bar. We first got their pork belly buns for an appetizer, man these were good! Large pork belly portions too! Worth it! It had great textures and flavors.For our meals we both got the pork belly ramen. Two large pork belly slices again, perfectly cooked, super moist with a nice crunch on the edges. The noodles were perfectly cooked as well, but the broth itself was very salty. In terms of service, very good. They were constantly refilling our waters (all that salty broth man!) and clearing plates. The place was clean and organized. Overall, I'd say 3.5 stars, but rounded up for that pork belly.
#REVIEW#That spicy pork ramen is ridiculous! It's SMOKED, and I loved smoked things. From meat products to mezcal, that smoky flavor will get me every time, but with ramen it really adds something special. It's already a hearty, warming dish, adding that component brings that cozy warm blanket feeling to near overdosing levels. I was smiling into my bowl the whole time. It also has some of the best pork belly I've been served in ramen - really fatty! Just melt in your mouth pork goodness, the less chewing the better and this put up no fight. I also had their shrimp buns, which were just OK. The seared shrimp seemed deep fried, and were formed into a large pancake like circle, not at all what I was expecting! The pancake was too big for the bun, which was itself delicious, and the red onions and lettuce get completely lost. Their yuzu hibiscus iced tea is too refreshing for this world. I need this on tap, in my house, yesterday.
#REVIEW#Eating at one of David Chang's restaurants was one of the events that me and my girlfriend was looking forward too when we visited NYC. Our dinner left a lot to be desired. We started off our meal with pork belly buns which were pretty good. They give large slices of pork belly for each bun. I shared an apple cider which smelled like rotten apples, but I guess it is the "style"? My girlfriend got the garlic chicken ramen which was tasty. Her broth was much better than the broth in my ramen. The beef brisket ramen I ordered was tender, but lacked a lot of flavor. My bowl of ramen wasn't satisfying and correct me if I'm wrong, my bowl didn't get a soy egg. I wasn't able to ask because our server never checked on us, but she was able to check on the couple next to us! It was a busy weekday night from my knowledge, but we just didn't feel welcome. Even the hostess looked miserable, she didn't greet us when we came in and said nothing when we left. The hype is too high for this restaurant, but it was worth trying just to say we were there.
#REVIEW#Momofuku Noodle Bar had been on my list for a while, especially because I love ramen and I love Momofuku Nishi. I was always a bit deterred by the rating as well as the long waits, but I finally got the chance to go to the original location on a weekday for dinner. We arrived around 6pm and although the restaurant was busy, there was no wait for the bar, so we were seated immediately! The server was friendly and attentive--we got our orders in quickly and didn't have to wait too long before our ramen came. I went with the Garlic Chicken ramen ($17), and the chicken was cooked so well -- not too dry or rubbery (and it went well with the Ssäm sauce)! The broth was also tasty--not too salty, and I really liked the texture of the barley noodles. Only complaint is that I wish the portion was larger! I would come back to try the other dishes/I would also try the Columbus Circle location.
#REVIEW#This restaurant is located in the East Village and well-known for being established by famous chef David Chang. It was definitely packed for dinner when we came around 7pm. We were told to wait for about an hour, but in reality we only waited about 15-20 minutes max. The ambience felt really cozy; a little loud, but still pretty chill.Me and five of my other friends decided to eat family-style and just order a bunch of things on the menu to try. We ordered smoked chicken wings, garlic chicken ramen, smoked pork ramen, spicy hozon ramen, ginger scallion noodles, and the beef brisket.My favorite ramens were the garlic chicken and smoked pork; they tasted the most clean and crisp out of the four we chose. The ginger scallion noodles and spicy hozon felt like a little too much and lacking in flavor. The chicken wings were tangy, a bit spicy, and had a slight bacon taste. The beef brisket tasted vinegary, but goes well with the noodles they give you on the side.For dessert we had the pie, which in my opinion was way too sweet. Although it was a small slice, I recommend that you share it with people! Overall a pleasant experience and I'd come back here when it's less busy.
#REVIEW#Still an East Village/LES classic! I haven't been to Momofuku Noodle Bar since probably 2015, and it was nice to finally make it back earlier today! Came with a friend in the afternoon and we were able to snag a seat by the bar almost immediately upon entering. Service was also quick, as our orders were also taken promptly afterward.Amusingly, I ordered the same dishes I had ordered when I came here last, over 4 years ago: the shrimp bao buns and the ginger scallion noodles. It's nice to see that the classics never go out of style! The bao buns were amazing - note that they apparently sear the shrimp in a chicken and pork broth, but as I don't eat pork, they were accommodating enough to change the preparation a bit. At least from my perspective, I didn't notice any change in taste due to the change - the baos and shrimp patties are a very generous size, too - I was pretty full just eating those before even digging into my noodles!The ginger scallion noodles came with very fresh ingredients, and I like that it doesn't come in a broth like the other ramen options. However, the dish itself was on the blander side, which isn't a huge deal, since it probably just means it's healthier (aka less salt / unhealthy stuff). All in all, still a great ramen spot if you happen to be in this part of town!
#REVIEW#My mother was very abusive. So one day I just said MOMOFUKU and moved to the USA.True story.I'm not a fan of anything owned by David what's-his-name, and I keep getting racist and severe abuse based on my reviews of his places, but having said that this cute little place has a lot of cute people dining here and a line way into the street so they must be doing something right.Their food tastes pretty decent and honestly considering how popular and expensive it is I would probably give them a 2 star rating except that a couple of the employees were really nice and on a separate occasion I popped in here and it wasn't even ordering anything and they didn't mind me using the bathroom so for this reason I bumped them up to 3.
#REVIEW#We couldn't leave NYC without making a stop to Momofuku Noodle Bar (Especially as a big fan of David Chang). Fresh noodles and warm buns, what could be better on a cold NY evening. Best Menu Item: Pork Belly Buns and Smoked Pork Ramen.
#REVIEW#During my trip to New York, my friends planned to eat here even before we arrived. We were not disappointed. You know a restaurant is absolutely loved when there's a line even before opening and when all seats are filled once the doors actually do open. I would definitely recommend getting there 10-15 minutes before opening in order to get a seat without waiting.Service was extremely fast, our food was on the table within 5 minutes of ordering. The staff was also extremely attentive, which I greatly appreciated. I ordered the spicy pork ramen and it was delicious. I devoured the entire thing within 20 minutes. My friend ordered the ginger chicken ramen and she was absolutely in love with the broth. This is definitely a must-see if you're looking for ramen in NYC!
#REVIEW#Momofuku is famous for being associated with David Chang, and I feel it's caught in even more since he's had his Netflix show. I've heard mixed reviews from my friends and after a recent trip here, I'd say I'm somewhere in the middle. The service wasn't that great, some of the complaints that other reviewers have posted rang true for me and I experienced it. I got the pork bun and it was decent, I felt like it was a tad bit fattier than what I'm used to from other establishments. I got the beef brisket ramen, and it was good but nothing to justify the price that the Momofuku brand will charge you. If you've heard the mixed reviews and you like your food scene in NYC, then you're going to come by here eventually anyways. Come by and give it a try to judge for yourself.
#REVIEW#The interior is modern. Beige colored wood. You can sit at the bar or tables. The service was amazing. The waiters were always coming around asking what we needed and clearing our empty plates. The only thing I didn't like was that the tables are too close together so I didn't get that valentines date experience I was looking for but the food was amazing. I ordered the chicken wings, shittake and pork belly bao buns, the braised beef and smoked pork ramen. The prices are good and affordable. My favorite were the shittake bao buns and the smoked porn bao buns. The braised beef was okay. Overall good experience
#REVIEW#It was super busy on a Friday night, but somehow the wait for a table for 2 was only 10 minutes. I anticipated at least a 45 minute wait so this was a great start to the Momofuku experience. There isn't a large waiting area in the restaurant which makes it look really packed and busy because everyone is standing in the door way and in front of the host stand.The set up the of the tables where we sat wasn't the best because it was super close together. The waiter and waitress that was serving the table behind me kept bumping my back with their butt, which wasn't great. When the table behind me would get sat and/or leave, I was also getting bumped by their jackets and purses. The tables need to be spaced out a little more which is seems like an easy fix. The service was great and very attentive. We felt a little rushed with how quickly they kept coming back to ask if we were ready to order.  We order the pork buns, smoked pork ramen, and spicy beef ramen. The food came out very quickly after we ordered and was steaming hot (which is always a plus)! Pork buns $13: tender pork, fluffy soft buns, cucumbers, and a thick soy sauce. These were delicious! Smoked Pork Ramen $18: similar tender pork as the pork buns, egg yolk, bamboo, the broth and seasoning had a paprika flavor. It tasted pretty good.Spicy Beef Ramen: we were told the spicy level was 6/10 since there was a lot of pepper in it so we got the chili sauce on the side to be safe. Used all of the chili sauce so next time would order as it. this was more  of a basic ramen flavor and more bland. I would have liked more flavor. Beef was tender.Overall, the ramen was good, but not the best we have had. We enjoyed our experience, but do not feel the need to go out of our way to get it again. We are glad we gave it a try!
#REVIEW#There was one vegetarian dish we ordered, the mushroom buns and they were pretty good. My brother liked the ramen he ordered.Nothing blew our minds, but service was pretty good.
#REVIEW#hospitality/service: 1.5 food: 2This was one of the noodle bar I wanted to try all this time. Unfortunately it wasn't the most pleasant experience starting from there server to the food. It was my dads first time going to try ramen, yes his very first time so my sister and I thought "hey this might be a good place to let him try, but it didn't impress him in anyway. It was a Friday afternoon that we came, we got seated quite fast. The server could've been nicer, my sister is a vegan we asked if theres any options for her, the way he mentioned the options to her sounded like she was a bother. Only one of the ramen she could eat but it was broth-less. When the food came, a different server brought us the food, instead of asking where the ramen belongs to. He just named the ramen and placed down on the table, we had to past it amongst each other. Beef ramen, soup was overly salted.
#REVIEW#This place definitely lives up to its fame. The food was amazing and we had a great experience sitting right in front of the kitchen where we could watch the chefs cooking our meal. My only complaint is the space, it is very packed in here, so much so that it can be hard to get in and out of your seat. The waiters are always squeezing around each other and through the very tiny pathways between tables. However, the food is definitely worth the minor claustrophobic feeling! I would come back here again and again.
#REVIEW#I wish I could give 4 and 1/2 stars! After experience the Columbus Circle Noodle Bar (which I gave 4 stars), I decided to bring the girlfriend to the original location. It was a busy Saturday night and the wait time to sit at the Noodle Bar was about 20-30 minutes. I highly recommend sitting at the bar because it is an amazing sight to see, along with a fragrant and beautiful aroma.Started off with lemonade and the Pea Shoot Salad, the combination of both was very refreshing. The salad does have a nice heat to it from the chili vinaigrette, and it becomes perfect when you get a bite with pear. The host also gave us a complimentary Spicy Cucumber Salad, another refreshing bite and I would get it any hot summer day. I enjoyed the Cucumber Salad, but it wouldn't be my choice over the Pea Shoot Salad, my girlfriend didn't care for it the Cucumber Salad.Next up were the Pork Belly and Roasted Shiitake buns. Some of the best buns I have ever had. The slice of pork is thick with the right amount of fat. The hoisin sauce added the right amount of sweet to the pork bun. The Shiitake buns caught me by surprise. They overstuff the bun (which is a good thing), and it is so well done that I thought I was eating bacon. Shiitake mushrooms are rarely done this well and crispy, don't be afraid to try it.For noodles, I got the Garlic Chicken Ramen while my girlfriend got the Smoked Pork Ramen. If you love garlic, which I do, you will love the Garlic Chicken Ramen. The noodles were perfect, the veggies added a crunch, the chicken was flavorful, but the broth made me the happiest. Drinking the broth satisfied the garlic monster in me. My girlfriend enjoyed her Smoked Pork Ramen and said she would get it again; it was definitely Instagram photo worthy.I ended the meal with the Sunflower Hozon Soft Serve. Great taste and crunch. It also cleansed my pallet, which I needed. Can't wait to come back! The only reason I didn't give it a full 5 star is that after a long gym day working on my back, the backless seats were killing me towards the end.
