#NAME#Claw Daddy's
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/claw-daddys-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cajun,seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Attention all seafood lovers! I went to claw daddy's with a party of 3 and paid for a party of 4 just because I wanted to experience the dine in and the capri sun adult like beverages. What can I say was worth every dollar. You actually get a descent amount of seafood I believe it's 2 lbs of seafood all mixed in with veggies and corn etc. The drinks are pricey but definitely worth it. I had the Mardi Gras adult Capri sun which later turned into five more drinks please. Yes that's how's great they are. Will definitely return to claw daddy's in the future
#REVIEW#The Boil was closed for lunch services so my party and I came to Claw Daddy's which was in the area and prices seemed comparable.It was happy hour so we got a dozen $1 oysters to start. These were pretty good although shucked pretty poorly as I found quite a few pieces of shell in my oysters. For their Louisiana Boil, my friends and I shared a 2lb combo (comes with potato and corn) of shrimp and king crab legs with medium spicy Clawdaddy's Special sauce and an additional pound of shrimp with mild garlic butter sauce. I wasn't a fan of either sauces unfortunately. The garlic butter tasted more like a Cajun sauce and the Claw Daddy's Special was too sweet. I also didn't like how all the garlic pieces were cute huge but completely raw in the sauce giving a really pungent an spicy taste when you bite into them. The freshness of the shrimp varied, some of the heads were sweet but some were sour. The king crab legs were huge and meaty, I recommend trying this.Overall, I was a bit disappointed with Claw Daddy's. The Boil is the one to go for Cajun seafood so not sure if I'll be returning to Claw Daddy's.
#REVIEW#reservation for 2:45 and for 6 people. once we got there they told us to hurry up because the kitchen and bar close down at 3?! why are you offering reservations 15 min before this? luckily got our orders in and our waitress went around to make sure if you wanted to order a second drink to go and do it before the bar closed (still don't understand this)my friend wanted to split the lobster boil. wasn't that impressed. it came with one piece of corn and two small potatoes. bread was extra and not worth it, felt like cheap sandwich bread from a grocery store. the lobster felt very over cooked as well. we got a side of cajun fries which were fairly good, spinach which was so salty and buttery it was hard to eat, and alligator bites which were actually the best part, especially the dipping sauce. the vibe of the place is fun. placemats you can draw on, cool ambiance. but I think in total I spent $50 and left feeling like I hardly had any real food. maybe a different boil would've been the way to go.
#REVIEW#Im very happy with the food, but disappointed with their hospitality and Gratitude with their customers. They contradict their policy on their special events. There is no answering service for their calls, and they dont even try to accommodate their paying customers.  My family and i been to the NYC (Orchard Street location)4 times and was disappointed by being turned away on 3 occasions..and today June 19, 2019 ..was the last day!We went to the Boil on Chrystie Street that not only ..take walk ins, but have combo meals,  top shelf liquor,  and a better respect for their paying customers by showing hospitality and Gratitude.  I will continue to spend my money at the boil...Claw Daddy's. Need a operator taking calls for reservations and management that can make decisions w/o calling general or field management for a decision..no need for site management then!. Otherwise. The Regular Bullshit from Claw Daddy's...the food is delicious!
#REVIEW#Busy restaurant with plenty of seafood on the menu. Make a reservation or get here before 6, otherwise you'll probably have to wait. Service is fast, and could be a little more welcoming/personable. They have a good happy hour for drinks and some appetizers daily until 7:30p. Grilled oysters ($1.50 each happy hour): very yummy. Get as many as you can stomach. Louisiana boil with jumbo head-on shrimp and Claw Daddy's special sauce: I got 1 lb of them, and they really filled me up. The sauce was tasty, but after a while it was a little too much for my palate. I love garlic, but there was way too much of it. I can't say I loved the shrimp... it was ok. Garlic noodles: very plain; disappointing. Brussels sprouts: they were fine. Overall, I think the place is a tad overhyped. I can't speak for the many other dishes I didn't taste, but what I ordered was just ok (except for the grilled oysters)... nothing to write home about. Not sure I'd go back.
#REVIEW#Pretty delicious! We went on a Sunday afternoon around 3pm and luckily they were able to seat our modest party of 7 right away with some minor table adjustments, so it's an awesome place for groups. I LOVED the Adult Capri-Sun concept and I tried the garlic noodles (YUM), the garlic shrimp appetizer (MmMMMm) and the crab cake thingies (you can skip those though). Didn't try any of the steampots but I would definitely come back again!
#REVIEW#My taste buds were screaming for crabs and a friend of mine recommended Claw Daddy's. I'm a sucker for neighborhood gems so of course I was down for the claws! The staff were super pleasant and warm. We went on a Sunday evening and the restaurant was very quiet. It is really nice laid back atmosphere. Food: YUM!! Well the stone crabs! The conch fritters were good. But nothing to go crazy about. We've all had them at some point from a restaurant in Miami. Now back to the stone crabs! Keep in mind they are market priced. We went with the medium size which was about $35. They are served with melted butter and mustard sauce. Note: Stone Crabs are seasonal usually between October and May.
#REVIEW#My girlfriend made reservations for my birthday dinner here for a Friday night around 6:45pm. Right when we got there we go seated immediately. The atmosphere is purely young people vibe with some hip hop music- loved it! I loved their happy hour selections on baked clams and oysters. Their adult Capri-sun was delish -and fun!  We ordered tons of food. 1lb of shrimps, 1lb of clams, 1lb of kings crab legs. And for every two lbs you get sausage and corn with it. I picked the claw Daddy's sauce for mine and it was soo good and Flavorful. Our waitress was always checking up on us and making sure we were pleased with our food. I definitely think this place is probably the best Cajun seafood spot in ny. P.s food was so good I forgot to take a picture of my king crab legs !
#REVIEW#The boiled stuffs do not taste that great, but the happy hour menu ($1 oyster/wing, $1.5 baked oyster/clam, $6 bear, 8 cocktails) makes them standout. Baked oyster was good, so as the caprisun style cocktails. They also this interesting lounge area (upstairs) where you can order mostly everything but the boiled items.
#REVIEW#Came here twice within a month with different groups... first time was with some good friends on a Saturday evening and we ordered our own favorites including king crab, crawfish, shrimp and apps. I had the Claw Daddy special sauce, medium spice - delicious!!! Finger licking good. Best part was the shrimp was fat and juicy and the crawfish were big! Vibes were great - pretty packed throughout the night. The second time I came with family around Mother's Day. With 4 of us, we did the Claw Daddy Seafood Fest. Unfortunately mom couldn't take any spice so the original no spice sauce really diminished the experience. I say that to say - shrimp is still the number 1 things to get. I actually didn't feel like the fest had enough food. Crawfish was significantly smaller than three weeks prior. Nonetheless, it was still a great experience but would only come back when I can enjoy my own spices.
#REVIEW#OH MY! Enjoyed everything! Food, club-like ambience, bartender, bathrooms, clean and accommodating. NICE HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS I tried the $8 Capri drinks from $11 and had my first grilled oyster for $1.25 and it was amazing! All before 7:30 pmWill go for simply butter and garlic next time for the flavor (I don't need spicy crabs if not old Bay) but they brought a small container full of crushed garlic for $1 extra and it made allllll the difference!  Brussels a bit overcooked to my liking BUT the flavor was amazing and on point. 1 lb snow crabs, Brussels, Capri Dream drink and club soda. Mixed my club with the Dream drink to water it down...and make more  I had a nice buzz before, during, and after my meal with that ONE drink. Just enough food for me to feel satisfied (I WAS going to get two lbs!) All drinks were in the Capri pouches. Very cute! Liked the notes in unisex bathroom. Looking forward to checking out again when I need a crab fix!
#REVIEW#Wowza this place was good! Had some of The highest yelp reviews for a Cajun seafood place to eat in New York. I did the Louisiana boil In which I got the snow crab legs and the shrimp I got the claw daddy special sauce which is all their sauces mixed together. And I got it with the spicy level. I added sausage corn and potatoes. I got the yours truly adult Capri Sun mostly for how pretty it was-I wasn't very fond of how it tasted but it wasn't awful just a little on the sweeter side. The service was good and I really liked the atmosphere of the whole restaurant. It was on the pricey side but almost every single seafood place is going to be.
#REVIEW#Came with a few friends to capitalize on happy hour. Adult capri suns, which are $8 during HH here, are super strong and super good!! Loved the Sneakey Cut. Would recommend coming early on in the happy hour time to really get your drank on. We were seated immediately, ordered not too long after that, and were really, really happy with our meal. We got a few $1 oysters and a few $1.50 baked oysters to start (omg the baked ones are sooooo good. Some garlic butter parmesan combination that literally is perfection in a shell), and 2 pounds of shrimp in the mild Clawdaddy's sauce (which comes with potato and corn, with sausage as an add on!). The shrimp were big, the sauce had a good kick from the cajun but wasn't overwhelmingly spicy, and we had fun peeling and eating our finger food together. Highly recommend for their happy hour menu!!
#REVIEW#We had a reservation for 5 for 7:30 but we still waited for another 1/2 hour for our table. That was the first strike.  Expensive for what it is.  Not exactly sure what the attraction is. Spent $70 per person and left hungry. I know crab and lobster are expensive and heavy so don't expect to be full unless you get a lot of sides too.  The sides were skimpy too like the garlic noodles. The seafood was cooked well but all tasted the same with that spicy cajun spice.  Next time, Chinatown!  Can eat for days for the same price!
#REVIEW#what do you do when it's raining/cold in NYC and have nothing to do all day? well.. you start day drinking sporadically at clawdaddy's in the LES because it's happy hour, DUH.started with an adult capri sun--the mardi gras/muddled mint one. it was super good/strong. then a fried pickled appetizer.. which was delicious. the dipping sauce tasted like glorified tartar sauce... which i wasn't mad about.then took advantage of $1 oysters.. then another capri sun--the blush. factor in several soju shots throughout the duration of the meal (with lychee added, since our bartender recommended it), and we had a fantastic time here. hung out for quite a while. our bartender/server was awesome. don't know her name, but she was from texas. :) would def come back again.
#REVIEW#I've been to Claw daddy's 3 times. 2 different locations. Both locations didn't upset. I had the wings, clam, oysters, crawfish and shrimp, all very good with a double nod to the clams and wings but their happy hour prices make everything taste 10x better. The drinks are a hit or miss. Sometimes they're just right sometimes it's just juice. I went on a Monday at 6pm it wasn't packed. The bill was around $80 for everything.
#REVIEW#- Not much I can add to 1400 reviews- Good service- Good Capri suns- My favorite crab place in the city- It's not as expensive as all the other crab places in the city- The dollar wings and $1.50 fried oysters during H/H is a nice touch- I was full after one pond of food, you'll know what I mean when you get there
#REVIEW#I cant think of anything wrong with this place after my first visit. Me and a friend came here on a Saturday with no reservation at about 545 PM. They had JUST opened for dinner at 5 and the place was completely packed so I had a feeling it was going to be good. We were able to be seated even though we didn't have a reservation, but we were told we had to leave our table by 645 which gave us enough time. We ordered the cajun wings to start because they have happy hour every day...whaaat. Even Saturday???! Each wing was $1 and well worth it. The wings were so crisp and flavorful. My friend ordered a boil with the Claw Daddy sauce and honestly, I could've drank it with a straw. It was soooo good. I ordered jambalaya with mashed potatoes and it was delicious as well. We each got 2 of the adult capri suns and were feeling goooood even after having just 1 - they were strong and delicious. The atmosphere was awesome, music was good and everyone was just having a good time eating bomb food. Service wasn't anything special but also wasn't bad...just average. So so amazing I can't wait to come back with a reservation.
#REVIEW#A beautiful Friday afternoon calls for Happy Hour! Head on over to Claw Daddy's NYC for their awesome 7 days a week Happy Hour specials - $1.50 Grilled Oysters and Clams, $1 Oysters and Wings, $5 Beer and $7 "Adult" Capri-Suns!
#REVIEW#The food is on point and I love love love the drinks. It's def crowded especially on a weekend "why wouldn't it be" lol. Our waiter was sweet and checked on us time to time to make sure our experience was good!. I would def go back
