#NAME#Ruby's Cafe
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/rubys-cafe-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers,coffee,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Bright and modern spot in a dynamic part of the city. We stopped by on a late Sunday after for lunch.  There was a 15 minute wait.  Since it was a nice day out we sat on the benches and waited but they would have texted us if we wanted to wander around.  The seating is tight, the vibe is lively.   Our water glasses were immediately filled and menus in our hands without delay.  They served brunch items until 4.  It was really hard to chose. The menu was just the right size.  Not overwhelming with a good variety of choices.  My partner chose the BLAT samdhwich.  Bacon lettuce avocado and tomato on sourdough.  Tbh, the bread looked a little thicker than I like but he loved it.  I got the banana bread with passion fruit spread.  It was out of this world.  The bread was great and the spread was like nothing that I had ever tried. I also got the chicken avocado salad.  Unbelievably fresh. Great ingredients!  The salad was perfect size!!!  Next time I will ask if I can have the dressing on the side as I like very little dressing.  You can't help but notice your neighbors' food. The burger looked amazing.  They have a very interesting selection of beverages like watermelon lime & mint and pineapple &mint and fresh peach tea for example.  There is no doubt that we'll be back here...and soon.
#REVIEW#There is usually a wait time due to the limited seating but definitely worth the wait. The food here is amazing, I always leave here full and satisfy. The portions are pretty big, so it's great for sharing and the prices are very reasonable. The french fries were perfectly fried and seasoned and pairs so well with the truffle aioli sauce!The shrimp avocado salad is fresh and evenly dressed with a good serving of shrimp. The creamy chicken pasta w sun dried tomatoes is really good, the sauce is creamy and flavorful. The shrimp pasta, noodle is bouncy but soft. It wasn't greasy or overwhelming.
#REVIEW#Ruby's delivered lunch to myself and 11 co workers with not ounce of sweat. Called at 11am for delivery at 12:15. Everything was neatly arranged, packaged well and everyone got everything they wanted. The food itself is extremely yummy and their fresh juices were a big office hit. Everyone got a fries and burgers to healthy salads. Delicious delicious delicious. It was for a birthday lunch and they included a little treat for her. Awesome and super cute. Thanks staff!
#REVIEW#Aussies really have mastered the whole brekkie brunch thing and Ruby's is proof as they are absolutely smashing it !If you come on a satuday or sunday you might have to wait 30 but its totally worth it ....i mean even the yogurt (all but it with essence of coffee ) is good .Whatever you do don't forget the banana bread and butter its off the hook!Ruby's if you turned your music down so we could hear ourselves think i would have given you 5 stars .
#REVIEW#Cute little brunch place in Nolita. As you can see by the reviews, this place gets PACKED. We got here around 4pm on a Saturday and it was still over 30min wait. We got the shrimp pasta, pesto pasta, and side of fries with truffle aioli. Omg definitely get the fries! That aioli is everythinggg. Everyone recommended the shrimp pasta, but in my opinion pesto pasta was better!
#REVIEW#After reading reviews and seeing how crowded this spot was, I expected this to be a great brunch spot. I came on a Sunday afternoon and there was a 30 min wait for 2 people. You can leave your number and they text you once your table is ready or there are little benches outside for you to wait at.The place itself is really cute but also super small and the tables are so close to each other! I can hear the convos next to me. The food was mediocre. My bf got the 'Big Breakfast' and it was honestly nothing special so I don't recommend getting that, especially for the price ($15+). I got the Whaley's burger which comes with pineapple and fried egg. It was not bad, but the burger wasn't juicy and the bread didn't really fit the burger well especially since they cut it diagonally. So, the toppings kept sliding out as I tried to eat it. However, I did like the fries a lot and the dipping sauce that comes with it.The service was meh- it was hard to get the attention of the waiters most of the time.
#REVIEW#Such a great brunch spot, I would recommend it to any of my friends looking for good food & cute ambience.Can confirm the pasta, brussels sprouts, and French fries were all really good.
#REVIEW#I really wanted to like this spot! We waited 15min for a table around 5:30pm on a Saturday... the location is small but we were glad we got a seated eventually. We ordered the shrimp pasta and the bronte burger. The burger was delicious- it wasn't cooked MR as requested but the sweet chili/mayo combo was killer!!! The bread added a great crunch and I would highly recommend you try this!!! The pasta was not good at all- it was oily, loaded with garlic and more pepper flakes than the average person who likes spicy can handle! It was pretty inedible but I shared my burger and I'm glad it was big enough to split. The truffle fries and aioli were good! We didn't try any drinks or anything else and were out of there in under an hour. I did like that each table has a water vase. I needed all the water after that pasta dish!!I wish I saw this earlier... consider this your warning!! Shrimp pasta was VERY spicy!!
#REVIEW#If I could give Ruby's 10 stars I would! Easily one of my favorite places in soho to grab a bite to eat. Depending on the time of day, it can get very crowded because space is limited. Sometimes they open up the second half of the restaurant (which is more spacious), but it closes at 9pm. I came on a casual Saturday afternoon for this particular visit and we were able to get seated right away. I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries and a friend got a burger with fries. Both of us loved our meals and the side of aioli sauce is some of the best I've ever had. We also ordered the classic margarita and the watermelon refresher...and they were just that. So refreshing on a hot day. I left full and satisfied, as always. Also, our host Georgina was the sweetest!
#REVIEW#My main highlight of coming to this is always the truffle fries! I love eating truffle fries! I got the Big Breakfast and a side of Truffle Fries while my friend got some Ice Coffee, the Spicy Sausage Pasta and Sweet Potato Fries! Amazing small cozy brunch place, but it gets crowded often and sometimes a decent wait. I would recommend to give it a try though! Amazing and delicious foods!
#REVIEW#Cute ambiance, live the outdoor window in the springtime  - smoothie: the hazelnut was so good, I was craving for sweets and this is just good enough when you're trying to be a health nut (see what I did there ). I also added a shot of espresso to stay awake -burger and fries: Fries were PERFECTLY crisp and super smart to do the truffle in the aioli than on the fries. More potent for truffle lovers :) -Service was a bit slow but it is a busy day
#REVIEW#I understand the hype after experiencing my first lunch here. Luckily, we were only a party of two and didn't have to wait for a table. It was still quite packed, however, because the restaurant's pretty small. I can definitely imagine a long line on the weekends. Honestly, EVERYTHING looked so good on the menu. Both my friend and I had trouble deciding between a bowl, salad, pasta, and sandwich. In the end, I ordered a crispy rice bowl and my friend got the chicken avocado salad. The bowl exceeded my expectations!! It was so flavorful, and all the varying textures worked. I was initially afraid of the rice being too hard and inedible, but that wasn't the case at all! It was perfectly crispy and the halloumi cheese was a great touch to the dish. Perfect portion too. I'll definitely be back to try their pasta because they looked BOMB. I was envious of the nearby tables with their amazing looking pasta dishes. This is a perfect spot because there are options for everyone - healthy & nonhealthy.
#REVIEW#Disclaimer: although I wasn't too impressed with my dish, the other dishes looked better.  I ordered the bolognese (rag bol) and it wasn't the greatest.  The noodles were over cooked and didn't have a chew, a little disappointing.  The truffle fries were excellent - perfectly fried and seasoned.  The dessert plum pudding was great but was also drenched in caramel (could be considered either a good thing or a bad thing).  Would say 3.5 stars overall.
#REVIEW#This place gets jam packed for lunch. It usually has a wait but it is worth it. Service is quick and you can hear the people's conversations next to you. Don't come if you want a quiet lunch or privacy. Other than that it is a good experience. As for the food, The farro salad was delicious and light. I ordered it with avocado and it added just the right flavor and texture to the dish. We ordered the sweet potato fries which were good and came with a nice sauce on top. Sweet potato fries are hard to mess up but these stood out as better than average. We just wish there was more of it. My guest got the rag bol which is pretty much spaghetti bolognese. The sauce looked a little runny and the dish looked oversauced but my guest liked it.Although, it is kind of tight in here it is expected in nyc. You have to get lucky to come without a wait but if you do it is worth it.
#REVIEW#Ruby's Cafe is a reason why I need to visit Australia pronto! Their ambiance and food is amazing. Although there is a bit of a wait time (because of their tight space), it is totally worth it.I would definitely recommend their crispy grain bowl and sweet potato fries with sour cream and sweet chili. Everything is super presentable and photo worthy!Service can seem a little rushed since they're so busy but definitely give a visit! They also reposted my insta pic so I feel connected to them in a different way hahaha :) Love this place!
#REVIEW#I can see why this place is so popular! A burger in sandwich bread is kind of an awesome concept. Mine was a teeny bit too saucy/sweet, which I didn't love. I barely finished half of it, but I think someone who prefers saucy foods would love it! We also got the first pasta on the menu (oh gosh I forgot the name but it was Spicy Italian something.) It wasn't spicy at all, but it was still very tasty.There is always a wait here, so be prepared to wait. The cafe and it's extension are both pretty tiny but I think the turnaround time is pretty quick!
#REVIEW#Loved this place so much. The shrimp pasta is to die for.. already been there twice just for it! Will come again to try other stuff on the menu. The restaurant is a cute, laid back place with great music. Tables are pretty close to each other but not a major problem for me.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and I LOVED this place. The shop is on the smaller side so it was a bit of a tight squeeze but the aesthetic of the place was very nice and made up for it. I ordered creamy chicken pasta, my friend got the pesto pasta and we got truffle fries to share. I thought everything was very flavorful. The portion for the fries were a little bigger than I expected but it wasn't as mind blowing as everyone says they are. They were excellent but I had better ones in Bryant Park. I definitely want to come back here for brunch though!
#REVIEW#Great food, not go great service. Came here a few days before New Years for brunch & thankfully there was no wait! The interior was really cute and aesthetic, perfect soho feel. 3/4 of my friends, including me, got the EGG SANDWICH. it's a bit on the pricier end but the flavor was yummy! Packed with lots of different layers of flavor, given that it was a bit messy to eat with hands. My other friend got the BIG BREAKFAST, which was also on the pricier end for not a really filling plate. It looked like a platter of English breakfast; the mushrooms were very delicious! What took away from the experience, however, was the rude service. Almost all of the servers gave us an attitude while we asked questions about the menu and check, even when it was about my friend's allergy. We were trying to split the check per item as they miscommunicated that we could, so we misunderstood. And the server gave us a very rude and belittling attitude, as if we were stupid, as though it was not our fault for misunderstanding miscommunicated information. If any worse, the ranking would've dropped to a 3, as the service already took away the potential 5 stars. tldr;food 4.5/5service 3/5interior 5/5
#REVIEW#Update: service is bad but food is good. I LOVE the Ruby's bronte burger and will drive 4 hours to this place just for a burger. I'm happy to see that they expanded to the shop next door, adding more seating than before. Food came out quick for both delivery and dine in. Burger itself was wonderful, juicy, and flavorful. The truffle dip added a fun dimension of flavor too. The burger is $13, with a $3 charge for fries with the burger. If you get the $6 fries side, it comes with both the truffle and aioli sauces. In the past, I was given the aioli sauce even with my $3 fries, but this time I did not. I was disappointed because that sauce really improves the flavor of both the burger and fries, but it's not worth an extra $3 just for sauce. Service is extremely inattentive and aloof. There were 2 waitresses for 5 small tables, and I still had trouble flagging down someone for more water. The waitresses weren't looking around the room. They weren't particularly friendly, and looked above our heads while talking as if we weren't really there (this is the first time I've ever seen a waitress do something like this). When boxing food to go, one of my companions asked the waitress to box up her platter of Brussels sprouts, but the waitress ended up throwing them away. We didn't find out until we had left the city, but there was more than half of the dish's volume left. She was extremely bothered that her $6 side was tossed despite specific instructions otherwise. Despite the shortcomings, this place still makes the best burger I've ever had.
