#NAME#Blend on the Water
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/blend-on-the-water-long-island-city?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#latin,breakfast_brunch,lounges#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Starting super corny intro in 3 2 1...BLEND = Best Latin Entrees No Doubt!! Came here for a graduation dinner and I couldn't be happier. The food and drinks were amazing and the atmosphere was equally as nice. Pros                                        Affordable drinksWide variety of entreesGreat view Polite staff Cheap valetConsLong wait time even with reservations(expected when the food is this good)PS:Blend if you want to use my acronym for promo slide me my coin :) Lol jk but really tho
#REVIEW#As much as the reviews portrays this place as a "4 star" restaurant, that review is mostly based for parties less than 5. My family and I came in for dinner with a party of 10, and the service was HORRIBLE. The waiter (Stephanie G), did not care what we wanted and in most cases did not even remember our orders. My sister ordered a drink and it never came, so she eventually had to cancel it. I get it, after 7 people, the gratuity is automatically included, but that does not mean the service has to be horrendous. I would not recommend this place for dinner. The one star is only for the food and the support staff.
#REVIEW#I've been here too many times to count and the service provided this time around was atrocious. I missed a reservation for 6 people, by a FEW minutes due to unforeseen traffic. I called and informed we would be late. My mom and my sister walked in explaining the situation just to be ignored and be given attitude by a short girl with long dark hair. It's unwelcoming people like these that compromise businesses. Long story short, we ended up having to wait MORE THAN 2 HOURS after we were told the wait time is ONLY 2 hrs after we missed the reservation. Every time we checked in at the counter with your hostesses, they counted down the time (you've been here 51 mins, 1 hr, 30 mins, etc) as if they have some sort of hierarchy. What happened when you have me waiting for more than 2 hours? I could've been to another venue, and home. I stuck around because it was an important occasion and I set my mind for ONLY a 2 hour wait time. Word of advice.... it's better to over estimate for a customer than under estimate. It was complete bullshit what was going on. So many people leaving and entering. How hard was it to put 3 tables of 2 together? You had me waiting for parties of 12 and 16. I ended up speaking to a supervisor and he said he would get back to me on the situation, he never did. He was too busy cleaning tables although he was aware of the commotion going on in his restaurant. I was told I would see him throughout dining, and the funny part is... I never did. Is this how you guys run business when you have unhappy customers? You seem like you don't want to be bothered and settle problems that can be avoided. This is what managers at most places of business Shout out to you Amanda, after all the frustration was let out, at least we came to terms that this was a really ridiculous situation and I appreciate you taking in all the constructive criticism. Overall - atmosphere, food, drinks and waitress.... you guys were top notch and still have a 5 in my books :).
#REVIEW#DOUBLE CHECK YOUR BILL!!!!!!I came to Blend for a birthday celebration last night with a party of 11. Wait time was long, even with reservation they don't seat you unless everyone from your party is here. Some people came a few minutes late and they gave our table away so we waited an additional hour +. However, my complaint is about the bill. Their policy is that they add 20% gratuity for party of 6+. Our 20% gratuity was $82.40. The total bill came out to be $530.96 with the 20% added. However, the amount I was charged on my card is $613.36. The difference between the amount on my card and the bill is exactly $82.40 so they charged my card with gratuity twice. Honestly, I thought it could be a genuine human error. I called the restaurant the day after to get it sorted out and the response on the phone was that "the person that's in charge of dealing with this isn't here". So I left my info awaiting a call back. However giving this a little more thought and looking at other yelp reviews, I saw this happened before, the same exact issue. From what I saw on yelp, the response the manager gave was "this happens all the time" , "you must have pressed the add tip button when you signed". No. I signed my name and did not press any buttons. It's honestly so shady and disgusting restaurants think that it's okay to fool people and to play dumb and make you the fool when caught. People come in your restaurant, drink, have a good time, have means of celebration and they think it's okay to take advantage, cause who really checks their bill the next morning or who even remembers right? Currently still trying to resolve this and get my money back.
#REVIEW#I live right next to this restaurant and I finally eat here a few nights ago with a group of friends. It was a Tuesday night and the place was fairly busy. I know well Blend on Vernon Blvd, and I always thought that one was better, and I have say my dining experience was great! I particularly love the sangria, which was made with rose wine: really tasteful. The group shared guacamole, and various appetizers, including salmon cakes, piononos, and crispy arepas. We were delighted and made a few order of all. Everything was delicious. This restaurant is perfect for a party or group of friends night.
#REVIEW#Best restaurant / bar for a big celebration with friends!I always see people with huge birthday balloons here. Atmosphere is always so great! Love the view!
#REVIEW#So I've been here before for a birthday brunch in the past and even though it was packed  and we sat at one of the tables near the bar- I enjoyed both my drinks and my food! I had the coconut mojito , sangrita ( sangria and margarita) and then I had the mofongo con Camerones and I loved it . Friend had the churrasco and  eggs and loved it also ~~~~~~~~I recently came back on Saturday for a friend's bday. Reservations are held for 15mins . Otherwise you go on the list and that can take 90mins+ on a Saturday There is valet for $7 . Get cash Place is super crowded on Saturday... lFor starters - We had the guacamole , wild mushroom flatbread and the short rib arepas which were good . Dinner entree I had the Churrasco with chumming sauce . Eh it was ok . Friends had the salmon , arroz con mariscos and the vegan chicken and they all loved it . Place is super loud on Saturday. Hard to hear others . I like Sunday brunch better .
#REVIEW#The food was very tasty we had to wait a longggg time because we didn't have a reservation and it was graduation week. However the food was really good and the drinks were even better. We had a really nice waitress also
#REVIEW#Went here for my birthday and it was wonderful! The coconut mojito was bomb and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to others.
#REVIEW#Great food and great service!! Came here for brunch with some friends and had a wonderful time. The sangrias were bomb and so was the food! Definitely looking foward to visiting again!
#REVIEW#The location is goregous of course;  I've been here for many special occasions and they never disappoint!  Definitely the spot to celebrate, enjoy the view, great food and drinks.  Parking... Don't even worry about it, they have valet!  Which is cheap but worth it because you will not find good parking on your own, especially if you're in heels.
#REVIEW#Great place for dinner! Beautiful and modern interior, spacious and relaxing feel. It was very crowded when we arrived for dinner and we had to wait a bit at the bar before being seated. Service was friendly and the food was top notch. Strong latin vibes and the flavoring was absolutely scrumptious. Portions aren't huge but between apps, drinks, entree and dessert, you'll definitely leave satisfied. I wouldn't recommend sneakers and ball caps. It's a slightly classy place. Dress up a little. I would absolutely go back. New fav place. They also bought a birthday dish for me which had the awesome sparklers. Only complaint -  the bathroom is horribly lit and needs a bit more light.
#REVIEW#My colleague has been telling me about this place for over a year. Now I see why she frequents this place. Customer service was A 1.  The hostess, waitress, busboy and valet were all pleasant and inviting.The view of the Ed Koch bridge along with views of the Chrysler and Empre State Building are reasons why this place has over 2500 reviews.In addition to the views and service the food is pretty good too. The salmon was good as well as the chicken skewers. My sister had the pernil and cleaned her plate. All that was left was a bone. The apple empanadas were not too sweet but a nice end to the meal.I enjoyed the salsa music and was told by other patrons that they do have live salsa bands. Totally enjoyed my time here. They also have a NYC ferry stop on the water side of the restaurant.
#REVIEW#Great seafood Arroz con mariscos. Latin America vibe, wicked caipirinhas. Thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  Rose Sangria is also good.
#REVIEW#Visited Blend yesterday and had a great time. We had reservations and were seated right away. The drinks here are at a different level of AMAZING worth every penny! The appetizer were great, specially the chorizo Mac & Cheese and the short rib arepas. My salmon entree was good but not great the cilantro mash was good as well. The desert platter was out of this world so so yummy! Perfect flan and delicious ice cream!
#REVIEW#LOVED Blend on the Water! My boyfriend took me here recently for my birthday. Everything was perfect. We were a bit late for our reservation so it took us a little while to get a table but what can you expect from a very popular restaurant on a Friday night. The atmosphere was great. The music was very authentic to the culture and the lighting was just right for a romantic candle lit dinner. Not to mention there were glass windows from ceiling to floor almost all around the restaurant showing a beautiful ocean view.There were people dressed up for bigger occasions and other dressed casually for just a nice dinner out with their loved ones. The staff was super nice and friendly. They were very attentive and genuinely cared about the kind of the experience you had. The food was super good. I had the churrasco with rice, beans and tostones and my boyfriend had the chicken with Hispanic fried rice and fries. Both dishes had a great amount of flavor. To drink my boyfriend and I shared one of their fish bowl drinks. I do not remember the name but it smoked just the way the drinks at the sugar factory do. It had the perfect amount of alcohol for the both of us to share and not need a second. Overall , I'm very satisfied with my experience. I can't wait to visit again.
#REVIEW#We came here to celebrate Fathers Day with my in laws. Although the place was pretty full we were seated with 5 minutes of our arrival. The restaurant was large with with cool decor and big windows which allowed for natural light. I ordered the passion fruit Mojito and it was tasty. We ordered guacamole, salmon cakes, chicken skewers, lobster and crab tequenos as appetizers. For my main dish i ordered the  arroz con mariscos (pictured) with a side of Maduros. My meal was delicious! It was seasons really well and the portion was just right. Everyone enjoyed their food and we plan to come back soon!
#REVIEW#Alright so this is one fancy, classy restaurant and yes it is on the pricey side. Its great for groups, couples date, anniversary  or just a date. You have to make reservations in advance. The skyline view is beautiful especially at night. Resturant is clean, trendy, elegant  and for all age groups. Delicious Latin food, decorative and worth it all. Vibe is upbeat and there is music. Bathrooms are clean which says a lot about a restaurant. The white sangeria hit the spot.
#REVIEW#Love this place. But MAKE RESERVATIONS! It's always packed, even during week nights. Perfect for date night, valet parking & right on the water.
#REVIEW#Came here to celebrate my friends birthday. The place looks elegant with their lights and decorations. It has really nice view of the east River and Manhattan skyline. Noise level was a little loud but was still able to make conversations with my friends. The bathroom felt a little awkward with the girl opening the sink and handing the towel. I felt obligated to tip but since I didn't carry my bag with me, I didn't have cash. I just thanked her awkwardly and I return back to my seat. For food, they have few vegan option. So I got the Vegan Pollo A La Plancha. It came with vegan chicken with almond milk sauce, rice, beans, and maduro (plantains). Their take on this classic dish was great. Definitely enjoyed my meal. The serving seems small because of their big plate but it was definitely filling. My non vegan friends definitely enjoyed their meals also. The staff were very attentive and helpful. We also ordered drinks that were pretty good. Would definitely get their pineapple mojito again.
