#NAME#Shake Shack
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/shake-shack-new-york-45?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers,juicebars,icecream#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#If you weren't craving burgers before, just walking on 86th between Lex and 3rd will make you want one. They have the vents from the grills blowing out into the street and I could not pass it up.The staff was super friendly and speedy in taking my order and the wait is comparable to the fresh food being prepared. I ordered the veggie burger with no bun, fries, a cookies and cream shake and a half and half (Arnold palmer). The veggie burger is a black bean patty with beets and when you bite into you can see the red beets. So you know it's a good quality veggie burger. It had a nice crisp to the outside with the chewy center and the lettuce and veggies on it. The fries are YUM. Crinkle fries with a nice crunch as you bite into them and a chewy center. And perfectly salted. The shake was an actual shake you can drink. I'm so used to Utah where they make everything concrete so this was a special treat. It tasted just like when you have a bowl of ice cream and it starts to melt. So good.Glad I got to stop in the shack since I hear about it all the time. I love the energy of the crew and that they use compostable materials!!
#REVIEW#I tried again, and it was just as bad. I really couldn't believe it. This time I told the cashier three times, "just plain meat patties. nothing else." The order was late. Just like the other times. Then they bring the food. Order totally wrong! Buns on every burger. I was floored. I had been super clear with the cashier -- how did this happen? Again? ALL the herds of people in line behind me got their food, and I was still waiting, like hundreds of people came and went, and I was still standing there. Just like all the other times. I seriously don't get it. Is it that hard to not put the bun on the burger? I shouldn't have to wait like up to 40 minutes to have them give me a meat patty. As you can see from my previous reviews, I kept giving them chances, but no more.
#REVIEW#My friend friend from out of town and I stopped in here yesterday for a quick bite before heading out to an art gallery.Used to be regular at the MSP location until I started dieting..... Anyway, i was looking forward to the burger, fries and strawberry shake I ordered.After a bit of wait (place was slammed!) we finally got our burgers to go because we were out of time.Very disappointed with them to say the least. We both were. The patties were really soggy and gressy w very little taste. Good bun, cheese and bacon but the patty itself was a let down.Anyway, i came in the next day to speak to the manager and he wouldn't refund my meal but he did replace them even though I had my receipt. Customer service at this location is truly the best in this city. I mean WOW even the cashiers were great despite how busy they were; They even gave me a custard sample which was fantastic!
#REVIEW#Shake Shack has the best veggie mushroom burger I've ever had!  The fries were hot and fresh crinkles cut!  My favorite!  Then to top it off, I had a My O Pie with custard and blueberry pie!  Can I say we need a shake shack in Hawaii?  Please please please!!  Clean restaurant!!!  Fast service!  Friendly!  Serves beer!!
#REVIEW#This shake shack needs some major help.I placed a mobile order and got the notification that it was ready, and I then had to wait 15 more minutes for it to really be ready. So there I was, 7 months pregnant, standing up at the front being bumped into by every teen in the upper east side for 15 minutes, waiting because I was told my order was ready when it really wasn't.
#REVIEW#Prime location in NYC for a great quality burger.  The outdoor seating is reasonably clean and a great place for people watching.  Occasionally you get homeless person hanging out, staring st you while you eat.  The shroomburger is absolutely my favorite.  Super cheesy and super meaty mushroom deep Friedan places between buns.  Shakes are also really good in washing down the greasy (or juicy)food
#REVIEW#I love Shake Shack. That is a known fact to people who know me. This location in particular is the where the Shack Track & Field UES group meets the 2nd Tuesday of every month at 7pm to run 4-5 miles then meet back at Shake Shack for a free beer (or wine) reward. I love that Shake Shack does this. It's not just in NYC, where they also have a group at Union Square & Battery Park, but it's all across the country. Even Austin, TX has a group but I didn't know about it until after I moved to NYC.But more importantly, the food. My go to is a single ShackBurger and fries. I also love their Chick'n Shack sandwich. The buttermilk herb mayo and pickles combined with the fried chicken breast is unlike any other chicken sandwich I've tried. They also have a spicy version but it's not always available. I have yet to try the hotdogs, but that's only because I love burgers so much, it really hasn't crossed my mind.Shakes are good, but can be rich. I love the chocolate and mint versions the most. Every May they even have a promotion tied with No Kid Hungry where if you donate $2, you get a coupon that can be redeemed for a free shake. It's a no brainer since it's for a good cause, and the shakes retail for over $5. Their chocolate custard is very tasty too.Customer service is always on point here and the food comes out pretty fast. This location has a lot of outdoor seating but with the winter months it's not as useful although they do have a few overhead heater lamps.And now I'm hungry. See y'all next 2nd Tuesday of the month!
#REVIEW#This was my first time going to this Shake Shack location, and I was very pleased with my experience here! I came during the lunch rush hour so it was pretty crowded, but the service was still very speedy and efficient! I was able to get my meal within 15 minutes. The workers were incredibly kind and helpful. This Shake Shack is now my favorite Shake Shack location!
#REVIEW#Staff is quick, food is standard, but their pickup system is sketch to say the least. It's on a shelf that anyone can take from. You don't even have to show your receipt. Delivery guys stand directly in front of it all the time blocking you trying to get to it. Before you can even get to your order, they have rifled through your food with their dirty gloved-hands. Shake shack needs to have a little more control over this system. I just threw my food out bc I didn't want to eat a burger that someone just touched with their disgusting gloves.
#REVIEW#I have heard about the touted Shake Shack for quite some time, but they are non existent on the west coast. I had honestly forgot about them until I ran into one after a visit to the Met, so I was so ready to dig in and enjoy a burger and fries. The odd thing about this location at least was it felt like a Starbucks when walking inside, nothing wrong about it, just very laid back and not a typical representation of a burger chain. Anyhow, was lost at first when it came time to order as I could not find the average menu hanging down over the order counter, but luckily spotted a board on the wall giving me the low down. So it is what you would expect at a burger joint, burgers, fries, shakes, veggies goodness, hot dogs, and some alcohol (Beer & Wine). I opted for a single cheeseburger and fries, and was immediately handed a Olive Garden buzzer after placing my order. This is great time to fall asleep to be woken up by a mass vibration. Jokes aside, food came out pretty fast and to be honest did not look too appetizing compared to the hype it was getting. Fast forward to the devouring of the fries and burger and I was pleasantly surprised by the great quality of meat and fries that were served, especially those salty fries (So good). I can honestly see why this establishment is essentially the in and out of the east coast. Ended up making another stop later that night as it was so good, and well worth it, even with the additional heartburn..
#REVIEW#Great burgers, lots of seating space. Highly recommend their shackburger and their fries. It's so good!
#REVIEW#I love Shake Shack but this location is the worst when it comes to indoor seating. There's no where to really stand when you're waiting for food and it's always a mess in the outdoor eating space. The only good thing is the people are really nice
#REVIEW#Shake Shack bacon cheese fries are everything you ever dreamed of. The crispy chicken sandwich, a god send. I ordered to go and they packed everything up from the liquid cheese to the burger all in a box and a handy dandy bag.Eat the fries first and honesty, I liked the sandwich better when it was cold. Perfect cheese and bacon portions. Get some ketchup too. So good. Crunchy, salty, mmmmmm it was just amazing. Total of a little over $12, Shake Shack price point is on point. Water tap is around the corner from the cash registers. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Bathroom code is at the bottom of the receipt. Bathroom is always busy by the way.
#REVIEW#12 am no beef burger just chicken and its famous with beef burgers! All dissatisfy customers with their chicken menu taste anyways nothing good to say!
#REVIEW#Shake Shack is everywhere these days, but I still think this location is one of the better ones in Manhattan for a few reasons. The staff is friendly and quick, the line usually seems to be shorter and faster than other locations, and there is a lot of seating outside so it's much easier to find a table than at some of the others. It's just a more comfortable experience all around. The food quality is usually pretty standard across most Shacks, although I did think the burger assembly on my last visit here surpassed some recent visits to other branches. I got my usual - a single Shack burger with onions, pickles, and cherry peppers added, plus fries - and it still remains one of my favorite meals to order. Quick, efficient, and a great burger and fries - pretty much everything I'm looking for from Shake Shack!
#REVIEW#I have been to this location dozens of times and have never written a review. It's a Shake Shack, so the food and drinks are of consistent quality and i've never had any issues with the food. I think this location is best suited for someone who just wants to grab their food and go. The staff is friendly, attentive, hard-working, and helpful. The location overall is well-located very close to the subway, but very small.Seating is very limited here and I almost never found a seat inside. Yes, outdoor seating is available, but how many months of the year is it actually "outside eating" weather? And that doesn't account for the warm days where it rains also... But if you're going on a warm, sunny day, you can definitely find a seat inside or outside. They have umbrellas on the tables outside, and I've actually tried eating outside in the rain, it's horrible. There is water everywhere and the ground has poor drainage, so my feet get soaked.In any case, I would recommend planning to get your food here and eat elsewhere, just in case you can't get any seats.
#REVIEW#OMG these crispy (processed) gooey cheese on fries. Eating wonders of this fatness. I always get these. Apparently this style of processed cheese-whiz is called "american cheese". We dont get them often in canada so they do wonders on my palate! YUMMMMMMMMM
#REVIEW#Having lived in California for a number of years as many reviewers have we compared this to our experience at In and Out.  For me this won hands down while my husband enjoyed it but still favors In and Out. The line was fast on a Sunday afternoon and loved the indoor/outdoor area for the location we chose.  We both had the Shackburger.  I loved how the outside was crispy and almost caramelized without the patty being dry.    The cheesy was delightfully gooey and I easily finished it off with the yummy crinkle cut fries.  After that many calories it was good that we were heading to Central Park afterwards!  My husband found the cheese to be too gooey and for this he prefers In and Out but conceded that their fries are much better...  Quite excited that they're opening an out post in Seattle..
#REVIEW#The people who work at this shake shack are the best of the best and so incredibly kind to everyone. You can't help but be in a good mood after talking to one of the employees. Love coming here for the bomb burger and the bomb service!
#REVIEW#I just love this branch as it has so many seatings and it has an outdoor seating area as well. You don't have to eat while you stand or to wonder around to look for people who are leaving to take over their place. Fast service, friendly staff and unlimited seating availability.
