#NAME#Xi'an Famous Foods
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/xian-famous-foods-new-york-39?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,burgers,noodles#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#The hand pulled noodles and the special spices are enough to pull you in. It's a smaller food joint with no frills. Of course get the hand pulled noodles with the lamb. Their noodles are thick and have a great chewier texture with a bite to it. They're handmade and you can see the chefs working on them in the back. The lamb is seasoned with the perfect amount of flavorful spices which pairs well with the broth. The lamb/pork dumplings are filled with soup after steaming! Impressive. The Tiger salad also is a great dish to snack on while eating the food since its refreshing and cuts down the spiciness going on. Flavor sensation!! Bland doesn't exist here!
#REVIEW#Bring a bib, put together a makeshift bib with tons of napkins or wear a black/red shirt. This is a delicious lunch to brighten up any workday, especially compared to the many mediocre soup/salad/sandwich places nearby.  But the delicious chili sauces and slippery noodles make it a disaster for keeping your shirt clean.Spicy & Sour Lamb Dumplings: Not sure why more places don't make lamb dumplings, since they're so delicious!  Loved the numbing spicy broth. Instead of merely using chopsticks, I scooped this up with a spoon so I could really indulge.  Then I double dipped (which is fine, since it was just me) to get another dose.  I could probably eat a bowl of 24 just by myself!Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles: I was oddly excited to see them making the biang biang noodles behind the counter.  They really do make that "biang biang" sound when hitting the table!  The noodles tasted delicious too!  Thick and chewy, perfectly holding some of the slick spicy numbing sauce.  The thinly sliced and well done lamb pieces were yummy too, though not a huge portion.  Only challenge was trying to pull the noodles apart individually and intact, since they kinda stuck together shortly after being made.
#REVIEW#If you love hand-pulled noodles and spicy flavor, then make sure to stop by Xian! Like mostly every spot in NY, this place is very small. You place your order at the front and pick it up in the back section of the restaurant. We ordered the Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger, Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles, and one other dish. They were pretty busy, and the food did take some time to come out.Seating was the best, but hey its New York, so I didn't expect too much. I dug into the little burger first and it good. It was a little dry, but the lamb did have that spicy cumin flavor, like advertised. Comparing it the noodles, the noodles were definitely better because it wasn't as dry and had that fiery kick. If I lived in New York, this place would be in my weekly lunch rotation. Its quick, filling and most of all delicious.
#REVIEW#I'm literally obsessed with this place. On my recent trip to New York, I went three times. The food is cheap, quick, and delicious. What I love most about this place is that it doesn't try to hide behind fancy decor or high prices, it's all about the food. You'll get your food served on a paper plate, and you'll most likely not be able to find a place to sit cause it's always so packed. This is a true mark of an authentic and great Asian restaurant. I've tried the spicy cumin lamb hand-ripped noodles (N1), the stewed pork burger (B1), and spicy & tingly beef hand-ripped noodles in soup (NS2). All were delicious. Everything is flavored and seasoned well, noodles are cooked what I would describe al-dente so it really clings to the sauce, soup is savory. I would come again and again.
#REVIEW#Where do I begin?!?! So a quick trip to New York to get some amazing food. Coming to New York all I wanted to try was Xi'an cumin lamb noddles. Upon entering the restaurant the line was out the door, good sign! That means it's worth waiting for. The restaurant is very small, seating is very minimal so you have to keep your eye open to grab the first open seat. Vultures all over!!! lol! I ordered the cumin lamb noodle and was delightfully surprised. The hand pulled noodles are amazing!!! The lamb taste as it has been cooking for hours. Full of flavor and definitely spicy! I had a fresh salad on the side that made the spice level tolerable! Definitely a pro tip on the salad. If you like spicy food definitely try the cumin lamb noodles. If you are dining in just be aware you'll be spelling of fragrant spices all day. I could eat these noodles everyday! Can't wait to return to try other dishes.
#REVIEW#This Xían Famous food is just as wonderful as the others I've been to. Reasonably priced, quick noodle dishes. All types of noodles. I absolutely love their food. This time I branched out and instead of my usual oxtail, I opted for their spicy and sour lamb dumplings (hold the spice). It tasted amazing! Customer service from their very young staff was on point. The cute African American young sister at the till was very kind with her explanation of something I didn't understand. I'll ALWAYS stop by when I see their sign! The End.
#REVIEW#This was SO good! I rarely go to the same restaurant twice when travelling just because I always want to try new things, but these noodles here, stole my heart! I'm a huge fan of Liang pi noodles but it's not something you can easily find here in the bay area. Even though both locations I went to in NY seem more like fast food style with limited seating. The limited seating in which you sit bar style next to one another is a little annoying if you go with a group, but it's ok. One time I had the cumin lamb in soup noodles which was really good and obviously good enough to convince me to go again. Second time I had the cumin lamb dry noodles and it was SO GOOD! If you like lamb then I highly recommend this one. The noodle texture is so chewy and thick, I loved it. Definitely more authentic than others I've had. We even tried their dumpling which was surprisingly really good as well! Even though I didn't try EVERYTHING on their menu, but from what I've had and heard from friends that ordered other things, I don't think you can go wrong here!
#REVIEW#The lamb noodles were super yummy! The noodles were chewy and the meat was tender. The kick was perfect, not too spicy. They also have this soymilk that I used to drink as a child. There are only about six seats inside, so you might have to take your food to-go. Great little joint.
#REVIEW#BEST noodles I've ever tried. Can't stop thinking about how delicious the noodles were!There's always going to be a long line but it moves fairly quickly. I would recommend people to grab their food to go because there arent many spots available to eat inside. The establishment is relatively small compared to it's high popularity .The foods are very flavorful and savory. A1, which is cold noodle, is my favorite dish here in Xian famous noodle. I highly recommend everyone to also try their cucumber salad and dumplings as well. Thinking about these foods just makes me want to go to the city again! I highly recommend everyone to try this place out !
#REVIEW#I've always been a fan of legit handpulled noodles. This is one of the best in NYC and I love their noodles and their texture.  I usually get the beef and the flavors are all so good.  The spice is just about right for me, not too hot and just a good enough kick for me to enjoy it.  You basically order whatever you want and wait for your number to be called.  The food comes out fairly quickly, less than 10 minutes!  Food is great and service is great too!
#REVIEW#Pretty Americanized but that's not a bad thing. Had the N2 Spicy & Tingly Beef Hand-ripped Noodles ($10). We ordered at the cash register and walked to the back, since our food was coming from Kitchen B over there. Although space was super limited with standing and sitting bar stools, we hovered and found seats relatively quickly.The big, thick and chewy noodles held the chili sauce well. The chili oil was more complex than I had expected: sour, mildly spicy, gently numbing (hence Americanized - I was expecting stronger mala effect), without being overly salty. There was a leaf or two of pickled cabbage hanging out with the chunks of tender, well seasoned beef. Beef to noodle ratio was just right.The portion was big enough for 2-3 of us to split as a snack.
#REVIEW#Cannot go wrong at Xi'an, ever. Get any of the hand-ripped noodle dishes, whether it's the lamb, beef, pork, they are all out of this world and full of flavor. If you can handle spicy (and I mean something with a REAL kick), it's really worth every bite. Recommendations: get there early (or late). If you go during prime time, it gets slammed and is a tiny space to begin with. Speaking of tiny space, it's best to get to go.One of the few places that I'm truly craving all the time! Make sure you drop by.
#REVIEW#Husband wanted to come here during our stay in NYC. Close to time square.Place is small, order upfront, with standing space and small seating spaces toward back. But from the look of fulfillment on the diners faces and the joyful slurping sounds, you know the food is gonna be great.Probably great turned to one of the best hand pulled noodles we had. The dry spicy cumin lamb noodles is perfection. Perfect thickness and chewy texture with every bite of the wide noodle, perfect level of spicy and lamb umami. Would return to NYC only if to eat at this place again, just like Joe Shanghai.(This review was written by the husband)
#REVIEW#Small space but this place is a must visit when in New York and looking for noodles.  Be careful since you can easily splash sauce on your clothes if your hasty in scarfing down the delicious noodles which you would want to do cos it's that awesome. I went with the n2 spicy pork which wasn't spicy but just so good that even after the weekend of st Patty's I could only think of going back
#REVIEW#Got the Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles and the Dumplings. Flavor of the noodles is really good, but hardly any meat at all. Just a lot of noodles. Seems to be the trend now that I look at the comments. Should have read before. Noodles are very long (almost annoyingly long), so basically gotta eat right over the bowl and chomp to cut the noodle to not get red sauce on yourself. No wait when I went. Very small eating area so don't come with a large group and expect to find seating. (First come, first seat)
#REVIEW#My son wanted to go to Xi'an after seeing it on TV. It's a hole in the wall, for sure,....long and narrow. Get it to go if you have a place to eat it nearby.He got noodles with spicy beef. He loved it. It was too spicy for me me but I could tell it was excellent.I got a lamb burger. It was more liked pulled lamb (like pulled pork) than a conventional burger. The flavor was great. They kind of burn the edges of the bread they put it on and I like that. I kept thinking I was going to want tzadiki or something like that to dip it in but I never missed having it.The BEST though,...was this really simple salad. It had a fairly conventional asian vinegar/oil dressing but it was just a little better than any I can recall having before. It was really fresh and refreshing. It was a tiny but sweet, but not too sweet; and a tiny bit tangy without being tart. We shared one salad but will definitely get one each next time.
#REVIEW#Awesome flavors and noodles. Probably some of the best I've eaten in the city. That said, don't come here if you are a tourist with a lot of luggage or looking for a nice and relaxing lunch. The place is packed and people are lining up for the seats. Definitely not a place for conversation and you will be stressed if you want to eat there. I got the lamb noodles which were amazing. Wife got the ox tail noodles which were good, not amazing.
#REVIEW#Ooooh this was gooooood. This was our last stop before leaving new York and it did not disappoint. It's a really small shop and we were lucky to get seats right before the lunch crowd came.We got the spicy lamb cumin noodle as well as the beef sandwich. The flavor was good, there's a little kick of spice to it and the noodle was very strong and sturdy. It was awesome. The sandwich was also good, crispy on the outside and filled with a hefty portion of meat on the inside. I can see why this place is famous. The price is also super affordable for what you getOnly thing is that the place is super small so when it gets crowded, it gets crowded, not good for people who are claustrophobic at all.
#REVIEW#When I first tried this chain I loved it. Five years later, it's formula seems a bit tired. Plus, it didn't really sit well in the, ahem, stomach. First there was the ordering. It's a narrow hectic space. Warm and claustrphobic too. Turns out our food is coming from Kichten B which apparently is what the B on the receipt stands for. Weird. There's barely seating. But that's typical for the chain. The noodles themselves were good but could've used some more meat. I ended up enjoying my partners stewed beef even more. Price is good but not sure I'll be back.
#REVIEW#Ssssslurp! Their Spicy Beef Noodle Soup with big chunks of beef, savoy cabbage, and cilantro satisfies, especially on a cold-ass day. The default spice level of this dish was just enough to make it good and tasty.While I enjoyed their cold sweet/sour Haw Drink and tried their Chrysanthemum Tea, I wish they used a lot less sugar or none at all. For similar entrees, I prefer Very Fresh Noodles who offers better noodle texture and tastier broth in Chelsea Market but this franchise has more locations.TIPS/NOTES:**No bathroom. **A tight space. Spots exist for eating while standing or sitting.**Service was quick and friendly and a clear wall menu shows pictures and descriptions.
