#NAME#Sushi Yasaka
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-yasaka-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Eat the spicy salmon roll. The yellowtail roll is great too. But seriously, don't miss the spicy salmon. It's easily worth five stars.
#REVIEW#Was very disappointed in my experience after reading all the rave reviews.The prices were fair enough, as many other Yelp elite members can attest. Same with the food- it wasn't the best sushi I've ever had but it was decently fresh and tasty.My main problem was the service. Not one person working there cracked a smile, from the hostess to my waitress to the bus boy. I usually try to give everyone benefit of the doubt but when I tried to politely ask a few questions regarding the menu and the food I was met with a huffy replies and eye rolls of annoyance. Would have given this place one star, but the food warranted an extra star.
#REVIEW#I don't care what anyone says, but this is the highest quality of sushi for the price that you can get anywhere!  I'm from Texas, and it definitely beats every place I've been to there.  The sushi deluxe is such a great deal, and it even includes uni (seasonally - winter time is when I've gone twice).  They have really good lunch specials as well.  Every fish tastes so fresh and clean.  You know they have good items coming through and being prepared well.Make a reservation in advance for both lunch and dinner!
#REVIEW#Visited Sushi Yasaka around 8:15pm for the first time on Friday. It was busy, so I'm glad I made reservations.My wife and I ordered the Sushi Deluxe with tuna avocado roll, salmon hand roll, eel avocado maki roll and a negi yellow tail maki roll. I also ordered a rice lager beer.The sushi was brought out on a wooden board. There is a single light that shines at the table making it the spotlight. The presentation was beautifully done. The taste was phenomenal. The fish was so fresh. I would say Sushi Yasaka is easily one of my top 3 places for sushi in NYC.
#REVIEW#Can always count on Sushi Yasaka for solid, dependable, great value sushi and meal. It's like the one friend you know you will have a good time with 100% of the time.I recently discovered the lunch specials here - both weekdays and weekends - and the deals are fantastic. I got the Sushi Lunch Special, which is 6 sushi pieces + 1 roll of my choice for $16 (soup/salad comes with everything). For $20 you could get 4 sushi + 7 sashimi + 1 roll of choice. I wasn't too hungry so I went with the first.Lunch special includes more than this! Bento boxes, noodles/udons, entrees, and skimming the prices, all looked like great value.I highly suggest you come in a small party (ideally 2 people) as the place is extremely popular with locals and people who trek up to UWS. And if you can, sit at the bar!! It is very cool to watch your sushi chefs create the beautiful and delicious dishes of this restaurant.
#REVIEW#We stopped by for lunch with a reservation so we were seated without a wait. Seems like a popular spot since people were already waiting outside. I ordered Toro, uni, ikura sushi, nothing from the set lunch menu. Daughter got a ikura roll and tempura. The sushi wasn't bad. Everything tasted fresh, California uni was pretty good, surprisingly. I've had some bad encounters recently with fishy uni but this one didn't disapppoint. Had the chef custom make a uni handroll with shiso leaf. Delicious!The tempura was subpar, batter wasn't as light and airy as a proper tempura should be. But overall I'm pretty satisfied with the meal.
#REVIEW#Very fresh, high quality nigiri and sushi rolls. We had dinner reservation at 9:30pm on a Saturday and the restaurant was still fully packed when we arrived, which speaks to how incredibly popular and delicious Yasaka is! Started with miso soups, seaweed salad (interesting because Yasaka uses half fresh seaweed), and delicious grilled squid. We then ordered nigiri a la carte and a few sushi rolls. Yasaka also offers a $20 corkage fee if you prefer to bring your own wine.   I appreciated the honesty at Yasaka. We wanted to order the uni, but California uni had been sold out with only Maine uni available. Our waiter advised us that he does not highly recommend the Maine uni and that we should come back some other time to try the California. Will definitely be back soon!  Only comment would be the service. Although our waiter was very attentive, there were some mistakes with our order that required several dishes to be sent back to the kitchen for redos.
#REVIEW#The best sushi ever! Came here due to the recommendation by a friend, and I'm so glad I did! The restaurant is in a very residential area in upper west side. We were staying in midtown, and actually it was pretty convenient for us to take the subway over. There's also a bubble tea place right next door btw. I made a reservation for Monday night at 7. We arrived a bit early, and they were able to seat us relatively quickly, which is a bonus. The place gets filled up pretty quick on a weekday. The space is tight, so you might bump into other ppl's chairs.Onto the food. Hubby got a omakase and I got a seared salmon don. Omg everything was soooo good!!! The omakase was decently priced at $55/ person. My friend said it was $45 when she went there last time. I guess they know they can't charge more for what they offer. I'm totally ok with it because everything tasted so fresh. Definitely a must- return place in NYC.
#REVIEW#Best sushi i have had in north america since Japan. Extremely fresh fish that melts in your mouth. The rice was perfectly marinated and just the right amount.Very reasonable price for the quality you are getting. Ordered the mini omasake, 6 nigris with toro. And 6 sushis, they all tasted great even the shrimp and octopus.They take orders to go too.Absolutely recommend this place. It's way better than sugarfish nyc.
#REVIEW#Sushi Yasaka is one of the better sushi restaurants that I've been to in the city. The sushi is well priced, the rolls are good sized, and there are a lot of great combinations that help you choose a well assorted meal and also help minimize the FOMO of wishing you had ordered something else when your food arrives. The fish tastes fresh and the rolls have good flavor and rice quality of them. I'd recommend going with a small group, ordering a bunch of different rolls and sharing so you can have the fullest experience!
#REVIEW#The best sushi place on the Upper West Side :) it is always packed and popular, so make sure to make a reservation beforehand! For the reasonable prices, the sushi quality is always super fresh, and the fish to rice ratio is always filling. There are so many options to organize a fulfilling, nutritious meal! The sushi chefs work really efficiently without sacrificing quality, and I love that they always put a speck of wasabi between the fish and rice in the nigiri. My favorite is definitely the Sushi Deluxe, because I get my fill of sushi through the delicious nigiri and rolls, and I love that the order comes with uni when it's available. The lunch special prices are also incredible and of great value, so I try to make that when I can :) I want to return for the omakase sometime because I know it's going to be phenomenal :)
#REVIEW#Came here on a Sunday night, we made a reservation so we didn't have to wait. We came on time and were seated immediately. The sushi was really good, I definitely want to come back. However, like other reviewers have mentioned, it's pricey and not filling at all. I was starving all night after we finished our $144.80 dinner for two. Since Sushi Yasaka wasn't known for omakase, we didn't order the omakase. We didn't order any special or deluxe because they're usually assorted fish that no one likes and they're never fresh)! We ordered appetizer, a la cartes, and desserts. We had the following, Appetizer:- Tuna Avocado $12; it was okay, too much sauce overpowering the taste of tuna, I probably won't get it again- Usuzukuri $17.50; I think we ordered this and they didn't have it, I don't have a picture of it and don't remember eating it at all but it's on our receipt and I didn't realize that until now (3 weeks later, DAMMIT they overcharged us!)A la cartes:- Chu Toro sashimi $10.50 for 2pcs; amazing, would order again - O-toro sashimi $12 for 2 pcs; amazing, would order again - Scallop Sashimi $6.50 1 pc; they were supposed to slice these in halves but they forgot so we ordered 2 orders of scallops, amazing would totally order again- California Uni $15 for 2 pcs; amazing- Botan Shrimp $15 for 2 pcs; absolutely amazing!- Ikura roll $7 for 6 pcs; 10/10- Samon handroll $6 each; pretty goodDessert: - Temp Ice Cream Green Tea $9 - Eh- Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream $5 - Eh- Red Bean Mochi Ice Cream $5 - EhOverall, the a la cartes were really good but the appetizer and desserts weren't.
#REVIEW#UWS neighborhood gem! This was our go-to sushi joint when we used to live in the neighborhood, and after taking about a year and a half hiatus after we moved away - I'm so happy to say that it is just as good as we remember. What we ordered: - Vegetable tempura - YUM.  Variety of vegetables fried to perfection with 3 different salts: green tea, citrus, wasabi.  GET THIS- Sushi Deluxe - Perfect amount.  Great variety of sushi plus you get to choose a roll.  Melts in your mouth type. GET THIS - Green tea crepe - sweetness just right with a fantastic not too overpowering green tea flavor.  GET THIS I would say that this is a fantastic value for the quality/favor of sushi you get here. My only tip is to definitely make a reservation!
#REVIEW#This place is amazing! I came here on a weekday around 1pm and it was packed with customers. I got the mini omakase because they don't serve the regular omakase during lunch time. The quality of the fish was fresh very and the tuna literally melted in my mouth. I would definitely come back and try the regular omakase.
#REVIEW#Their sushi is okay. It's nothing extraordinary or very authentic for what you're paying. Most of their staff is Chinese. If you're in the mood for some average sushi this is the place to go. If you're looking for something elevated or authentic this is not your place.
#REVIEW#There's a lot of great nigiri/omakase in the city in the $100+/person range, but that's definitely more special occasion fare. When I heard that Sushi Yasaka had omakase for $50 (12 pieces + chef's choice roll) and looked at the gorgeous pictures of the nigiri, I grabbed hubby and off we went on a date night!Although fully intent on doing the $50 omakase, I actually ended up being swayed by the $23 sushi deluxe, which includes 9 pieces of nigiri (including uni!) + 1 roll of our choice from the roll list. The uni is only included by seasonal availability so we checked that first, and then I confirmed that both the omakase and sushi deluxe only have 1 piece of uni nigiri. For under half the price of the omakase, I definitely felt like it was completely worth it! But one day I'd still like to try the omakase to compare!+ Sauteed Organic Mushrooms ($8): Mushrooms galore! What's not to love! Portion was larger than expected.- Agedashi Tofu ($7): Didn't impress--the coating was not particularly crunchy, stretchy, or flavorful. Our mushroom appetizer improved the agedashi tofu significantly.+ Sushi Deluxe ($23): Amazing value for 9 pieces of gorgeous and flavorful nigiri (including 2 cuts of salmon, 2 cuts of tuna, uni, ikura) + a roll. My uni didn't look as pretty/firm as hubby's but still tasted fantastic. For the roll, there's 16 choices--I got negi yellowtail and hubby got eel avocado. As mentioned previously, uni is only "included by seasonal availability."- Homemade Mochi Ice Cream ($5): It was just okay. Red bean tasted kind of like watermelon to me, though hubby disagreed.In addition to the great food and great value, they take reservations! Sushi Yasaka will definitely be my go-to sushi spot in the city!
#REVIEW#Upon recommendation of my friend, Meina Xu, I tried the most amazing sushi in New York City. Sushi Yasaka is the place to go for great Sushi in NYC.Sushi is my favorite food and I can eat it everyday. My favorite Sushi rolls are shrimp tempura, salmon and avocado, eel and cucumber, and many more.Having gone to over a hundred sushi places throughout my lifetime, my favorite restaurant was Monster Sushi that was on 23rd Street. They have recently closed that location, which is a very sad occurrence, moving to New Jersey. Their greatness was the size of these rolls. But Sushi Yasaka's strength lies in their savory taste and an exquisite petite portion.You would think, why is having a petite size a good thing? Well, because there is not much rice and way more fish on their rolls. You don't want to eat a roll that drops on your plate while you're trying to catch it. Sushi has to be high level experience. A kind of meal that you want to have before or after going to the theatre or a museum. An important way to see a cultural array of colors and shapes would be going to Sushi Yasaka.The food will fill you up but is not heavy by any means. It is not a pleasant feeling to eat something wonderful and then feel heavy. Definitely make a reservation during lunch special, because every time I have visited Sushi Yasaka it is always packed...and for good reason.
#REVIEW#Great quality sushi at an affordable price! This would probably be my go to sushi spot if I lived in NYC. Four of us dined here on a Saturday night, I called in to make reservations ahead of time to get seating at the bar, which I highly recommend doing if you wanna see the chefs in live action. It was very entertaining and enjoyable to see all the sushi that came out.I was originally gonna get the omakase but the miyabi was calling my name. It comes with 6 nigiri, 10 pieces sashimi, and a roll of your choice for $26! They have plenty of other tasty options as well including donburis, maki & hand rolls, as well as the sushi deluxe!
#REVIEW#Good quality food that is very reasonably priced - if you can get a table.  Seems to be extremely popular even Sunday night. Quite noisy inside, as there are no real partitions, and to be honest I would have liked to not have had to hear random strangers' dating adventures throughout our meal.  I guess I can see why they spoke so loudly because I could barely hear myself talk over the noise.But the food is consistently good across all dishes we ordered.  In particular I was surprised by freshness of the sashimi.  The unagi (eel over rice) is also a great deal as they actually put two layers of eel over rice, and it also tasted better than average.The decor is not quite hole in the wall but you get the sense they keep prices low perhaps by forgoing remodeling.  Menu has a large selection.
#REVIEW#Extremely high quality sushi for a very reasonable price.  The apps and the sushi are all very good.  We order in from here and go to the restaurant and both are great.  Only complaint is the size of the restaurant and when you make a reservation, you sometimes have to wait later than your res which is frustrating.  Also there is no good waiting area.
