#NAME#Aunt Jake's
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/aunt-jakes-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,wine_bars,pastashops#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Omg omg omg... I LOVE Aunt Jake's!!  The place is very clean and quiet with nice staff. They make their pasta by hand, and it's always fresh. I first discovered this place when my company held a pasta making event at their other location. I tried their rigatoni and fell in love.I ordered take out while roaming around Chinatown, and I could not have made a better decision. The pasta is cooked perfectly, and the meatballs are so juicy and delicious. The one change I would have made to it was add more cheese to the dish. That would've made it go above and beyond.I highly recommend anyone craving pasta (like I was) to order from this place.
#REVIEW#Nestled in Little Italy, this location is a bit hard to find. There's a small section for outdoor seating, and a larger area downstairs for indoor seating. I loved the concept of choosing your pasta and sauce separately. I ordered the rigatoni with puttanesca  and my boyfriend ordered the 4 cheese ravioli with Sunday sauce. The rigatoni was not what I imagined - it was NOT hollow, and I don't think it was cooked long enough. Not sure if they brought me the wrong pasta or not. Sauce was ok, a bit spicy but ok. The ravioli was pretty good, and the sauce went well with the dish. Overall, this place was ok - a bit pricy for what you get. If you're looking for pizza, don't come here.
#REVIEW#Aunt Jake's is ok. The meatball appetizer was good. None of the pastas or sauces really stood out for me, except for the vodka sauce, which was pretty flavorful. The squid ink alle vongole was decent, but I wish it had a more briny taste. I do like that this place allows you to "build your own" pasta into any combination.The server was also meh. We asked for bread sticks 4x and each time he said it would be coming out with our food. Nope, they never came and he never bothered asking if we got them. But the couple who came and sat next to us an hour in got some after they asked for it twice.I most likely won't be back as there are other Italian places I'd rather try.
#REVIEW#I went to Aunt Jake's for brunch and ordered the Tagliatelle pasta with roasted garlic sauce (from the create your own pasta menu). Honestly, I was expecting better from this highly rated Italian restaurant. The pasta was pretty ordinary and the sauce was a typical creamy sauce (little to no garlic flavor). It definitely wasn't bad but it wasn't much better than average. The main reason why I wanted to come to Aunt Jake's in the first place was for the squid ink pasta, but it turned out that they were out of it when I was there! That was a big disappointment.The exterior of the restaurant is easy to miss as it is small and you have to take some stairs down from the street level. The inside is decorated nicely though. The service speed was good and our waiter was helpful and attentive.Overall, Aunt Jake's has slightly above average pasta. My review might've been better if they had the squid ink pasta, but for now, I have to give it 3 stars.
#REVIEW#I've always wanted to try this spot and am soo happy my friend and I stumbled in.  We were out at a leadership event and were quite hungry. We looked at some places around the area but have actually been to a few.  Then, we saw AJ's was right around the corner so our decision was made for us. We were definitely going to this spot.It is the quaintest little Italian shop I've ever been to. We sat at the bar (with perfect lighting I might add).  We started with a mixed salad which was just the freshness we were craving.  Then we ordered our meal:  my friend had the carbonara, and I had the risotto with butternut squash and pepitas.This food was so homemade, so delicious and just so perfectly cooked I savored every bite.  My friend looooved the carbonara. We also got to see fresh ravioli being made as well which was a special treat.I'm counting down the days until I get to visit again because this place deserves to be visited on the regular.  I love Aunt Jake's :)
#REVIEW#First of all, their portion sizes are CRAZY BIG!! I have a huge appetite and I could barely get to half of my plate!! I got the tagliatelle with the Sunday sauce! Not usually a fan of red sauce and this wasn't bad. I liked the braised rib that was in it! The tagliatelle wasn't as wide as I thought it would be and the spaghetti is actually thicker/chewier than the tagliatelle (which I wasn't expected). The carbonara was ok, nothing too special. The truffle fries were bomb (though I wish there had been more truffle flavor dispersed throughout the fries instead of just on top).
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch on a nice sunny Saturday. Maybe it's because we arrived at around 2p, the restaurant wasn't too busy. There are two levels to the restaurant and there are a few tables outside restaurant for those who want to have outdoor dining.We ordered lemon ricotta pancakes and squid ink vongole. The lemon ricotta pancakes were moist and dry at the same time. They're moist in the center and they taste very eggy, in a good way. The texture of it almost tastes like corn cake. With the little berry compote and whipped butter? On top, this dish was everything I wanted.The squid ink vongole was also very on point. The pasta was cooked al dente. Combined with the flavorful garlicky clam soup, everything about this was like a match made in heaven. For drinks, I ordered a non-alcoholic cucumber lemonade as I was still recovering from my Vegas trip. It was extremely refreshing, perfect for a summer day.
#REVIEW#After hearing all great things about Aunt Jake's, I finally got a chance to check it out this week. It was really a nice little gem in Little Italy! Selling point? Handmade pasta! Great place to go in with family, date night or even a huge party (the same night we went in for a B-Day celebration, there was also a huge party going on upstairs). I LOVED Heritage Berkshire Pork Chop with Broccoli Rabe + Roasted Garlic Jus. Some might say that the Pork looks a bit dry, but I loved it! What makes this place very special besides homemade pasta is that you can create your own pasta & pick the sauce, too! We ordered Carbonara sauce & definitely did not disappoint. We also ordered Risotto and I had to say it was REALLY rich! However, I really loved how it tasted with mushroom & butternut squash in it. I have to say though, for our party of 5 and we ordered a few dishes family style, and seriously the portions were HUGE. We couldn't even finish everything and sadly we had no extra room for desserts. One thing I know for sure is that I would definitely come back to try their desserts & other dishes on the menu! Last but not least, the service was absolutely top-notch! Our waiter was super nice and friendly. Highly recommend this place!
#REVIEW#Won't lie the server sucked he was terrible, never introduced himself or told us anything about the place, but the pasta and sauce wereexcellent except, we got the family salad first, DO NOT RECOMMEND. The dressing has no flavor what so ever was just oil and Italian season it needed vinegar. We asked for vinegar as it needed it terrible he said we don't have that and ILaughed as it's an Italian restaurant, what Italian restaurant doesn't have vinegar lmao.. Finally he found some Red wine vinegar, ok what ever, we added that to least give some flavor to the dressing. Other than that everything was delicious. Pasta was well made and the meatballs tasted like I was in my home in Italy. Was very impressed with the meatballs and sauce.
#REVIEW#A huge pasta fanatic, and this place definitely meets the bar! I was worried because a friend said she wasn't impressed/thought it was too hyped, but I wanted to try it anyway. And very glad I did! Definitely recommend the rigatoni and Sunday sauce (marinara and sausage, yum), and their rigatoni wasn't hollow! We also got tagliatelle with the chicken sauce, and that was a favorite amongst the group as well. We got family style, and two plates were MORE than enough for 7 people. We had to box up some afterwards. It's def a lot of food for the price!I'll say the white margarita was flavorful and def a better choice than the sangria. But both were delicious and strong.
#REVIEW#Came to Aunt Jake's for brunch on a Saturday, and thought it was a solid spot. We called ahead that morning and we were able to get a reservation for 1.5 hours later. Note: It can be a little difficult to find (we passed by it a few times before we realized it was the restaurant), but it's super cute inside.My friend ordered the pancakes (she loved them and said they were super filling), and I got the eggs florentine. The portion for the eggs were a little on the small side (it was mostly a salad with two eggs and tiny biscuits), and I asked for the meat on the side but they forgot.However, the service was lovely and the vibe was great. I believe they are known for their pasta (which they serve at brunch as well), so if I were to come back I'd certainly try that! TL;DR - cute brunch spot, order wisely.
#REVIEW#Aunt Jake's is the cutest little Italian spot. I've been to both this location and the west village one, and I feel the SoHo one is a little cuter. However, the food quality is the same at each.The spaghetti vodka pasta is EXCEPTIONAL!! I get it every time. The vodka sauce is super creamy and fresh. I love that it comes with a delicious bread on the side in the shape of the heart.OH and when they start you off with bread, ask for more. It's so freaking good.
#REVIEW#Great experience at Aunt Jakes! Great meal with flexibility in ordering your favorite sauce with the pasta of your choice. Very generous servings with tasty garlic bread to start. Has the Sunday sauce and the Lasagna (held its form!) The service was excellent. The atmosphere was pleasant and friendly.
#REVIEW#A must for all pasta lovers. Our waiter really made the experience so special and genuine. He recommended the perfect dishes. Every dish is so fresh and satisfying. What's not to love?
#REVIEW#We were there for an early dinner. Visited based on the reviews. Surprisingly it wasn't crowded at all. Ample space and friendly staff. The rigatoni was fantastic. Too bad they were already out of Sunday sauce, I really wanted to try it. I would say this place was solid decent, but you can do way better in NY.
#REVIEW#Came in with my family and the man at the door was quite charming and led us to the back yard which as open and cute with music!Food was amazing and try the cauliflower gnocchi!Amazing!!
#REVIEW#Aunt Jake's is a cute little Italian-American restaurant, but I think the atmosphere here is more of a draw than the food. From the moment we walked in, the people who worked here were super friendly.  We were greeted, shown upstairs, and seated at a cute little table for two.  Our waiter seemed nice too but he left us without water for a while during our meal and was pretty busy whenever we tried to get his attention.  And even the nicest staff in the world can make up for not great food.  The pasta was weirdly chewy -- maybe because all of their pastas are homemade?  It's probably a personal preference thing, but I prefer my pasta al dente with less squish.  And unfortunately, the sauce wasn't a winner either.  My vodka sauce was more red than it was pink, and it was seriously lacking flavor. Aunt Jake's seemed like a local favorite for a casual date night or family meal.  But on a Saturday night, the restaurant was half empty, and that probably should have been a sign.  At $20 per plate for less-than-stellar food, I was bummed I picked this place for my Little Italy experience.
#REVIEW#Out of all the Italian restaurants I been to, this is one of my favorites!  Not because it's in Little Italy, it's because their pasta is home-made.I came here previously to celebrate a friend's birthday.  It made an impression on me because of the unusual restaurant name (Aunt Jake's -- normally a guy's name though no judgement -- wondering about the name history) and the amazing food.  We were sitted upstairs.This time we came for a late lunch over Easter break.  The entrance is down the stairs (don't go up the stairs like I did).  There were a family and a couple when we arrived. It took a few minutes to seat us meanwhile the children in our party loved the basket filled with jolly ranchers.  After a while, we were shown to our table (the tables seat two so it can be adjusted to fit bigger parties or a party of two).  While you are waiting, there is a basket of soft longish rectangular bread sticks -- so good that you can't help yourself especially if you are hungry.We ordered the: squid  ink fettuccine vongole cooked to perfection (not over-cooked so that it is lumpy) with the clams -- so many clams and not one had sand.  Yum!Herbed Garganelli with alla vodka (create your own pasta -- choose shape then sauce) -- this one was delicious too!Thank you for such a wonderful service and attention.  Words can't express the appreciation you shown us while we were there.  Thank you!  Looking forward to coming here again.
#REVIEW#I've always liked Aunt Jake's but the past 2 times I visited within the past year, I was quite disappointed. I made a reservation for a party with a baby and requested a high chair. They put us at a high bar top with the high chair. We can't see my baby's head after the party sat down. When I friends asked to be moved, they gave us a hard time. I actually called ahead of time to ask them for a high chair. They told us they can't move us cus this is the only spot they can accommodate a large party. We saw empty tables that we can push together. My girlfriends even said they can push the tables together themselves. After 10 mins of commotion, they finally agreed that we can move. This past weekend, I went again. The menu changed. They only serve brunch menu on Saturdays and Sundays. They don't serve their garlic sticks during lunch time either. Food also took along time to come out. The pastas we ordered were soggy. The chicken with kale salad was dry. I don't think I'll suggest to come back again.
#REVIEW#I don't know, man. I'm conflicted about a three star review because, while the family-sized squid ink fettuccini vongole ($38) was a great value for pasta per person (we had a group of three), the food itself was extraordinarily bland and the service was just awful. Honestly, I love saving money, but if I had a choice to go to another pasta joint and pay more money but receive quick service and delicious food, I would jump at it in an instant.So, the good news is that the food was... well, it was not the worst pasta. The broth that came with the dish was very flavorful and the accompanying clams were decently large and plentiful (albeit extremely salty). The complementary bread was great when we dipped it in the sauce. But the noodles were totally bland, and then the dish became too salty when left to sit in the broth. The pasta itself was a complete letdown. Also, the restaurant ran out of the famous breadsticks I've read so much about, and our reservation was at 7:15pm. Kind of surprising that it ran out so quickly, especially as we sat down during prime dinner time.Aside from the bland pasta, the service was... not good. While the servers were friendly and accommodating, the food took 55 minutes to hit our table. We sat down at 7:15 and finally saw food at 8:10. It seems to be a problem with the kitchen and not the servers themselves.If I did return it would probably be to try the chicken parm, but even then I'd be nervous about the speed of service.
