#NAME#Blue Dog Cookhouse & Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-dog-cookhouse-and-bar-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cocktailbars,breakfast_brunch,newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#We were looking for a perfect spot for drinks and snacks after the show , and as we were strolling down the 50th street we noticed Blue Dog Cookhouse.We were greeted by the hostess immediately and seated within 5 minutes. The restaurant was busy, but they were able to accommodate us pretty fast. I ordered Spanish Conquest - tequila based cocktail, and my friend ordered Midtown Sour - both were recommended by a server, and both were spot on! We ordered Crostini for appetizer (5 for $25) . Salmon caviar and Burrata were my favorite. Everything from taste to presentation was great. They have cute design, silent movies playing on the back. I really recommend for girls night out, date , or theater night!
#REVIEW#Pros:Cocktails were delicious!The side of Brussel sprouts was crisped to perfection.Cons:The sliders were a bit dryThere was not enough bread with the spinach artichoke dipThey were out of cauliflower Took my mom here before a show in the theater district and dinner was good but would not go back because I felt each dish was overpriced and not up to NYC standards
#REVIEW#Service: 1 starRestaurant was completely empty when my family and I walked in. Despite the fact that there was plenty of room to accommodate my family, the hostess attempted to squeeze us, a party of 3, in a tiny table that could realistically only fit two diners. Food also took an extremely long time to arrive, even though we were the only customers there.Food: 2 starsFood was reasonably okay, but by no means tasty or worth the price. I ordered the crab cake eggs Benedict ($23) which tasted quite fine. However, the grilled avocado eggs Benedict ($19?) was extremely mediocre, as the avocado served up was not seasoned and merely charred, leaving an unpleasantly bitter taste. The accompanying Hollandaise sauce was also bland and unsatisfying. The complementary salad greens we received were wilted and the vinaigrette was bland, as well. Lastly, the vegan burger patty was made of beets, which tasted fine, but fell apart immediately and was difficult to eat as a result.Atmosphere: 0 stars My family and I were genuinely baffled by the ambiance. I think the restaurant was attempting to go for a kitschy, hipster, speakeasy-type vibe, but the off-putting, dark blue walls, screen projector showing silent films on loop, and bizarre, grating 80s music gave us all headaches. We couldn't wait to get out of there, and when we did, we marveled at the fact that even the busiest streets of Manhattan were more peaceful than the restaurant itself.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner with a gf on mine on a Sunday funday and it was pretty packed... hidden cause the front store isn't the actual entrance. You would need to go around. Right on 50th street by the E,C train. We were greeted by the hostess and taken to our table by the window view. Our server JOSEPH - big shout-out to him! He was serving 3 tables at once + bartending and making all the cocktails. Talk about multi-tasking and great customer service skills.Another sever - a lady... forgot her name kept refilling our water glasses and made sure our drinks was full at all time. Mind you it's a warm 60-70s weather outside nyc today, we were super thirsty. We ordered the Notorious DOG BURGER, The French collection burger, Brussels sprouts, truffle teriyaki wings, the Japanese sautéed noodles w/ steak which surprised me. I really enjoyed the noodles in an American restaurant and the Brussels.Ended the night with a coffee martini made specially by JOSEPH ! And ordered the black out cake which was super moist! So good! Def coming back for BRUNCH! Yahhh!!!Plus they stay open late for the theater folks ! Check it out
#REVIEW#Came in after the lunch rush after passing by for years, so glad I did! The entrance is not on 50th St. Go around, inside of the buildings enclosed hallway, to a nondescript door. The inside is very small but they manage to do a lot with the space (they also keep the cold out in the winter- no chills even if you're close to the door!). The interior is painted a dark navy/grey but light streams in from the large windows. They also have Edison sphere bulbs and fairy lights, as well as a projector going on one of the walls (often showing black and white Charlie Chaplin movies). The end result is an uptown restaurant that has a very downtown vibe. It feels both intimate and energetic. Very moody bathroom too, so surprised this is in Hell's Kitchen! There are some private tables along both walls and bar seating, but the bulk of the room is taken up by a large communal dining table. I sat at the bar and had a view of the one TV they have, which was playing NY1 on mute (god I miss you Pat Kiernan). They have an extensive cocktail, juice, smoothie, and tea menu. I forget the name of the juice I ordered, but it was beet based with ginger and other healthy things, and had a perfectly smooth texture. For my entree I ordered the breakfast burrito (eggs, mushrooms, jalapenos, pepper jack) with mixed greens, home fries, and a side of applewood bacon. That bacon was soooooo freakin good, damn. The burrito was good and comes with a salsa you can pour on top. Delicious home fries, and the greens were only very lightly dressed instead of being drowned in dressing. I ended up chatting with the manager (I think she was one of the managers), Elaina. She was so friendly and kind, we talked about everything! She told me I should definitely come back for their brunch, although it gets crowded they have a really fun atmosphere. Music was fantastic. 80's: Talking Heads, "Take On Me", Blondie. Pat Benatar.
#REVIEW#6/2/19. Really small inside max of maybe 50 people but it was a very nice experience Charlie Chaplin movie playing on the back drop. We had to wait but that was ok with us as we were heading just down the road to see Wicked. We were concerned about getting seated and eating before we'd have to leave for the show. But the hostess took care of us and so did our waiter Borche! Thank you!!! This place is and should be known for their burgers. Wow! The wife started with a Mary Magdalene (Bloody Mary). The wife got the Beet O' Burger. It was wicked tasty and full of flavor. The beets were yellow and not your regular red color. I got the Empire State of mind. Holy cow. Panko crusted double burger with boozy cheese, applewood smoked bacon, grilled avocado, kimchi, Worcester aioli. This burger was so juicy and flavorful and big I could not eat it as a double. So I forked the first patty and then ate the other as the burger. Amazing. We shall certainly be back. Thank you!!!
#REVIEW#Small, but cute restaurant with really tasty food!We came on a Saturday morning and waited about 25 minutes for a party of 2 at around 11:30. The ambiance is really nice and the food tasted amazing. The french toast is a must have!The waiter could have been more attentive. He took our order and that's it. He didn't check in with us to see if we needed anything or ask us how everything was, BUT he did take the time to ask the pair in front of us how everything was even when they came in way after us. He even got their check before he gave us ours.
#REVIEW#I ordered a quinoa Cobb salad for takeout. When I got home, I realized it was missing blue cheese and the dressing!  $5 chicken breast was tough and dry.  McDonalds makes a tastier salad for much less than $25.Do not trust them with your takeout order. This is the first time Yelp has disappointed me!
#REVIEW#Our one breakfast in NYC we chose Blue Dog Kitchen Bar and we don't regret it! We arrived just as they opened which was perfect as we wanted a place open at 6am! It's a very small place and has a much more interesting vibe than I expected. Staff was friendly and attentive. I ordered the grilled avocado Benedict and my husband had a tailored omelette. The Benedict came with a lot of food. The potatoes were the best part! Super flavorful. The hollandaise sauce on top of the Benedict was too thick for my taste. The small bunch of greens on the side was nice to break the meal up. My husband had no complaints with his omelette. Service was fairly quick considering we were the first people there. A small one stall bathroom is available which was nice.
#REVIEW#Super happy that a gem like Blue Dog is here, just a block away from me. The entrance of the restaurant is not on the street, it is actually behind the building which have a separate alleyway at the Worldwide Plaza.The restaurant itself isn't big - it can fit maybe 20-40 people max with one big communal table in the middle and several 2 and 4 seaters against both sides of the walls. My friend and I both opted for the burgers, the Notorious B.I.G and the Empire State of Mind. The burgers weren't humongous to the point that I can't fit it in my hand, but it was so much food! I ordered mines medium rare, however for the Empire State of Mind since it was fried the only option was well done.4/5 for the burgers - the quality of the burgers were juicy and very tender, and it came with a side of fries. For the fries, we both choose to upgrade from regular fries to butternut squash fries that were deep fried for a few dollars. AND.IT.WAS.SO.GOOD! The butternut squash fries came with an aioli dipping sauce, and it was crunchy out the outside but the inside was soft mushy sweet butternut squash. Drools. For drinks, I ordered the Blondie (beer), which went down really smooth and goes well with the burger. Perfect combo!Overall, the restaurant is a super cute and delicious from the rush of Times Square, and I would recommend this place to anyone after a show to rewind and dine after a long day. Not sure if they take reservations, but definitely call ahead in advance if you plan to come seeing their at a prime location and it's a medium size space.
#REVIEW#Amazing food and service!! So much personality in a small location. Crunchy French toast was crunchy on the outside not hard, and soft in the center and the caramelizas bananas compliment it so well. Applewood bacon was delicious: crispy, sweet and salty. Hubby's steak and eggs was great. Steak a little more on the medium side than medium rare but he finished it quick!  No complains here!
#REVIEW#We just showed up and within 20 min were sat. The restaurant is small, but service is fast and food worth it. All our meals were delicious. Great coffee. Awesome smoothies and juices. Fresh grapefruit juice.
#REVIEW#Really enjoyed our meal at Blue Dog. The decor was chic, loved the lighting and the service was great! When my husband went to use the restroom, a staff member walked by our table and refolded  his napkin!! The Chicken Dumplings were light and delicious and we loved our burgers with Brie!  Cocktails were delish too!
#REVIEW#This place was much weirder than I thought it would be. It is incredibly small, with tables all jammed in to the place. It was seriously hard to move around the space because chairs were literally up against each other. So, it was annoying when guests and servers were trying to walk around because we were constantly adjusting our seats.The food, however, was pretty good! I had the crab cake eggs benedict which was delicious, and so was the salad it came with. I was pleasantly surprised with that.But overall, weird place, good food. Not sure if I'd be back.
#REVIEW#I really wanted to like this place, the reviews and menu looked great but unfortunately it fell short for me from a food standpoint. The service was great and the atmosphere was loud but enjoyable. I order the avocado Benedict with a side of applewood smoked bacon. The Benedict did not have enough hollandaise sauce for my preference. About 1 tablespoon per egg, it just wasn't enough. Next, the avocado was going bad. It had a lot of brown and black spots and it was mushy in those places. The poached eggs were medium to hard boiled, not soft or slightly runny like poached eggs should be. They were poached too long. Next, you could taste the vinegar they were poached In. The taste wasn't overwhelming but it was definitely noticeable and not something I have tasted with other poached eggs. The potatoes were soggy and lacked flavor. I prefer my breakfast potatoes to be crispy or crunchy on the edges and these were just mush with no flavor. Next, the bacon also fell short. It was very thin, over cooked and burnt black in places and they left all the grease on. I had to use my napkin to dab off the grease on every piece and most pieces just crumbled in my napkin because they were over cooked. All of this for $60 for two people... price just seems a little high for the disappointing food. I would gladly pay that and then some for an impressive breakfast but again, this fell short for me. I will not be back as there are many places in the city that are better.
#REVIEW#Food: 3/5Service: 4/5Ambiance: 3/5Overall: A packed joint with average food.The extended review...Food: Pumpkin Stuffed French Toast - I had another thought about what this dish was going to be.  The size of the cut was thick but it wasn't as filling for me and the taste was just ok.  Service: Friendly and attentive service.Ambiance: Very casual.  You will feel a little cramped here as well...they really pack in the tables.
#REVIEW#Atmosphere is on point, but the food wasn't all that great. I had a delicious cappuccino but if they ask you if you want sugar or anything added, I would have them at least add a little cinnamon. My friend and I had the chicken dumplings for an appetizer, hands down best part of the meal... but how do you mess those up?!?! I had a burger with the butternut squash fries ($5 up charge)- burger was good but the butternut squash fries were not all that they were cracked to be. They tasted like they fried too fast and didn't cook enough on the inside. My friend ordered the salmon and reported it was just regular salmon, nothing fancy in the flavor. If you're looking for somewhere low key to have a burger and a beer with friends or dessert and coffee this would be a great stop.
#REVIEW#Last night was my first time there. I cannot stress how amazing this place was. The atmosphere was laid back and so cool. Charlie Chaplin films showing on the wall. Excellently made drinks were flowing. I had the Kale Caesar Salad topped with Grilled Shrimp. Go there and have fun. I command you. I will be back.
#REVIEW#Legit brunch place. Pick yourself up on that lazy Sunday morning and come for this cozy brunchy restaurant. One thing is for sure, you are bound to encounter bit of a wait. You can ask for cider, coffee while you wait. I ordered myself a cappuccino while i was waiting and they didn't even charge me for it. The portion sizes of the dishes are huge and will definitely fill you up. The prices may seem high but then the quantity and quality of food you get makes up for it. I got myself the Vegetable Quesadilla which comes with sour cream and avocado. Needless to say, I couldn't finish it and took it to go. My husband got the customized omelet and he added salmon, turkey and misc other veggies. It was huge and very appetizing. Comes with a side of potatoes. The staff was very warm and friendly, service was top notch. Food came out pretty quick. I loved the vibe to the whole place. Somehow very comforting and happy. No wonder this place has such great reviews!
#REVIEW#Cute little restaurant. The menu is quite eclectic as you can see Italian, Mexican and American dishes. Creative cocktails at affordable price.This place can work well as a pre-theater destination.We tried butternut squash fries and artichoke dip was super yum! Truffle fries were also superb!
