#NAME#Soba-ya
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/soba-ya-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,noodles#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Another one of my favorite restaurants where me and hubby go without too much thought. Soba noodles are hand-made fresh everyday. They're nutritious, delicious, and healthy. The broths and side dishes are equally excellent and well executed. I personally recommend the cold soba with tempura add on. Simple, filling, but best of all it really packs a lot of punch in flavor.Great to see this place has been able to maintain its level of consistency after all these years.
#REVIEW#NEW YORK, NY 03/29/19 DINNER+The house-made soba noodles were light and refreshing.+The broth/dipping sauce was fair and wasn't overpowering, which is what I enjoy about soba noodle dishes.-The customer service and wait staff was a bit lacking.-The ordering process was a little confusing.-The seating arrangements were a bit tight, and the space/layout could use some improvement.Overall, this soba noodle house gets a 3-star rating for food and 2.5-star rating for customer service.  I am not sure that I would return, since NYC has an abundance of Japanese speciality restaurants.
#REVIEW#Great environment and small-medium place to enjoy Japanese soba noodles. Noodles -4 Staffs - 3 because of the waiter were watching us eat & judged the order of food to be too small for my friend and I to share. We both don't eat a lot. At the end, we listened and chose another choice of order. Waiting - 4. Must have all parties arrived before getting a table or to be on the waitlist. Environment - 5. Clean and neat to be comfortable.
#REVIEW#The food is just alright and the dinner prices are way too high. The wait is long and inside is unbelievably stuffy and hot. I'm still puzzled as to why people love this place. The soba noodles were basic to me and I wish there were more toppings included in the high price. The curry broth was good though. I doubt I'll come back-too expensive for mediocre food.
#REVIEW#Pretty good noodle place. Ordered the stamina which had whole pieces of garlic in it and some fried chicken. There was a decent amount of chicken, not a lot, but they didn't skimp out. It wasn't super flavorful, but it wasn't bland either. It was very tender. The garlic was actually a nice touch and tasty, but wouldn't recommend if you are going on a date. The udon was cooked to perfection. Pillowy and yummy. The broth wasn't too salty, but pretty flavorful. But there was nothing else in the dish. No vegetables, no garnish or anything else. My friend got a cold soba dish. She seemed to enjoy it a lot. At the end, they gave her hot water to drink a soup afterwards, but it was just hot water and it was kind of weird. But a nice touch? I'm not sure. Definitely doesn't make it a lose a star, just a bit weird. Service was very much on point. Water was always refilled and everyone was very friendly. Overall, the food here is slightly above average, but at the prices they are charging, I feel like there needs to be more in the dishes, whether it be garnish, vegetables, or more meat. This was something I could have easily put together in 10 minutes at home, for $3.
#REVIEW#I came here when it opens for lunch and people were already lining up. Table gets filled quick! I would highly recommend coming early for their limited lunch bento boxes that comes with soba on the side. It's so good, you can try salmon, eggplant, tempura, and I don't remember the rest but all of them were good! The only thing is I wish they give you more noodles since I came here mainly for the soba.
#REVIEW#Overall: 4; Food: 4; Atmosphere: 4; Service: 4Would definitely come back if I were craving soba or udon.Food: 4Yum yum delicious udon and soba. The hot udon/soba broth was really rich and there was a ton of toppings even in the regular size. Atmosphere: 4Cute place that has an authentic vibe. Feels intimate without feeling crowded.Service: 4The severs were really attentive and sweet!
#REVIEW#Cute intimate place with an authentic Japanese vibe. The udon and soba were very delicious, although since we were starving we thought the portion size were a little small for the price and we got the regular. Servers were nice and attentive too.  I got the Chirashi cold soba and it was very tasty.
#REVIEW#I loved the sake sashimi, it was definitely the creamiest and richest salmon I've had in such a long time. Even the wasabi was better than the standard. Quite pleased with that appetizer. Unfortunately, the waiter forgot to bring us the sesame tofu we ordered, so that was a little disappointing. Nonetheless, the cold soba was amazing. The noodles were chewy, and the tempura was crispy too. Don't get the warm soba, they were pretty bad, the noodles were way too soft and had no texture. The dessert was lovely-red bean ball and green tea ice cream. The space was really cute and the wait wasn't too bad for a Saturday night. Overall a really nice place that I would come back to.
#REVIEW#ehh this is more of a 3.5 star review actually. I do feel a little harsh to give it 3 stars, but I was just not too impressed with the meal. They have a great lunch set deal at $21 where they give you a lot of mini portioned servings of a variety of dishes along with your main course - soba noodles. I made the mistake of ordering hot soba instead of cold. For some reason, I thought the hot soba would be on a dry platter like the cold one, but just warmer, but mine was in soup. It was good, but nothing too special. I was very disappointed at the mini chirashi rice, because I thought there would be at least some sashimi slices on top but nope there was only egg and some salmon roe. The salad was refreshing and so was the pumpkin on the side. The broiled salmon is okay - I'm not a big fan of it. My boyfriend got the mini lunch set which I think personally is a better deal because he got to pick a rice bowl dish and get to have soba/udon on the side. That's what I would do next time, because they seem to have a lot of interesting rice bowl dishes there. He got the one with eel on top and it tasted great! I'm usually not a big fan of eel rice bowls, but I really liked this one. Overall, this is a great place for its value but I'd try something different from them next time.
#REVIEW#High expectations often lead to disappointing results. This was my (our) experience with Soba-ya.After searching for Asian noodle soup establishments, my friend and I were excited to try it this evening. With over 1000+ reviews and a solid 4/5 stars, I had high hopes  (turning a blind eye to the many negative reviews that popped up frequently on Yelp).Upon arrival, the restaurant's exterior looked charming as though I were in Japan. A strict "all persons in the party must be present to be seated" rule was enforced. No biggie as it is the policy of many restaurants.Once sat (and moving to another table since the entire restaurant was really cold), we settled on a Kirin light beer, very reasonable at $6.  Things went quickly downhill afterwards.There was a large variety of selections on the menu whether cold or hot noodles, rice bowls or individual entree dishes. A popular choice was the  3 course pre-fixe happy hour special. At $22, the waitress recommended it as it included appetizer, soup with tempura and dessert (only ice cream). My friend opted for this selection clearly informing the waitress of her allergies with dairy and sesame seeds. Guess what? 2/3 of her entire meal consisted of or included sesame seeds. No substitutions and an unpleasant surprise for my friend. To the waitress who served us--why couldn't you just suggest to make another selection? I chose the Chirashi hot soba noodle soup the large at $23.75. There were 3 bowl sizes: small, regular and large (my selection). Although some of the toppings (one shrimp tempura, one large mushroom, egg and a couple other unidentifed ingredients) were pretty good, the broth was extremely salty. It was comparable to a diluted bowl of pure soy sauce. I was not digging it at all but ate it anyway. I am still drinking water as I write this review.Back to my friend. As if it wasn't bad enough that she couldn't eat her entire meal due to the sesame seeds, she also had to pass on the ice cream part of the pre-fixe. When we asked the waitress about any possible dessert substitute, she said "no, I'm sorry".  Well we were sorry to have patronized the place. As a good will gesture, she could have offered my friend a cup of green tea---don't you think, Soba-ya? Not cool.Guess what? Your prices are too steep for the quality and portions of food. We ate in a cold atmosphere and I'm salted out thanks to the extremely salty broth. But it was the inflexible attitude towards my friend's meal that has allowed me to grace this establishment with 1 star.Thank goodness there are PLENTY of noodle soup places in NYC. I truly enjoyed my recent ramen noodle experience last week*Live and learn experience. Will not return.*Totto Ramen
#REVIEW#More like Soba-nah.Came here for dinner with one of my besties, and from the decor, this place looked really promising. I will admit though that I didn't do my homework in thoroughly reading reviews about the food and service. I figured the 4 star overall review must be indicative of the quality here, but that was a hard no.To start, the place was ice cold. We weren't offered any complimentary green tea or anything, so in an effort to warm up, we asked to be seated further away from the door. To be honest, this didn't really help. But soup should do the trick... right? Nope.We ordered some beers and then settled on our mains. I spied the early dinner special for $22 which came with shrimp and vegetable tempura as well as "appetizers" which aren't described on the menu, soba or udon (your choice of hot or cold), and ice cream which I willingly would forfeit in this freezing ass weather. When the waitress came to take our order, I figured it would be a time to let the waitress know I can't have sesame seeds. She nodded in agreement, made a note of it, and then I asked if I could do the $22 special. If there was anything doused in sesame seeds, surely the waitress would let me know to pick something else at this point... right? NOPE.Dish after dish came out with a hefty sprinkling of sesame seeds. When I pointed that out, she said she couldn't do anything about that. Got it. Shouldn't you have told me that when I was ordering? Are allergies not accommodated here? I spied pics of plenty of other sesame seed free options on Yelp. Why not recommend one of those to me? Why waste so much food?I can also confirm that every waiter and waitress understood my sesame seed allergy because they were discussing it behind me as if I was an alien from another planet. Not sure why because plenty of Japanese dishes can be made without seeds. It's been done for me at plenty of other restaurants before. Not sure why this place HAD to sprinkle it on everything. I get the no substitution rule but TELL PEOPLE THE INGREDIENTS IN YOUR DISHES so they know what they're ordering. Isn't that reasonable?Please don't get me (or my friend) started on the broth served with her soba and my udon. She called in watered down soy sauce... and that's exactly what it tasted like. Hot salt water. At this point, we powered through the salt bomb just to warm up because, remember, it was cold AF in there. Someone needs to help these people check their thermostat.The tempura was okay. Typical takeout Japanese quality. Not even going to waste typing energy on this.And guess what? Our bill was over $30 per person. Very gutsy of them to not even offer us a complimentary cup of tea to make up for sprinkling sesame seeds all over the place. Perhaps a sesame fairy was working the kitchen today. We couldn't run out of their fast enough. I wonder if my friend still loves me after I recommended this place. Fingers crossed.Hope they took a good look at us because they won't be seeing us again lol
#REVIEW#3.5Soba is one of my weak points when it comes to food (or anything really) and after seeing pics of their very authentic looking decor, my friend and I were sold. The outside does sort of resemble a Japanese temple with its Kanji signs and as you enter you can view part of the kitchen where someone was making soba noodles (yum). My friend and I both ordered the Lunch Box set ($21 pp) which featured hot/cold soba, salad, lightly glazed salmon piece, tempura, some rice roll looking thing, and assorted vegetables (we got lotus root). The soba was good and the dipping sauce complimented it well, but I wish they gave more, especially for the price and how it was the main part of the meal. I felt like I finished it in a few bites. The tempura was well done and quite crispy and the rest of the box was alright, not anything special. They also gave us a small dessert on the house, can't exactly remember what it was called, but it was similar to pudding with some sweet fruity syrup (It was good!). Service was friendly and attentive. I would come back, but the place is overpriced, considering its portion sizes.
#REVIEW#I was looking for a place to have a really nice lunch on my own, and this caught my eye out of all the amazing restaurants in the area. I ordered a tempura hot soba bowl and the mini unagi. I was worried it might've been too much, but i wanted to try as much as i can on my own without looking like a pig. Mind you I still looked like an animal; consuming every grain of rice and cleaning out all the little side dishes of stuff the brought. I didn't want it to end. I could've eaten more in like 2hrs. Easily.Prompt service. Helpful staff. Very relaxing experience.Oh, and the restroom..... they have Japanese toilets. 'nut said. Had to use 'em twice. A+.lmao
#REVIEW#This is a cool venue with good soba. Portions are small but this is definitely the type of dining where you're eating to taste, not eating to eat, so just be aware.
#REVIEW#My favorite things about this place is you can order a lot of the dishes in three different sizes. For me, getting lots of small dishes is a taste delight. I don't see what the big hoopla is about the Soba. I don't love it like my friend. I thought maybe it was because I was ordering the vegetarian option, but our other friend thought so too. We did dig other items though. What we loved was Ten Don, a tempura vegetable rice dish. It was light & with melt in your mouth veggies. Yes tempura is deep fried, so I mean light as in not greasy, just tangy crispy warm goodness. The place gets crowded. If  you come early (6:00-6:30) on a non-peak day, like Sunday, you'll score a spot before it fills up.
#REVIEW#When you first arrive at Soba-ya it's as if you've transported into Japan. Since the store's name literally had the word soba in it I thought it was only fitting for me to get the soba on their menu. When the dishes came, portions were a little smaller than I had expected. The food also tasted "healthy", as the soup had a distinct herbal taste. But over all food was okay, even though the dessert stole the show.
#REVIEW#Duck Soba and Tuna Maki with Bean Curd Skin!***Locals A very busy dinner location, best to come for lunch!***Travelers A very popular and Zagat Rated Soba Restaurant, be prepared to wait a long time.***My Recommendation I found the soba to not be the best in NYC, and it's a lot more expensive than typical Soba places. Come if you do want to try a Zagat rated restaurant though!IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#A solid spot for soba/udon, albeit pricey and typically has a wait.  Overall: 4/5Value: 4/5Food: 4/5Service: 4.5/5Decor: 4.5/5We had the wakame hot udon ($15), enoki mushroom cold soba ($15.25), and the squid stuffed with sticky rice ($11.50). The squid stuffed with sticky rice was delectable, super tasty with the rich dark sauce, albeit a bit difficult to eat since the sticky rice would fall out of the squid ring. The wakame hot udon was good - apparently all noodles are made in house - but somewhat ordinary, especially since it was just udon and seaweed. Similar with the enoki cold soba - tasty, but portion is somewhat on the smaller size and it gets quite expensive if you want a udon/soba with more toppings (probably more like $20-30 for elaborate toppings). I feel like it's a little plain with just the noodle. Overall it was good but quite expensive... I'm glad we didn't have to wait at 7:30 on a Saturday but others had to wait for a while by the time we left. There are many great soba/udon choices in NY so if they don't have too much of a wait, worth a visit, but I feel not a regular spot for me per say due to the lack of value per dollar/high prices.
#REVIEW#My friend and I happened to walk by this place just before 530 and there was already a line formed which peaked our interest. After looking at the menu, we decided to eat here. We got the vegetable combo and the wakame soba. The vegetable dishes were all very flavorful and had some unexpected pairings like lotus root with a pickled sauce that tasted like plums- interesting but too sweet for me. The portions were also small. The soba was light yet comforting in a delicious broth. Service was attentive and I did not feel rushed though the restaurant did quickly fill up. We also got a carafe of sake and the bill was around $60 after tax and tip for 2 people- but note that we weren't extremely hungry so likely ordered less than most. Overall I would recommend trying the soba here but I wasn't blown away.
