#NAME#Mastro's Steakhouse
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/mastros-steakhouse-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#From the moment Vicky called to confirm, to the minute she greeted us when we arrived--Mastro's lived up to the recommendation we received from the American Express Concerige.  In fact, FAR EXCEEDED!  Mark was our server/waiter and he was a PURE DELIGHT; and a master/pro.  His wine recommendation complemented our meal wonderfully well.  We took his recommendation of starting with their calamari that was served hot, crisp and just delicious.  When it came time to order dinner; after a large brunch -- we again listened and went with small plates of crab cakes and scallops!  OMG!  Pure crab meat and the sweetest and best scallops ever; complimented with their wild mushrooms.  These courses served by Bryce; masterful in his technique and a nice compliment to our charming and delightful Mark.  And what could have better but, the sweet touch of Mastro's recognizing our birthdays with their exceptional sponge cake AND chocolate cake with homemade whipped cream.  Manager Brian stopped by to check on us and wish us a Happy Birthday; such a wonderful touch.  Freshly brewed coffee ended our perfect meal before heading out for second show of the day.  Mastro's is a fine tuned and well run restaurant with team members like Mark who take exceptional pride in his work; Bryce, Vicky and Brian.  With a kitchen who turns out amazing food to have us planning our next NYC adventure with a return trip to Mastro's!  The leadership team has every good reason to be proud!  This is a class act; and a wonderful location!  Don't miss it!
#REVIEW#This is the ultimate steakhouse! Everything from start to finish exceeded our expectations. We arrived a little early and enjoyed some champagne at the bar. The bartenders were very friendly and accommodating.We asked for a table near the stage and they couldn't have placed us in a better spot. Our server was knowledgeable, kind, and efficient. The additional service by the other members of the waitstaff was impeccable.Food:* Oysters - mix of East and West Coast, served with cocktail sauce, horseradish, red & green Tobasco, and fresh lemon. They were fresh and delicious! I could come in and order just these and it would be worth the visit.* Foie Gras - lightly charred and served with a balsamic reduction and toasted bread. Hands down the best I've ever had. We left still talking about this dish.* 8 oz. Filet - tasted like candy, cooked to perfection, amazing.* Chilean Sea Bass - perfectly juicy with a tasty, crunchy top layer.* Garlic Mashed Potatoes - to die for! Order these.* Truffle Butter Mushrooms - holy sh!t, so so good. Pairs very well with the filet.* Warm Butter Cake - BEST DESSERT EVER! Order it even if you're full. It's worth it.
#REVIEW#Excellent service. Excellent steak (filet). Don't miss the cherry crisp dessert. Yelp is telling me this review is too short, but that's really all you need to know. Mastro's is on the first floor of the UBS building, W 52nd St at 6th Avenue. The front door faces the CBS building.
#REVIEW#Went here for the first time yesterday and was amazing. We got the shrimp for an appetizer and tomahawk steak for our main meal with creamed corn and garlic mashed potatoes. The tomahawk steak was cooked to perfection and is ideal for two people to share. Not only was the food great but the service was superb. Would go here again!
#REVIEW#I really love sitting at the bar here. I'm not a huge steakhouse girl but the vibe at the bar is much lighter, with various games on tv, and a hopping post-work atmosphere. The food is pretty great and you can order off the full menu at the bar without waiting for a table or being in a stuffy dining room. We had a excellently prepared filet mignon, French onion soup, caprese salad, king crab gnocchi, shoestring French fries, and butter cake for dessert! Would definitely recommend their food.
#REVIEW#Used to come here often and even attended there special tastings. But as of Tuesday evening I will never return here. Because I didn't realize asking a question when you're 6'6 and African American equates to hovering and intimidating them according to a waiter. Then they go as far to tell my female co-worker they aren't going to serve me. It's such a good thing they pulled this stunt because my charity and I were going to rent the private room downstairs. I hope they shut down. Many other great steakhouses in NYC. RACISM IS ALIVE AND WELL AT MASTROS STEAKHOUSE. IF YOU WANT A PORTERHOUSE WITH A SIDE OF JIM CROW. THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO. THE BIG BLACK BOOGEY MAN IS A REALITY IN SOME PEOPLES HEADS.
#REVIEW#Good place for lunch/dinner in Midtown Manhattan. The steak is a solid choice and the sides are pretty good. I'm not crazy about the salads or grilled salmon. I say go for the steak if you visit Mastro's and you won't be disappointed. Customer service is very good!
#REVIEW#There are restaurants that have excellent food but fail to put in place the rest of the components that make the difference between having a good meal and having a fine dining experience.   Mastro's is definitely not one of those - it is the embodiment of what fine dining is all about.Immediately upon entering, the subtle components that combine for a hedonistic mood feed the senses - from the just-right subdued lighting to the decor to the quiet buzz created by the bustle of the diners, wait staff and servers, one senses that an enjoyable experience is nigh.Paolo, our waiter, was the epitome of a concerned professional fully focused on ensuring one fully understands the menu choices and that the order is submitted as you like it.  He always somehow managed to reappear exactly at the right moments to tend to our enjoyment, making excellent suggestions to further enhance the experience.  He was ably aided by servers who somehow managed to quicky clear the table for each course while never being in the way.  I recall thinking at mid-meal "that's a lot of staff"  and that's not a bad thing - especially with 2 toddlers in the party!Needless to say the meal was perfectly prepared.  Excellently crisp chopped salads were followed by the huge 40 ounce Wagyu Tomahawk steak that was deliciously more than enough for 3 and all present shared that along with the Bone-In Kansas City Strip that was perfectly medium-rare.  Our milestone birthdays meal ended with the very unique Signature Warm Butter Cake and Fresh Seasonal Berries and cream at were shared by all...Highly Recommend - cannot wait to do it all over again!
#REVIEW#Mastro's is in my opinion the best steakhouse in NY. To start, every time I have come on a weekend there is a pianist and a singer playing my favorite songs. The food itself is unreal, the tuna tartar is always so fresh and the steak is perfectly cooked and seasoned consistently. I have come several times and have never had a bad meal (or even anything less than perfect). The service is excellent and the overall vibe is unmatched. Although its a pricey meal, it is worth every penny.
#REVIEW#Visited Mastro's while my stay in NYC. Vibe inside was upscale. Live band was singing modern songs, but not loud and overbearing. The bread basket was delicious: pretzel & French bread w/cheese crisps. So good. The lobster bisque was a generous portion with chunks of lobster inside. The sherry flavor was noted, but not overbearing. The filet mignon came out perfectly cooked. A nice char on the outside, but soft and rare on the inside. The actual flavor was delicious. Not sure what they season or finish their steak with, but it was good The crab gnocchi was delicious! I loved it. The server accommodated my daughter and brought her the truffle fries she requested despite them not being on the menu. The butter cake was DELICIOUS. The portions are generous, very generous. Overall a delicious experience!!!
#REVIEW#This place was so delicious. My favorite was the creamed corn and lobster mash. Dessert was amazing, we had the pound cake. It was huge! It came along with homemade whipped cream. However I will say that, the Ribeye could use more seasoning. Because of this, I was a bit dissatisfied. I will definitely go back, and would love to try other things on the menu. The manager Bryan, was very friendly and courteous.
#REVIEW#Celebrated a friend's 65th here.  I had been to other Mastro's in LA and Chicago, and am so glad there's one in NYC!  Great steaks and sides, one of the best Old Fashioneds of my life, incredible butter cake for dessert and excellent service with not one error for a table of 14 people.  Just go!
#REVIEW#I've eaten at a few of their locations (Costa Mesa + Beverly Hills specifically), and yes- all (3) are outstanding!Specifically for their NYC location:- Main floor has an excellent bar area/live entertainment + cool buzz- Dined on the Lower Level, and they hit all check boxes:- Atmosphere- Excellent service; not overbearing, however- there to handle all the details- Food was outstanding for all of us- Pricing in line with what you'd expect for this quality-level Would I recommend?  What do you think????  Enjoy, enjoy!
#REVIEW#Be prepared to drop some dough. There are some insanely pricey cuts of meat on this menu but an insane taste to match.- A5 Wagyu: marbled with fat, melty, oozed juice and flavor, $200 for 12 oz.- Porterhouse: tender but with lovely texture, M.P ($115).Both steaks were perfectly cooked. The porterhouse came on a sizzling plate, was shared by three with leftovers. Garlic mashed potatoes were super smooth. Sautéed spinach was just cooked enough and not over seasoned. The sides were an adequate sharing size for our group of four. Even the bread basket with its pretzel bread, toast, and rolls was a delicious variety of carb goodness. To sum it up, the food delivered.Service was excellent. Main floor was lively with bar patrons and it was a bit difficult to converse without shouting. We asked to be moved downstairs to which they obliged. Downstairs was more intimate and less of an open feel. One of my few gripes was how dark it was; my poor old eyes had trouble appreciating the decor.Unfortunately, no room for dessert but would love to try the butter cake one day!
#REVIEW#Had family dinner here for my birthday and birthday of uncle. Since I had been here before I knew the food, service and ambiance would not disappoint and I was right. We started with Caesar salad, Lobster sushi, Escargot, Calamari and a bottle of Cabernet. The entrees and sides then arrived and included 2 Porterhouse steaks, Filet Mignon, Lobster mashed potatoes, Mac n Cheese, tender broccoli and creamed spinach. The medium rare porterhouse was simply delicious and made my mouth water. Everything else was just perfect. The Lobster mashed always includes big lobster claws and will make your eyes pop open. Dessert included chocolate cake and the wondrous Warm Signature Butter Cake. Both are my favorites when I have dessert there. The live band was a nice touch and I left feeling very good about the experience.
#REVIEW#I actually had never heard of this steakhouse until a client recommended we go. I was very, very surprised at how excellent the meal was. I had the local NY Farm steak, which was great, along with mashed potatoes. The butter cake was excellent. The service time/approach was average, and we had to sit outdoors because we were not in business casual (though that was our fault for not checking)... everything else was phenomenal.
#REVIEW#I wanted to love this place, and the food was delicious! My husband and I came here in February for a late valentines celebration. I made an open-table reservation and we were promptly seated....in the back wall corner of the bar area. I wrote in my request for a table near the band...and I think we were the farthest table from it. My husbands back was up against the wine cooler wall and he was freezing the entire time. The place was swamped, so no hope for a table switch.The waitress was nice, but she was overloaded with all of the bar drink orders and patrons. This wasn't at all the atmosphere we had heard about or expected. Ordered: Caesar salad - $14.00Shrimp Cocktail 3 PC  - $23.00Half order of Asparagus - $8.00Half order of Lobster Mash - $19.0016 oz New York Strip - $61.00 Seared Scallops - $46.00 Elderflower Martini x2 - (can't recall the price, but high $20's per pop) The appetizers were good. I hated that the shrimp cocktail was 3pc, the waitress asked if we wanted to add a fourth for $8 and of course we did, but I think it's unnecessary. Bump the price and make it four or don't offer the addition. The caesar was crisp and light. I love that the waitress offered half portions of the side dishes. We were ready to shell out $38 for the lobster mash, but luckily she gave the half option because ultimately we couldn't even finish that. My entree was delicious, I wasn't aware that the scallops were topped with caviar, but it truly was an amazing combination. My husbands steak was waaaay undercooked. He ordered a medium well, closer to well and half of the steak was bleeding heavily on his plate. After our entrees were served the waitress wasn't anywhere near, so he buckled through and ate half. We were expecting much more and the scallops and lobster mash were the saviors of the evening. I would love to give Mastro's another try, just not sure if the price would justify another miss.
#REVIEW#My favorite steakhouse. The bread basket has a great assortment. The bone in ribeye is my favorite. I also do enjoy the porterhouse. The crab gnocchi and Mac and cheese are also great sides. Whenever I'm in a city with Mastro's, I make it a point to eat there. Service is always great and I love the attendant in the woman's bathroom. She's always pleasant.
#REVIEW#This is a great steakhouse for a romantic night out or a nice lunch with a client; my preference is the night scene. The live music played at night is a nice touch,  you really don't find at any steakhouse in area .Decor:  The space is very modern, well maintained, clean and intimately dimly lit.Service: Perfect steakhouse service from both the waiter and bus boys.Food: This menu is what I think makes this steakhouse different. They really put a modern flair to a typical steakhouse menu , which is something you should indulge in while here .Having said that, since I was sleepy I decided to start the lunch with prosecco wine instead my typical choice of red wine.For starters, I had a lobster lobster bisque because its my favorite lobster bisque that I ever had; well seasoned and Colossal Crab Cocktail is very good as well. I followed that by ordering my first  bone-in filet with a herb and better sauce and it was amazing; for me better that a filet and a lot more tender with a side of the crab meat gnocchi, lobster mash potato and cream of spinach. Not only were the sides very good but the  portions were generous.Dessert: Butter Cake which is a huge portion and good but I wouldn't try it again.
#REVIEW#Overall this was amazing food... Very loud.The paying device at the table at the end was undesirable... ruined it...I heard they have pay at the table at the Olive Garden.  My bill for 2 people was $300 and you can't take the card and run it?
