#NAME#Malatesta Trattoria
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/malatesta-trattoria-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I can't stop thinking about this place.From the food to the well-orchestrated chaos that is the service in this intimate restaurant; it was all perfection. You will wait. There's no doubt about it. If you're going for dinner, regardless of the day, you'll most likely wait. But watching the staff gracefully handle the dozens of patrons every second was incredible. I felt like it was having dinner at a relative's house. The hustle and bustle but there was always this sense of familiarity and warmth; I can't put my finger on it but its comforting. Now onto the important bits; the food! Handwritten menus, nice touch. Specials everyday, cool. Cheap vino, nice. I got the squid ink pasta with shrimp and the boyfriend got the gnocchi in a spinach & gorgonzola sauce. Literally everyone in the restaurant ordered the same dishes, it sounded incredible and tasted even better. The pasta was so delicate and showed off how rich the sauces were. The tomatoes in my squid ink pasta were so naturally sweet & soft. & I could literally bathe in that amazing gorgonzola sauce. I'm pretty sure every dish on that menu is equally as unique and delicious. For three days I kept raving about the food to everyone. Hands down totally worth the wait. I can't speak for its authenticity since I've never been to Italy but I 100% want go now if thats how the food is like.Only downside: cash only!!
#REVIEW#Tourist TrapThe service was rushed. The food was bad. Do not order the steak tagliata. It's road kill grade beef served with arugula from trader joes drenched in sweet thick balsamic syrup. And it's very over priced. I wish I can take my meal back.
#REVIEW#Came here last night for dinner with my boyfriend. We were seated next to the doorway which felt cramped since people kept walking in and out of the restaurant. There really shouldn't be a seat in that area. For food, we ordered the buratta, calamari, and Ragu pasta. The Buratta comes with prosciutto and arugula. The grilled calamari was on a bed of greens pretty tasty! The ragu pasta was not very special unfortunately. You have to eat it right away or it will get clumpy when it get even a little cold. The service was okay and it also didn't help that I left my sunglasses on the table and when I went back it was gone. The guy who was the host I believe was nice tho and let me take a look at the seating area but overall it was an okay experience. With the food and and two glass of house wine the total was about $63 so affordable for NYC! Also cash only but there is an atm inside!
#REVIEW#Please stay away from this place. I love it here so much, I would come back here just to try all their homemade pasta by myself. The service was amazing and the people who work here make the dining experience feel like I'm in a casual, romantic setting. On a Saturday at 6:30pm, I was seated right away. My boyfriend and I ordered a Cabernet. We dug right into our main entrees, which were Spinach Gnocchi and I believe the Tagliatelle Al Ragu (Correct me if I'm wrong). Do they make their own pasta? I wanted to ask, but I was too drunk on wine that I forgot to. The food was so delicious. The Gnocchi was chewy and sauce was perfection. By the time we got up, the entire room was packed and people were waiting outside for a table. Cash only! I'll be back.... for more.
#REVIEW#3.5 stars. Casual trattoria with reasonable prices ($14 homemade pasta, $20 carafe of house wine). I've been twice, ordering the spinach gnocchi both times--once with the Gorgonzola sauce it comes with and once substituting in a spicy red arrabbiata sauce. The gnocchi is great and I personally prefer the arrabbiata sauce (not a big fan of Gorgonzola cheese, wish pesto was an option). The complimentary bread with olive oil and vinegar was average--the bread tastes a bit dry/not fresh and isn't served warm. For dessert, I tried the creme brulee, a solid pick served warm. My friends I've dined with have also ordered the caprese salad and spaghetti alla chittara, and enjoyed their dishes.FYI: It is cash only and no reservations. When I came on a Sunday for brunch, the restaurant was mostly empty. When I came around 10pm on a Saturday night, the place was packed but there was no wait for 2 (luckily got maybe the only open table?).
#REVIEW#Spinach gnocchi was ON POINT! Loved the ambience, loved the customer service and although it was tight quarters we didn't really notice as the food was so good! They only take cash but they do have an ATM inside the restaurant. The employees seem to really like working there and they worked together to ensure all tables were taken care of to success. Will definitely go back!
#REVIEW#A friend recommended we check this place out and I'm so glad they did! Charming, small and cute little trattoria. They close for a couple hours after lunchtime and we heard that this place gets very crowded so we got there before they opened back up again for dinner and patiently waited. In a way, I'm glad we got there early because a few minutes after we sat down, the restaurant was already packed. I ordered the tagliatelle al ragu. Good portion (not too big, not too small) and the meat was seasoned and flavorful, went well with the gravy. My fave. The pasta tasted homemade and fresh. My boyfriend ordered the spaghetti. I wanted to avoid ordering something so basic and easy to get from home, but I was kicking myself for not getting spaghetti. It was fantastic! Truly authentic and reminded me of my grandpa's pasta. Best spaghetti I've had aside from family's. Cash only here and since it gets crowded so quickly, they'll try to rush you through. But I would absolutely return. Fresh, amazing quality Italian food, reasonable prices, and great environment. Perfect place for date night.
#REVIEW#Second time here and both times were average at most. High traffic place so staffs are very rushy and try to get people in and out fast. The bill will be on your table before you ask. I ordered the crabmeat fettuccine - parts of the pasta was cold, and the crabmeat is nothing more than some minced frozen or canned crab. You won't even know it's there because it doesn't taste like crab. The calamari app was good though, grilled 2 whole calamari, not the fried kind. I was surprise by the amount of reviews and high rating, but after 2 visits I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. Also this is CASH ONLY but there is an ATM on site.
#REVIEW#Omg omg omg I love this restaurant so much!!! It is delicious, and prices are very reasonable for West Village. Delicious squid ink asparagus shrimp pasta, calamari, spinach salad, and tagliatelle. Such rich flavors and just so good. Highly recommend. The the tiramisu is also delicious, and to make it all even better, their house chianti carafe is $21 and good quality!!!
#REVIEW#Being hungry while in the neighborhood brought us to Malatesta Trattoria. The atmosphere is cozy, albeit a bit dim for my preference. The service was good and so was the food.Menu was a bit hard for me to read given the special font and dim lights, but I managed with the good Yelp reviews it had. I had calamari as the appetizer with al ragu as the main course, both came as expected. Calamari was grilled instead of fried which was a pleasant surprise to me.The price of Malatesta Trattoria is a reason I would come back. I find it to be reasonable especially in West Village. This is a place I'd visit again if in the area with friends.
#REVIEW#Cute little trattoria. The menu is small but the food is done very well. Btw, this place only accepts cash. I didn't noticed on Yelp but we saw on the menu. They have an atm machine there also in case people didn't bring cash. For starters, we ordered grilled calamari & mussels. Grilled calamari tentacles were too charred and bit bland. The mussels were cooked perfectly and flavors was delicious. For entrees, we ordered spaghetti and veal meatballs. Spaghetti was cooked al dente and so so good. The mozzarella and tomatoes were fresh and it was seasoned well. Veal meatball was tender and nice to the palette. For desserts, we ordered panna cotta & coconut pudding. Panna cotta was so milky good. Coconut pudding had coconut flakes and a creamy texture.Everything was simply delicious.
#REVIEW#Good option if you want cheap and basic Italian food. The place is cute and well decorated, and they have a good service! They only accept cash which is sometimes annoying. I loved the gnocchiI had last time :)
#REVIEW#We came on a Tuesday night and it was fairly empty at 630.Started with some complementary bread with olive oil and vinegar. Calamari - not too chewy and easy to eat. One of the better ones I had.Spinach gorgonzola - green from spinach. Extremely soft. Best seller. Gorgonzola cheese flavor not too intense. I'm not a huge gorgonzola fan, but the flavor was masked pretty well into the white sauce. Ragu - ground beef and tomato sauce were well balanced and flavored. Not salty. Tagliatelle tasted el dente and homemade.Tiramisu - extremely soft and fluffy. Not  sweet. Really easy to finish. I really like tiramisu and I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious it was. Strongly recommend this if you still have space for a dessert. Service is quick and efficient. I really enjoyed the open air seating for the fresh air although it was a bit breezy that night.
#REVIEW#There's good things here, but the service was just abysmal, so you can find better places to go. It started raining and - despite having just started eating - they moved literally every other table inside first, despite me asking repeatedly. In fact, a new group sat down at one table that had already been reseated inside, and they also moved them inside also , even though it was now raining heavily and my meal was less than half-way done. It was just remarkably bad service. I understand that those folks were yet to order, and so there was more money on the table, but it would have been nice to get an existing guest - in the middle of dinner - out of the rain so that I could enjoy the meal.
#REVIEW#Stumbled upon this restaurant on our way back from Amazon's Treasure Truck Pup Fest at Hudson Pier 45. The food was good, service was great, very accommodating with our two dogs. Thumbs up on my end.
#REVIEW#My wife and I love this place. We really do. Everything from the ambiance to the decor to the service.  There is always a wait here but it usually moves quick because they get people in and out. That being said we didnt have a great time this go around. The food was subpar. We may have picked the wrong dishes but it wasnt a good culinary experience. My wife ordered the sole which tasted burnt. I had the tagliatelle with ragu that was bland and needed a serious dose of salt. I was really Surprised by blandness of the tomato sauce.  I think when you come you need to stick to a couple go-to meals. The spinach gnocchi is ridiculous so I will order that next time. The service is quick and the wine was good so no complaints there.  We still love the place but we hope the standards havent dropped. We will be back to try again.
#REVIEW#Not the world's biggest fan.Had a food hangover the next day, and an upset stomach.It's a cute Italian bistro, and I love the ambiance.  Unfortunately, there is no bar, so I can't excuse the poor food quality and say the wine list was so inventive I'd come back for it.Bottle of Falanghina was off.  I was excited to see this variety on the list and was hoping for fruity & refreshing.  Tasted like it was improperly aged/stored.  Disappointing!Food wasn't worth coming back for.  Pastas were over cooked and under cooked, which was kind of odd.  I have had lots of perfectly al dente pasta and this was just nope.  Tagliatelle was undercooked and the sauce was bland. Squid ink spaghetti was hard and gummy.  Calamari was not cooked properly either, and the chunks of tomato and olives were odd.  It was missing a cohesive sauce.  Burrata was hard and with three tiny strips of prosciutto and a sprinkle of arugula, forgettable.Tiramisu on the other hand, was divine.  Odd the best item was a dessert but it was.  Fluffy, flavorful and complete with a light chocolate sauce covering the top.  I'd consider picking it up if I lived nearby and taking it home.Maybe I set the bar high because I know if a chef trains his cooks properly food comes out inspired and incredible.  It seems like everyone is going through the motions here, living off the reputation.  Much better places if you are willing to put out a few more dollars.
#REVIEW#Not the hugest fan of Italian, but this place was really nice. I got the classic pasta with marinara + mozzarella + basil and it was good, but not as good as the gnocchi with Gorgonzola. You will have FOMO like me if you don't go with the gnocchi. Also tried the burrata cheese, which was soooo fresh and essentially a big ball of creamy moz. If you're into Italian, I think you'll appreciate this spot. We sat outside and the servers/service was great. Got there right at 6 with no wait, but an hour into it, there was a lot of people standing and waiting for a Wine is cheap. No complaints.
#REVIEW#My absolute favorite Italian restaurant in the area. It's unpretentious, has great food, wine and a warm staff! While they dont take reservations, except for large groups, it's worth the wait for a table.
#REVIEW#Great Italian place in WV! Went here for dinner and was pleasantly surprised! The Cabernet Sauvignon was amazing so we got a bottle. We started with the appetizer burrata and bruschetta and both were great choices!! My absolute favorite though was the cheesy ravioli - small but to die for!!!!! The spaghetti is made with fresh tomatoes and was delish as well. The tiramisu was great to finish the night off.
