#NAME#Vanessa's Dumpling House
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/vanessas-dumpling-house-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#This is a great place for a quick snack or maybe even a full meal. The dumplings are light and flavorful, with enough choices on the menu to keep almost anyone happy. And at a low price point they won't burn a hole in your pocket either!The decor is very basic and they only take cash. You order at the counter, pay up and wait till they call out your number. We got the hot and spicy wontons and they were delicious! The only downside is it took too long to come out - for a place that is so no-frills I would have expected to be happily devouring my dumplings earlier than the 15 minutes or so that it took. The crowd here is a mix of locals and out-of-towners enjoying some tasty inexpensive fare. There are probably many more inexpensive spots like this, but for a start you can't go wrong with this joint.
#REVIEW#Ordered Chicken + spicy veg dumplings + chicken pancake + noodles sesame mash.Chicken dumplings were good, tasted juicy and aromatic while veggie dumplings with spicy sauce (that's an add on the veggie dumplings ) tasted awesome because of the spicy sauce.Chicken pancakes were the best.Do not try noodles sesame mash if you have spicy taste buds and if you love tangy spicy food.
#REVIEW#Cozy (and somewhat crowded at times) place in the lower east side to enjoy delicious dumplings! My friend wanted to eat here for his birthday - we were a group of about 10 - since the food is delicious and VERY reasonably priced. Example: bottle of water is $1. There are a handful of tables that seat about 6 people each, and these seats will get filled on a Friday or Saturday night. There is a decent selection of dumplings, sesame pancakes and other items to choose from. I tried the edamame and chicken dumplings - yum! The dumplings were served nice and hot and were some of the best I've ever had. The edamame was spot on as well. The main issue I had was the lengthy wait after placing my order. I understand they have many customers to serve and the people behind the counter are trying to get everyone served, but it would be great if they could expedite the entire process. Other than that, it's a great restaurant to venture to if you're exploring the lower east side - you don't want to do it on an empty stomach!
#REVIEW#Maybe it's because I just came back from China, but wow, I was so unimpressed and disappointed by Vanessa's. First of all, the place is so cramped and dirty. If you're with others, it's going to be so frustrating to find a place to sit. And don't even get me started on the most disgusting bathroom I have yet to encounter. My shoes were too good for that bathroom.Second of all, the food was awful. The beef pancake was so plasticky. The edamame was unnecessarily drenched in salt. The dumplings were doable, I guess, but nothing worthy enough to be their namesake. The mango shake was pure sugar and tasted fake. It was left unfinished. Last, it took over thirty minutes to get our very basic order of food. To stand there and wait the the whole time for some simple dumplings and edamame is ridiculous and a waste of time. If you're in Chinatown, you're surrounded with so many better options within the same price range. Don't go here just because of the name.
#REVIEW#They're known for their dumplings and it sure is pretty good. They have a decent variety of dumpling flavors at affordable prices and make a filling meal. I typically go for the pan fried dumplings, which isn't so oily like most places and have a great crispy bottom. They're also known for their scallion pancakes which cost a bit more depending on the filling you choose but is also unique. The cold cucumbers is one of the best refreshing sides to get too. The food comes out quick and it's just a great spot for a quick meal.
#REVIEW#Maybe it was me but I was waiting for a bit before I was asked to order. The staff seemed busy conversations with each other. I will say however, the dumplings were absolutely amazing. I got an order of steamed dumplings as well as fried dumplings and was absolutely amazed at the authenticity in the taste of them.
#REVIEW#Excellent!!  Constant flow of locals of all ethnicities. Steamed dumplings are all good but the shrimp in spicy sauce is the best. I'd bet all the spicy sauce dumplings are delicious. Fried dumplings missed the mark. Too doughy and only barely fried on the bottom. Filing of basil chicken was just ok. Not to miss is the sesame pancake sandwich with Peking duck. Awesome!!
#REVIEW#I'm seeing a lot of negative reviews for this place and quite frankly, I don't get it. Vanessa's is one of the rare places in NYC that's garnered a lot of hype without sacrificing price or quality. I mean, 4 dumplings for $2? You can't beat that - especially considering they're pretty filling. It could be a decent small meal.You order at one end of the counter and are given a slip with an order number. You then wait at the other end for your order to be called. It can take some time to get your food when this place gets busy, but the system is simple. They do take card with a minimum (I think $10). There is some seating on the inside and sauces on the house. If you take your food to go, they give you plastic clamshells so it's easy to transport. They have a lot of other food on the menu too, but I think the dumplings are the way to go. The pork buns (3 for $2) aren't phenomenal; I found them to be a little doughy and too salty, but they're still okay. Knocking a star because of the pork buns, occasional waits, and the fact that if you go late-ish at night they're usually out of a lot of things. All in all though, I love Vanessa's. A must-visit in NYC.
#REVIEW#Food: 5/5My friends call me "dumpling" for a reason. For the past few years, I've been eating a lot of dumplings. Vanessa's Dumpling is the Mecca of dumplings but specifically this location takes the cake. Eldridge is the original location. I remember this spot when it was half the size.Their pork and chive fried dumplings are a mouth watering experience. Four dumplings for $2 makes it the perfect snack. It's perfectly crispy on the bottom and the skin is the perfect texture/thickness. It used to be $1.25 for four dumplings baaack in the days. You can even buy a huge bag of frozen dumplings and bring it home. Their boiled dumplings are delicious too but.. I always prefer fried. Fried food is always better. Vanessa's Dumpling on Eldridge is definitely worth a try if you're in the area!Service: 1/5This place gets packed and the staff members get pretty busy. It's self serve in here. I always say please and thank you but the staff members don't reciprocate. Zero smiles. Not very friendly.Ambiance: 3/5This place was half the size and gross but upon expansion, the place got cleaner and more presentable. Great fast casual place for dumplings!Overall: 5/5Despite the bad service, I still crave for their dumplings and always look forward to eating here. I like dumplings :)
#REVIEW#If you write a whole essay about how sexy you are, it's a Vain-essay.But this is not that. Although I've written some of those.One of many amazing dumpling houses in Chinatown, as I can now count 5 which I really like, and will get around to reviewing all of them eventually - but I'll be coming back here regularly and Honda was absolutely right with his amazing review.
#REVIEW#Tried their dumplings during an event.We got chicken&basil, vegetables and pork&leek fried dumpling. The meaty ones got good flavors, but a thinner skin would be helpful.For the steamed one, we got pork&cabbage and the shrimp. The shrimp one wasn't those type of fresh seafood, but was okay. Same problem though: the skin was too thick.Overall mediocre dumplings. Good for the price maybe.
#REVIEW#One of my fave dumpling places in the city. I usually get fried pork and chive since they're the cheapest and fastest and always tasty. Sometimes I take home a bag of frozen ones. Excellent deal for the price and filling. I also love the scallion pancake sandwich with duck. It is busy no matter when you go and often hard to find seating since it's not a large place.
#REVIEW#There was so much excitement coming to try Vanessa's only to be let down. I love dumplings with a passion, and Vanessa's was like that physically attractive girl, but you find out not so in the inside. My older brother took charge in ordering, and we got pork and chives dumpling along with a noodle dish. The dumplings were so bland even with the sauce. The noodles were also so plain that we forced fed ourselves to not waste food. I'm not sure if I would give this place a shot again as it seems like a tourist trap. I might only come here to try to Spicy Wontons as I heard that was the only thing you should get here. I don't know Vanessa, I have to swipe left for now.
#REVIEW#In the heart of Chinatown, there are a lot of places that serve dumplings and I would not recommend Vanessa's as the go-to. The chicken dumplings were a disgrace to Chinese culture (jk, but not jk) and the skin on the fried chive dumplings was way too oily and thick. The bathroom here is a little scary too. The place next door has some great dumplings that you can't go wrong with! I think this place probably used to be much better than it is now- hence the reviews.
#REVIEW#This place has rave reviews so I was expecting amazing dumplings. I came here with boyfriend and a couple of friends, one of whom really recommending this place.We sauntered over to the place and after perusing the menu, I selected the pork and cabbage fried dumplings and the scallion duck pancake. Ordering is somewhat difficult with a flurry of faces, some belong to staff aggressively asking for the order and some belong to other patrons who are also trying to order foods. After we had ordered, we didn't really know where to go so we stood around for about 20 minutes before our dumpling order number was called.The wait was excruciatingly slow with so many people milling in and out and a worker yelling and walking around with a bucket of questionable liquid? It was unclear. When our number was finally called, we picked it up and high tailed out of there. There wasn't much, if any sitting space, and it all seemed very dirty/grimy/not cleaned very well. This is definitely a take out place. As we were leaving, we noticed a man who looked very ill sitting outside the restaurant. We offered him water but he moaned and refused any sort of help. That also was not a great look for the restaurant as he was sitting there for the entire 45 minutes we were there. I really hope he was able to get the help he needed.We walked over to the neighboring park and sat there to eat our dumplings. My dumplings were okay. They were a bit bland and had a spice that I couldn't identify or really like. I'd say the dumplings were about 4/10, not the best I've ever eaten, but also not the absolute worst. I wouldn't go back for their dumplings. I would maybe go back for their duck scallion pancake which was probably the saving grace of the restaurant. It could have used more duck in it, and less oil on the outside, but the scallion pancake was solid and the flavors weren't bland.I don't think I'll be back, especially when there are so many other great and just as affordable dumpling places dispersed throughout Chinatown.
#REVIEW#Overhyped and here's why. = SLOW AF =Unsure if this is even an authentic Chinese restaurant because honestly, the workers moved like the line wasn't out the door onto the street. Also, they completely missed our order, so when they went to prepare it, we watched them cook and bag soooo slowly. What kind of Chinese restaurant is this if everyone isn't hustling in the back or not wasting breaths of air by filling the order of the next paying customer?!? = SOGGY =Sorry, the "pan fried" buns were SO soggy. I got maybe a crunch or two. So not only is the service slow, but their slowness impacts the freshness of the food because it's just sitting out.= TASTE =Yes, I can see why tourists think this place is "good" but I was unimpressed with how the sogginess had such a negative impact on the flavor. The duck pancake was uncomfortably chewy like untoasted French bread crust. The best flavor was the chicken basil! But everything else was just alright.= VALUE =5/5, I love a cheap bite. Overall, pass bc overrated, I've had better and wouldn't come back.
#REVIEW#**Although called a dumpling house, this is not a place for dumplings. I don't think there is anything particularly special about the dumplings, besides the different types of skin they use. And even that, doesn't make it especially noteworthy. So why would I give this place five stars? If you completely forget about the dumplings, I would say their specialty is the sesame pancakes. I've been coming here for a little over 10 years and can vouch for the yummy sesame pancakes. It's crispy on the outside with sesame seeds all over, and soft on the inside. Shaped like pizza slices, the sesame pancakes can be split in half transversely and can be filled with a variety of things, but ones that I particularly like are beef, pickled carrots, and cilantro OR tuna. Although the original with no filling can also taste good, I would still recommend you to fill it. It's affordable, satiating, and delicious. It's often very crowded in here, so if you're with a bigger group looking to sit down, good luck. No waiters or anything so you basically have to hope that the seats that are empty are adjacent to each other, or find lucky fellas that would trade seats. Too long; didn't read: FORGET the dumplings, GET the sesame pancakes.
#REVIEW#Vanessa's felt like an absolute gem when I first found it and though the allure has waned over the years, it still is a pretty good spot for a quick and cheap meal. The prices for your basic fried pork dumpling order has effectively doubled with time, but cmon we live in New York. $2 for four dumplings is a steal wherever you go. Outside of the tasty dumplings, they also have good sesame pancakes. You can get them with a variety of fillings and eat them like a sandwich, but I prefer them plain on the side and soaked with soy and sriracha. This place is often crowded, has a $15 card min, and ain't winning any awards for friendly service. But they have cheap, delicious dumplings and that's what you come for. I prefer this location to the one near union, which is a bit friendlier, a bit pricier, and just seems to be lacking a little something compared to the original.
#REVIEW#Locals and tourists flock to Vanessa's for the extremely cheap and mouth watering dumplings!I found Vanessa's on Yelp on Thanksgiving Day (one of the few places open). Boy, did they come through! This is a must try! The dumplings are so fresh. The outer wrapper is savory and soft and inner meat is served hot and juicy. There will be a long wait and potentially no table to sit at, but if so grab your food to go. This is your next go-to drunk/hangover/comfort food spot.If you haven't tried Vanessa's, you're missing out.
#REVIEW#I'm really unsure of how rare this place. It's pretty much a hole in the wall with some seating (didn't expect different). My bf made it into the city one night and I really wanted to keep it low key and cheap so we came here. We placed our somewhat large order, I guess. We waited over 30mins for our food!!! So glad we came in on a slow moment and snagged two seats by the door, and under and AC vent, it was freezing. They literally served everyone who came after us first and then decided to give us our meal. I ordered the shrimp dumplings in a soup, should have stopped there since this portion is quite big, 8 dumplings and some bokchoy in mediocre broth. Not bad, surely filling, a bit under seasoned. Ordered a side of Soy marinated Bokchoy, also quite filling and pretty fresh. Also ordered the fried chicken dumplings in Spicy sauce, the entire time I was eating them, I couldn't tell which kind of protein it was, ehhh. My bf also had the fried chicken dumplings. He also ordered the pork buns and an order of some sort of pork dumplings. The food tasted pretty decent going down. The next day however, I had a stomach ache, but just for a day. My BF, who had the pork, ended up with a stomach infection. Not sure if the two are related but I won't be going back to risk it.
