#NAME#Seasoned Vegan
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/seasoned-vegan-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegan,soulfood,kosher#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#First I'd like to say that I've only been here once about a year ago so take this review with a grain of salt.Now...this is definitely on my top 5 vegan spots ever, maybe even number 1. And I've been to many vegan spots all over the world so that's saying something. It was an unforgettably delicious meal...but I unfortunately don't remember what I got! Sorry! Looking at the menu now to jog my memory, I think I got the pizza quesadilla as an appetizer. Not sure of my entree. The cupcake was great but the frosting was falling off. Not a big deal. The place was pretty packed so the service wasn't the best.I only wish I lived closer. My mom and I drove all the way up from my Jersey City apartment to Harlem for an animal rights conference and then hit Seasoned Vegan afterwards. Great decision. I would recommend it!
#REVIEW#We have been trying to sample this new hot new vegan restaurant in Harlem for months. It's Sunday evening, we drove down to Harlem. We put our name in the waitlist on Yelp. Upon arrival to the restaurant, the hostess informed us taut haha should not have been an option on Yelp.  She proceeds to let us know if will be about 5-10 minutes, we waited about 20 minutes.I won't get too long winded‍The hostess was not engaging and professional. I share my experience in detail because how do we improve if we don't review and assess. It's still a fairly new  and very popular restaurant.  The space was tight and dingy.  We were sat at a very tiny four top.  Some minutes later, they separated the tables by about two inches and put another couple so close to us that we could hear and engage in a conversation as one group (lol).The restaurant was out of a few ofthe popular items which always seems a bit ridiculous since they were only open about an hour before we arrived.  We ordered the stuffed avocado, crawfish and riblets with spinach and sweet potato.While I thought the food had good flavor.  I was disappointed because it lacked presentation. The stuffed avocado was tasty.  My problem is that for a healthy establishment, it did not epitomize heathy in any way. We were just really disappointed overall because its ambience, cleanliness, staff, professionals did not meet the standards.We will not patronize this establishment again.
#REVIEW#Middle of the day Saturday, just missed brunch (ends at 4pm), we were a bit let down but the food was great. They were out of lemonade and a few other juices. We ordered the Sangria which was a SV recipe, it was a tad sweet but it was just okay. I ordered the 'shrimp' po boy with Mac & 'cheese'. The po boy was UNMATCHED!!! Bread was fresh and lightly toasted, protein was seasoned well, but the remoulade sauce made it beyond amazing. Mac & 'cheese' was good but had some sweet type end bite, not a complaint, just unexpected. My friend ordered the 'Crawfish' entree with the Mac and the spinach. The Spinach.... GEEZUS CRISE! It was so good and fresh. I was so envious that I didn't get it for myself. Overall, I'd come back and refer people to it. I'm a carnivore, but definitely a fan of this place. SAVE SOME LEMONADE FOR ME!!!!
#REVIEW#Came here for the first time last week and was pleasantly surprised!! As a non vegan, I find vegan substitutes/mock meat difficult to enjoy. However the chicken nuggets were delicious especially with the tangy sauce. The riblets had great flavor and the mac and cheese was delicious! (Vegan cheese is usually really hit or miss)- but I enjoyed this dish. The shrimp po boy lacked some flavor and I probably wouldn't order that again.Would also skip the soft drinks as they are expensive and taste like they are flat. The wait here can be excessive- recommend checking in prior to arrival on yelp! There were a number of empty tables but for some reason still a huge wait which was frustrating many customers.
#REVIEW#I called them in the afternoon on the day of my visit, and they said they open until 9 pm. But they will stop seating people from 8:30 pm. I arrived at 8:38 pm and almost couldn't eat here. They ended up seat us at the bar table. The neighborhood feels sketchy around this hour of the night. I didn't feel safe as I walk to/from the restaurant to the subway station. The food was great. We enjoyed pizza quesadilla, the mixed veggie wrap. Both are full of flavor and satisfying. The mac&cheese is alright. The crawfish is OK, a bit saltier than I'd like it, and the salt also covers other flavors.
#REVIEW#This is the only place in the city that has heat! I can't remember the last time I was NOT cold while eating out, so I love them solely for this. But if you care about the food...everything was delicious. One of the better menu choices I tried was the chicken nuggets. I definitely recommend the barbecue sauce over their "tangy sauce." Their barbecue sauce is mostly ketchup based and is not at all spicy but more sweet. I also really liked their mac and cheese. It is surprisingly sweet and is creamier than other versions I've had. It didn't satisfy any cravings for the real thing but it was great in it itself. The fish steak is just fishy enough with seaweed wrapped around the edge to look like skin. While I enjoyed the flavor, I was angry at how much raw garlic and onion was in the topping without any mention of it on the menu. Besides the mac and cheese, my other side was their sweet potato soufflé. While it was delicious, it tasted like dessert. The texture is one note and their is so much yummy cinnamon and sugar that you'll barely want dessert after your entree. I wish I could give this place five stars but there were too many little upsets that made me subtract one. In addition to the garlicy fish surprise, we were also shocked with a larger bill. They charged us without telling us for swapping out a different sauce on an entree and for asking to try both sauces with the chicken nuggets. I also ordered the baked cheesecake for dessert but they gave me the raw one instead.
#REVIEW#Service: FairQuantity: GoodCleanliness: SubparFood: crawfish and garlic basil, Burrito (add avocado and chicken nuggets Went with my vegan friend this weekend since he told me great reviews on the chicken nuggets. I told myself why not to try something healthier this weekend.Crawfish and garlic basil: cheese grits and stirred fried veggies were good but the crawfish tasted a bit bland.Burrito with added avocado was good, however, I would prefer chipotle instead.Chicken nuggets: smelled good, but it's highly processed. I can tell from the taste it contains high sodium and MSG alike seasonings. Friendly service, but suggested a better cleaning on the floor and tables. I'm not a vegan, but I am very aware of some highly processed meat alternatives are very unhealthy. I would stick with raw food and fresh salad if I visit this restaurant.
#REVIEW#Seasoned Vegan is a very famous spot in the vegan scene of New York City. Their location in Harlem, their story was widely spread on social media, and they attract many people - vegans and non-vegans. Today we were in the area and it was perfect opportunity to try it out! We arrived at brunch time on Saturday, and the place was full. After a short 10 minutes wait, we were seated.The place has a simple design, maybe too simple (and even unkempt). Our server was super kind but it took the food too long to come out. Now enough with the critics, it's time to talk about the food - YUM YUM YUM!Very interesting options on the menu, some that I've never seen in vegan places, and all tasted really good! We started with the quesadilla pizza with mushrooms (it's wasn't good looking for a pic, sorry), and for entrees we had the tuna melt sandwich and the chicken drumsticks on pancakes. Perfect brunch, we really enjoyed it!! And we were so full, we weren't able to have a dessert unfortunately...
#REVIEW#This place was packed on a Sunday afternoon. We were supposed to get a text when our table was ready but for some reason, 30 minutes later my party and another party never received anything. The host said he sent it...Besides that snafu, my experience at the Seasoned Vegan was lovely. Our waiter was Brad and he made great recommendations. The music was on point and the atmosphere was pretty chill.For appetizers, we ordered the Chickn nuggets which were absolutely AMAZING. Even the ketchup was delicious. I ordered the the bbq 'crawfish' with mac and and cheese and brocolli. I really wanted collard greens but this has been discontinued. The brocolli was extremely disappointing as it had an overwhelming bell pepper taste to it. I was not a fan of this at all.  The mac and cheese was just okay. My favorite part of this dish was the 'crawfish.' It was SO GOOD. It was seasoned well and cooked to perfection. My friend a crawfish poboy which was enjoyable as well.Great vibes, good service, cool music and decent food...I can't wait to go back and try other goodies.
#REVIEW#"You either eat here once and think this place is a hero or you brunch hard enough to see this place turn into a villain." -- The Dark Knight.I regret to say that Seasoned Vegan became a huge villain the way Harvey Dent turned into Two-face!!! I love brunch y'all, and I love delicious vegan food but man, the service I experienced was terrible.It was a busy day at brunch, and I get that! But that doesn't explain why I got a mimosa that was opaque; this wasn't a mimosa, this was spicy Sunny D! When I asked for more champagne/a more translucent mimosa, I was basically told nah.I ordered the soy chicken and sweet potato pancakes and the shrimp po'boy. The food was bussin'! They really know what they were doing with the food.But the service was abysmal. I get that y'all are busy, but there's no damn excuse why my server was kee-keeing it up with her other co-workers, even having a ten-minute dance battle with folks at the bar. I'm trying to close my check and leave. Y'all just didn't care and pay any attention to me and it made me feel really marginalized. I love supporting Black-owned businesses, but this ain't it fam. Fix your mimosa cause Zora Neale Hurston said "if you're silent about your pain, they'll kill you and say your mimosa got you drunk." And don't twerk by my pancakes.
#REVIEW#This is a solid place! Good food and nice laid back atmosphere. The restaurant has a nice feel with nice food options; organic and vegan! I was disappointed and surprised that they don't serve coffee (they would make so much more $ with that alone).
#REVIEW#Wait was super long. Food was okay. Didn't have as much flavor as i had hoped. Service was okay, not great.
#REVIEW#First time here thanks to my best friend who's been dying to visit this spot. Food was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Wait time wasn't as bad as expected. We were able to get on a waiting list online prior to arriving. Started with the chicken nuggets that were really good the lemon zest that the crust has gives it a great taste. I personally had the chili chicken with sautéed spinach and macaroni and cheese. The portion was good and the dish was very tasty. My friends who joined had a chopped cheese, a Parmesan chicken sandwich, and riblets. They all agreed their dish had good flavors. And yes, all Vegan. I will definitely return and I highly recommend.
#REVIEW#I was happily surprised how amazing this place was. As a vegetarian my entire life, I think there are certain dishes I always wondered about (i.e. pho boy or chicken parm). I'm not sure if this food is supposed to compare to these dishes and if they are, I'm not the one to advise on if they add up but I can say individually they were amazing. All the food was so flavorful. We tried the pho boy and "chicken parm". Next time I want to try something more bold like the vegan crawfish or vegan shrimp dishes. It's a cute date night and I'd recommend to those not vegan even if they love cheese. You won't miss the cheese here. Trust me, coming from a pizza lover.
#REVIEW#If all vegan food tasted this good, sign my up today. But unfortunately they probably don't so I'm probably out. But Seasoned Vegan is great and if they made food for the entire world, veganism here I come! Had the crawfish in garlic sauce (with sweet potato souffle and mac and"cheese") and the shrimp po-boy (w/ fries). Both were amazingly delicious. The sauce and flavor of the "meat" was incredible. Does it taste like meat? Yes it certainly does. Is the texture the exactly the same? 80-90% there. Close enough that I gobbled down everything on the plate.
#REVIEW#Unexpectedly hearty and delicious. As a huge meat lover, I was hesitant to try Seasoned Vegan. But I wanted to try it out since this restaurant was featured in Buzzfeed's 'Worth It' series. The menu offers diverse options of soul food with a vegan flare. What is striking is that there are vegan substitutes for various meats and seafood such as ribs, chicken, shrimp, and crawfish. It gave me the perception of not missing out on the meat options. If there is one thing on the menu you should get, please do yourself a favor and order shrimp po boy. The shrimp substitute actually had the same taste and texture as shrimp. On top of a warm, toasty bread and rich sauce, it truly was amazing. We also ordered a bbq riblet (basically tasted like general tso's chicken with texture of a meatball) with mac & cheese, sauteed broccoli, and sweet potato souffle as sides. Riblet was pretty good but not the ribs texture and flavor I was expecting. The mac & cheese had interesting nutty flavor. There was an element of sweetness to it which I think was from the cornbread type of garnish on top. Sweet potato souffle is a little more smoother than mashed sweet potato but similar taste. I feel like it could be a dessert on its own. As a sweet potato fan, the souffle was lovely. All in all a chill vibe, no frill restaurant that is committed to serving quality vegan soul food. I recommend on your next visit to Harlem!
#REVIEW#Wanted the burger at the top of the menu, but they weren't serving it. The burger that came out was more of a sub. Still good though. The mac didn't come out until after our mains. There was also no toilet paper in the bathroom. This was Saturday on Memorial Day weekend, so maybe they were just extra busy. I'm a simple guy, so I enjoyed it regardless.
#REVIEW#This place rocks! Had the BBQ crawfish sandwich which was out of this world and the spicy tuna sushi. The sushi was good but the tuna tasted like a tuna fish sandwich and not something you'd expect in a sushi roll but still good. Grab a seat at the counter to avoid the wait!
#REVIEW#A solid 4.5!   FINE VEGAN FOOD SMACK DAB IN THE MIDDLE OF HARLEM. Honestly, why can't San Francisco get a place like this?  I mean, how hard would it be to pack a place filled with a diverse group of people who love food, along with wine, beer, and dancehall reggae music playing in the background? That's pretty much what Seasoned Vegan is all about.  We went on a Wednesday night and the place was packed.  20-minute wait, and guess what, they WON'T SEAT YOU IF YOUR ENTIRE PARTY ISN'T THERE.  That's kinda what irritated me...because my put someone else in front of our table with one person missing.  And once we sat down, it took FOREVER to get serviced.  You know I have a thing about service...It's gotta be good!  But other than that, the ambiance was so cool and chill.  The food was SPLENDID.  I had a raw vegan burger that was one of the bet I'd ever had in my life. In fact, I even ordered one to go.  Pair that french fries, sweet potato mash, and a glass of wine, and voila!  It's a night.  OH, I almost forgot dessert...that praline ice cream is delicious on its own, but try it with the sweet potato mash!Meat eaters, rest assure! You'll have plenty to choose from.  Lots of "fake meat" dishes if that's what you're into.  My friend even had a pork belly something made from vegan meat.  Not my jam, but whatever floats your boat! Other than the slow service, I got no gripes.  YOU GOTTA DO IT IF YOU'RE IN NYC.
#REVIEW#Really cool place, great late night spot for drinks and food. Their menu does change depending on the time of day so if you come late at night don't expect a full lunch or brunch menu. This may seem obvious but my tiny brain and I didn't realize this. Regardless their late night menu and I assume the rest of their food is awesome! So come by whenever you're headed uptown and you better pick up a cookie or I will be personally offended
