#NAME#Spot Dessert Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/spot-dessert-bar-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#desserts,macarons,creperies#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I have been troubling all my friends and dragging them to Spot Dessert Bar repetitively. The Matcha Choco Lava is phenomenal and sits right on the top of my top desserts in the city.The Harvest plant is one for Instagram fans and is a great order! Highly recommend the bubble tea as well
#REVIEW#Spot is another highly reviewed and hyped dessert bar in New York, and I've tried my hardest from coming here. It seems like one of those places that has really mediocre desserts for expensive prices, but honestly my friend and I were pleasantly surprised. The service here on a busy Saturday night is excellent. Waiters stopped by multiple times to refill our water glasses and ask how we were doing. My friend and I ordered the Harvest and the Milky Puff. Both came out really quickly. The Harvest. I don't typically like cheesecake, and this is also one of the desserts I've seen all over the Internet. I was pretty reluctant to order this, but it completely knocked my expectations out of the park. The raspberry sorbet is not that good--it's a bit too sour and tangy for my taste. Originally, I don't really like sorbet either. The cheesecake is incredibly moist, delicate, and light. I would say it doesn't even taste like cheesecake. There are whole raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries embedded in the cake. If you dig your spoon deep enough, there is chocolate cake at the very bottom. I'm really curious as to how this dessert is plated and created because it's a pretty complex dessert with a lot of flavors and textures, but somehow, everything comes together really well. Milky Puff. This is probably my favorite one of the night. There's a scoop of milky ice cream on top of a delicious crispy pastry. Honey is drizzled on top, and there's a bar of white chocolate on the side. My friend and I really liked the combination of the pastry with the ice cream. I would pay just to eat the pastry because it was just that soft and delicate. There was a lot of honey, and I think that made the dessert a lot more aggressive. It was a bit too sweet because of the honey. I also don't like white chocolate, but the bark could've just been there for decoration purposes. TLDR; the desserts are really well plated but also complex flavor-wise. I would come here again, and I highly recommend Spot. I definitely don't think it's overhyped. There clearly was a lot of thought into creating both desserts, and I really appreciated it!
#REVIEW#After learning that Spot Dessert has the flower pot dessert, I was very curious to try it! We went to the store located in East Village but they have multiple locations around New York. My friend and I arrived around 8:30 PM and had to wait ten minutes to get seated. P.S. Jeremy Lin has visited this place!The inside was very cute and hip. It definitely attracts a younger crowd. We ended up sharing a table with another couple but the seating was comfortable enough. [ The Harvest ]  The appeal of this dessert is definitely its novelty. I am still blown away by how much the oreo crumbs in the flower pot resemble soil. Before digging in, we "watered the plant" with the sweet milk that they provided in a small metal pitcher. Below the top layer of oreo crumbs is cheesecake. Honestly the flavor of the dessert was mediocre but the adorable presentation of the dish was worth it!
#REVIEW#It tasted good but definitely not worth the price. The service was good though. I wouldn't mind paying $12 for dessert if flavors were unique or there was some special baking technique. However, I feel like you are literally just paying for a picture here and not for food. The harvest seems like an easy dessert to make, just layers of cake crumbs and cheese frosting in a potted plant. There was also nothing special about the flavors. I couldn't even taste the earl grey I poured over this. I mean it was good but I've had better desserts for ~$10-15. This is something I wouldn't mind skipping if I did my NY trip again. P.S. my friends and I did not enjoy the matcha IPA
#REVIEW#We are avid fans of Spot Dessert. We have come to this location 3 or 4 times now and enjoy stopping by whenever we are in the area. The first time we came here we were blown away with the amazing taste of the desserts. However, the prices have increased and the quality/quantity has been the same. It's a bit pricey, but still delicious. At this location, I would be ready for a 15-20 minute wait depending on the day and time. They change up a part of their menu throughout the year, and we like to try the new flavors that come out. Our favorites are the classic 3.My Recommendations (in this order):-The Harvest-Golden Toast -Matcha LavaPrice: $$
#REVIEW#After finishing our dinner at the Ugly Kitchen we used yelp to find somewhere to get something sweet near by. Spot Dessert Bar was a short 5 minute walk at most.St. Marks Place was really vibrant with activity on this pleasant May evening. We found Spot and were told we would have  a 5-10 minute wait for our party of 5. No problem, we walked around a little and were surprised that there are actually two Spot Dessert Bars, or at least two seating areas on the same block. Only in the village and only in NYC!Service was really great and our server was very friendly. We ordered two desserts, two tea drinks, a soda, a cookie and and a coffee. The Miso Butterscotch cake with steamed miso cake, miso butterscotch drizzle, mascarpone cream served with condensed milk ice cream was incredible. The Matcha Lava was even better, with warm dark chocolate cake filled with matcha ganache, served with matcha green tea ice cream. If you like Matcha and Green Tea this is your dessert. The teas, coffee, homemade soda and cookie were excellent also.Highly recommended.
#REVIEW#My favorite place I went to on my mini trip to New York this weekend. I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend the golden toast. The bread was light but crispy and the right amount of sweetness with the honey coated on it. The toast was warm enough where the ice cream could melt and make a great orgasm in your mouth. I'm not a huge sweets person but I love a good dessert and will travel for it. I also had the matcha lava cake. Very rich and decadent. I could only have 2-3 bites without feeling overwhelmed. If you like heavy rich desserts, GET IT! And if you really like dark chocolate, GET IT! The matcha makes the dark chocolate even more earthy but takes away the bitterness so this combination works sooo well!
#REVIEW#Great desserts!This spot dessert bar offers table service (the one in ktown is pick up your food and find your own seat) We came with a party of 5 around 10pm, waiting about 15-20min on Thursday night. Not bad.What I ordered- matcha waterfall, you cut this in the center for the water for effect. I enjoyed this dessert a lot- a scoop of condense milk ice cream, this was rich with flavor. Not diluted or water. What my boyfriend ordered- grapefruit beer, very good. Tasted like soda- monkey bread, It was good but I prefer my matcha waterfall. Portions seem pricey for the size. Service was good, next I want to try their cookies.
#REVIEW#Not to be confused with Star Trek (Spock Dessert Bar), suicide off a tall building (Splat Dessert Bar), or Bae's latest movie (Spunk Dessert Bar).If you can spot the difference between this spot and the ones in Flushing then you're quite astute. And you're a pro. Maybe we're both pros/astutes. It's pretty obvious actually. There's no room whatsoever in this one. It gets very busy and there's almost never anywhere to sit. Prices are really high and I actually think the service at the one in Flushing might be better. This one is just too cramped for its own good.It's trying to be a little coffee shop but it's one of the most popular dessert bars in the city on one of the most popular streets in the city. So this presents a problem. No space.Yes their products are pretty good but hyper sweet and some of them are not that good at all. It's definitely an overrated place but just because I do actually like some of the stuff I'll give it a healthy 4 star rating. But seriously there's nowhere to sit so watch out for that cuz it's not going to be easy. They just really need a bigger space.My alt review:The Sweet Spot is a nice dessert place with expensive Asian desserts - it's a sit down place and you have to tip the waitress and so on. There's not a lot of space here cuz it's a tiny Saint Mark's Place location.The one in Queens is much more elaborate and massive, sometimes way busier and more modern and spacious. This one is a little trendier.Honestly I don't find the desserts to be great and I think the main problem is that they cost about four times more than they should. I know it's the number one date night spot and I know I'm hating on something that everybody loves but I don't really love it. I prefer the one in Flushing anyway.
#REVIEW#Really cute dessert spot located in a cute street with lots of tasty looking asian spots! Desserts are beautifully plated and innovative in terms of design and experience. Why we were here // We came with a group of 4 on a Wednesday night - it was pretty bumpin for a weekday night. My fiancee's cousins showed us this spot and we had a nice night of catching up and spending family time with them. My fiancee and I shared the miso butterscotch cake and it was DELICIOUS! The cake was perfectly moist and the sauce was sweet but not overly so. I also ordered tea which paired really nicely with the treat. I thought it was interesting they have two spots right next to each other. They communicate between locations so if they have space at one, they will kindly ask you if you are willing to head next door and be seated. In addition, only one location has a bathroom, but luckily they are nice and let you hop over to use it if needed. If I ever find myself back in this part of NY, I'll be back to try that flower pot!
#REVIEW#So this experience was so cool and it such a nifty craft that just so happens to be something that you can actually eat, which obviously makes it so much better. My friend and i got the Matcha Lava and the Harvest desserts. The presentation is honestly what blows it away. Especially the harvest, with it looking like a little plant. The Matcha Lava was good, definitely not overly sweet and it was just enough to kick the sweet tooth without being overbearing so I was super pleased with it. Next time I'm back in NY I'll definitely stop by so I can try something else off the menu and I hope to be as pleasantly surprised as I was the first time around.
#REVIEW#Spot has really great desserts, that's no secret. There will most likely be a line but this is a fast paced dessert bar. You get seated, get bugged to order in less than a minute, get served your desserts in maybe a few minutes, eat, then leave.So, what's good here? Everything. But most notably, the matcha lava cake stole the show for me. Nothing beats a cake oozing with chocolate and matcha and a nice scoop of matcha ice cream to go with it. I'm a huge sucker for lava cakes and this one here won my heart. The coconut monkeybread is a seasonal item but the bread was glorious. I wasn't too big a fan of the coconut ice cream but to each their own. You pay quite a bit for smallish portions ($12) but at least you won't overeat as a result.So if there's any spot to be for dessert, Spot Dessert Bar is the place to be.
#REVIEW#Spot is a petite dessert shop offering over-the-top, Asian-inspired desserts located conveniently on St. Marks.I'd tried their K-Town outpost and found the experience to be stressful and the Harvest to be underwhelming, but when one of my, er, hungry friends suggested it, I decided they deserved another shot.We came around 10:45 on a Saturday night; they don't quote waits but it ended up being about 15 minutes for a table for our party of 5.Desserts are $12 across the board and very shareable; 3 dishes worked well for 5 people.Miso butterscotch was moist and bread-pudding-esque, and though it had a whiff of je ne se quoi it mostly tasted like straightforward butterscotch. The condensed milk ice cream was a surprise highlight and one of my favorite things we had.Matcha lava, one of their signatures, balanced bitter and sweet well, and had the perfect consistency with both an airy exterior and a melty interior. Coconut monkey bread was heavenly-- a fluffy skillet of sticky coffee cake covered with melting coconut ice cream and Thai tea drizzle.What really stuck out to me was the consistent execution. This may be stoner food, served into the wee hours, but they take it seriously. The textures on everything were textbook, the flavors well balanced, and there was always a scoop of ice cream or drizzle of sauce to moisten up a rich piece of cake. And of course everything is photogenic.Service was super fast. The location is small and not exactly luxurious but things are kept clean. It's not wheelchair accessible, with multiple flights of stairs. Nut allergies were easily accommodated, and they usually have one vegan option.Not an everyday treat, but fun for group seeking gluttony.
#REVIEW#Yummy and unique spot for dessert! Definitely a great place to gather with a few friends and indulge in unique and photo-worthy desserts!We had the Matcha Waterfall and the Big Orange. The Matcha Waterfall was a delicious powdered matcha cake filled with a matcha creme. The Big Orange was alright, it was basically a monkey pull apart bread with a scoop of icecream and drizzle. It was a bit on the pricey side. Two small desserts was about $21. Nonetheless, it was a fun experience and tasty!
#REVIEW#Small (4-5 tables) sit-down dessert spot which table service. Has a lot of fun Asian fusion desserts. The campfire dessert was the best one but also the milk puff was great too--reminded me how much I like cereal! The seasonal matcha was good but too much matcha and not much of anything else.Place is good to go with a small group of people and to hang out though after an hour they start clearing the table indicating that it's time for you to leave.
#REVIEW#We had a little trouble finding this place - it is on the 2nd floor of a food hall type establishment. We had the matcha molten lava cake and it was DELICIOUS. My fiancee also had an Oreo cookie which he loved but was too sweet for my taste. It's a little overpriced for the environment, but not for the food itself I don't think. This dessert looks and tastes like it belongs somewhere super upscale!
#REVIEW#I'm a big sucker for dessert in any shape of form, so Spot was an obvious go-to in NYC. I mean, an all-dessert cafe is living my childhood dream!Even though everyone raves about their matcha waterfall (which looks like a lava cake but with matcha), we went for the coconut monkeybread. It is one of their seasonal Fall '18 desserts and the only one that is vegan. The monkeybread is served in a little skilled and is so yummy! Coconut milk ice cream really compliments the Thai drizzle and the hot base - very tasty! They offer a similar dish with cookie crumbs and marshmallows, but I imagine it being slightly overwhelming. That said, one dish was more than enough for the two of us (who am I kidding, I ate most of it!) so make sure to share.The one thing I didn't like is the cafe itself - wayyyyy too small and looks rather like a to-go boba shop :/
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday night party of 3, and only waited 15 minutes. The service was amazing, everyone was so sweet and attentive. Our desserts came out really fast. I love sweets and think the coconut monkey bread and the campfire cookie were some of the best desserts I have ever had (my sisters agreed). We also got the mango passion fruit soda that was really good and different. Definitely on the pricier side (12$) per dessert, but worth the trip!
#REVIEW#I think this place deserves a solid 3.5 star (rounded up to 4). We ordered sizzling monekybread with a scoop of coconut ice cream and flakes on the top, drizzled with thai ice tea cream. The desert was def on the sweeter side for me. There's nothing critically wrong with the dessert, it just kinda lacks creativity and imagination. Also the melted ice cream makes the break soggy so I thought I would had enjoyed it more if the ice cream was served on the side...The service was quick and our server was nice.
#REVIEW#From Yelp, this place looked like the perfect Instagram trap with its creative food choices and colorful atmosphere. Coming here, I got just that and a little bit more. The harvest came like a plant pot and even a small bowl of milk tea to "water the plant". The plant is actually made of cheesecake on the bottom, with fruit in the middle and a layer of Oreo crumbs on top, with a scoop of raspberry sorbet on the side. I was pleasantly surprised by how well the milk tea mixed with the tangy flavors of the fruit, and of course, I recorded myself pouring the milk tea into the pot like so many other millennials. I also absolutely adored the mango soda. It's a mix of mango ice cream, flavoring and sparkling water, and it's very refreshing when paired with one of the other desserts. I also took a video of me stirring this drink, as many other people did as well. Overall, I really liked this place, the only complaint I have is that the delicious desserts and picture-perfect presentation comes with a slightly higher price tag than most other desserts in the area (justified for the extra work required to make the orders). However, this place is a must-go if you want to elevate your food pics on social media.
