#NAME#Parker & Quinn
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/parker-and-quinn-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,bars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#made a reservation for a large group of co-workers on a weekday night.  this place is HUGE inside, but still has a warm, cozy feeling.The drinks were great.  The service was great.  The food was outstanding.  definitely recommend!
#REVIEW#Breakfast / Brunch - arrive by 10:30am or you'll feel pressure to order quickly.  We had the avocado toast , which was spectacular and a fresh twist on the norm at most places.  It had a wonderful lightly dressed healthy arugula salad  . The omelet lacked flavor and was rubbery - it was reminiscent of cafeteria food (apologies / but true ). The manager Hugo was delightful and recognized our anniversary with Mimosas... thank you so much ‼Management is the Bomb.com Mathew our server lacked personality/ warmth during the meal(not rude).
#REVIEW#We came here for brunch on a Saturday morning expecting to be exceptionally wow'd at the highest and at the lowest, we expected to just be fed a decent meal. Decent it was and for the prices, I am not sure if I would go out of my way to come here again. Here's the story (really not that interesting).We got here at 10:45 and were told we were lucky to be even sat since we didn't have a reservation (of course, not in such a rude manner but still). At this time the restaurant was mostly empty....if you come at noon you will definitely need a reservation. We had one of the cool booth seats which was perfect for people watching. Our waiter was fairly good and attentive so can't complain there.All the food ranges from $18-$30 for breakfast. I decided on the breakfast sandwich, my boyfriend got the french toast, and our friends got the eggs in hell. My breakfast sandwich was not worth it- it wasn't bad but was extremely bland and lack luster. Only hot sauce could save it and for the price, I could have gotten the same sandwich at a bodega (or about 3 of them at the same price). The french toast was worth the price though and I would definitely get that next time. Also the Yukon potatoes were a bit, too potatoe-y for me even though I'm a potato lover and were much too thick.Even our alcohol drinks didn't feel that strong. I like that they have an option for a mimosa board if you have a bigger group. Their cold brew coffee was actually the best thing.
#REVIEW#We went without a reservation for sunday brunch and were told 30 minutesWe decided to stay and the host recommended that we go to the rooftop bar, as theirs was packed and no seats He also took my cell so he could update us which he did Wow Rooftop bar is separate location at the  refinery hotel An excellent-choice and a separate review Sunday brunch menu featured a donut selection as well as a Mimosa deconstructed offering which was very interesting and would recommend Our group enjoyed the eggs Benedict with the crabcake as well as the roasted vegetable omelette and I cannot pass up order of the donutsWe had an awesome waiter which added to the experience
#REVIEW#Located conveniently near Bryant Park, Parker & Quinn is chicly decorated and has a wrap around bar. Tables definitely get full so make a reservation if you can or you'll end up waiting for a table or bar spot. The food here is surprisingly good and the bartenders are extremely nice. (Both times I ordered from the bar.) We asked the bartender for food recommendations and I'm glad we did since everything came out with tons of flavor. The eggplant fries are a nice change up to regular fries and come with a sauce that has a slight kick to it. The chicken entree doesn't come with any sides but the flavor is amazing and the portion size is pretty big. Finally, they have flat breads - so we ordered the one with sausage. It was also good but more like a personal pizza than a flatbread. I'll definitely be back.
#REVIEW#All in all, we enjoyed Parker & Quinn.The decor is cool, not exactly my style but I see where they were going. It's dark and decorated, with a big central bar, which is where we spent our evening. My friend and I came in on a Friday night after a conference for a quick dinner and some drinks.It was just me eating, I ordered the steak and a side of mashed potatoes. That steak is still giving me the ooh and ahhs. It was perfect, perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, just perfect! The mashed potatoes were filled with butter, in the best way possible. They desperately needed salt but once I added it, they were delicious, so as far as food, I was very pleased!For drinks, we both ordered the Fleur De Lis cocktail. At first, we ordered it without the prosecco, thinking we'd cut some of the sugar. No no, leave cocktails as is! It was super syrupy without the bubbles. We asked for some club to be added and it was a totally different cocktail (in a good way!) The next round we ordered the same thing, but as it was written in the menu, and it was delicious! Definitely on the sweet side, but not overwhelmingly and had a good flavor balance.Overall, it would be a 4.5 if our bartender was a tad bit nicer. He wasn't outright rude or anything, but did seem, for a moment, as though he was doing us a favor, and that put us off a bit.Overall, it's a nice place with a mixed crowd and isn't super crazy on a Friday night so it's a win for me!P.S. I couldn't get a great pic of the food because of the lighting but trust me, it was delicious!
#REVIEW#Here's the deal ... it's the backside of the Refinery hotel and rooftop bar! Great space for business lunch / dinner or causal meeting with friends!!  It gets pretty crowded so I recommend reservations if you're looking for a booth or table ( full menu at bar available) also a back table top seating overlooking kitchen area !!!  Turkey burger is delicious!!! The tomato soup with grilled cheese will put you in food coma!   Flat bread pizza great to share !!! Love love love their seared Ahi Tuna appetizer.
#REVIEW#We loved everything about this place. Cool vibe, great drinks and both the staff and food were wonderful. We started with the Shishito Peppers and Warm Olives- those two thing alone we heavenly. The Ramen seasoning and Miso Ranch for the peppers were perfect and those olives- wow! We didn't order it but the table next to us said the meatballs were to die for and shouldn't be missed next time in. I had the French Dip for my main nosh. The size and bread choice were perfect. My friend had a Kale Salad with Shrimp and she raved about it.
#REVIEW#Great dinner and drinks with three colleagues after work. Very convenient location. Great atmosphere and vibe. My burger was juicy and cooked medium rare to perfection. Fries were perfect as well. Service was fantastic I'll be back.
#REVIEW#A-ok. Came for weekend brunch and thought it was alright. There was good amount of seating, fun atmosphere, and not too loud so u can have conversation The food was just ok- crab Benedict: it was tasty. actually good portion, and looks like it had good amount of crab lol, the egg was cooked well. Salads and aioli was good. - 3 donut: very disappointing. It was $12 and came 3 pieces, it was like what?? $4 is the price of dough, and it's no where as good. And even not comparing it to dough, the pastry itself : texture wasn't there, filling was plentiful but not enough flavor. And it was kinda room temperature cold
#REVIEW#Love this place!!! Upscale American Bar/Restaurant. Food is amazing. Megan, at the bar was great today. Efficient and spot on service. Peaty Martini with blue cheese olives... cmon it's blue cheese olives.. what else do you need? Eggplant fries...lobster potstickers... oysters.. and a perfectly cooked piece of salmon on a Caesar salad with anchovies!!!! Can't wait to go back.
#REVIEW#I was torn regarding the # of stars to award. Yet, for all reasons considered....5 it is.This is a great comfort food restaurant, offering excellent service, quality food and presentation, full and extensive drink options including specialty cocktails, and excellent value. Fine dining, tablecloth restaurant it isn't, but it doesn't need to be, to be 5 stars in my book. Just deliver what you promise, and P&Q does it in spades!!!My specialty cocktail, New York Sour, was delicious and expertly prepared and served. An interesting twist on the standard whiskey sour...rye, lemon, syrup, topped with a little Cabernet Sauvignon....see photo.I opted for the salmon dish w a side of broiled broccolini, while my wife had the brick, half chicken without the sauce... See photos. All delicious.Had to have a little dessert, and was debating between their cheesecake or the baked, warm chocolate chip cookie, a la mode w chocolate sauce (on the side, for me). Service from Tony was great. I will easily return here.
#REVIEW#Came here for Sunday brunch around 11:30. We didn't have a reservation so there was a little bit of a wait. The host suggested we have a drink on the roof while we wait for our table. We did and it was fantastic! When our table was ready we were seated at a cute corner booth. We did the donuts to start. Best. Brunch. App! Our server, Matt, was so friendly, attentive, and made great recommendations. Definitely coming back here
#REVIEW#Parker & QuinnLocated on 39th Street, Parker & Quinn is a bar/restaurant that does a very active lunch business.  The atmosphere is very attractive.  Our party arrived without a reservation, so we ended up seated at the bar.  The server for the bar also covered the tables in the bar area.  She had a energetic personality and did an good job of covering a very large number of customers.  The restaurant offers a nice selection of options for lunch. The kitchen missed on the preparation of my lamb burger (it was way undercooked) but they quickly took off the charge off the bill.  Overall a good choice for a lunch venue.
#REVIEW#Parker & Quinn was the perfect way to top off my girlfriend and I's trip to New York. They were slammed, so we opted for two seats at the bar instead rather than wait for a table. This ended up being a great call, because not only was the bar itself charming and beautifully constructed, but the woman behind the bar was a dream. I missed her name, but she was blonde with these incredible tattoos. Definitely a striking presence, but all of that was nothing compared to how kind and generous she was.First, she was generally just very informative, and helped us choose menu items that we were extremely happy with. My girlfriend got the Breakfast Burger, and I got the Crab Cake Benedict. My girlfriend was very happy with her choice, which looked like all the things a burger should be - juicy, well thought out, and a bit of a challenge. This burger was definitely a force to be reckoned with by its sheer size alone. My crab cake benedict was essentially the best bendict I've ever had. The crab added a seafood element to what I generally otherwise find to be a pretty one dimensional dish. I mean, egg + hollandaise essentially = egg, both taste and texture wise, so the crab cakes - which were phenomenal on their own - really took a predictable dish and layered it beautifully.Back to the woman with the awesome tattoos though - besides making awesome recommendations, she really made us feel welcome despite how busy it was. My girlfriend and I were both really happy to get to talk to her a bit. She definitely made the brunch especially special by not charging us for our first two drinks, which was a total surprise. Thanks so much!!! Hope to see you again next time we're around.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Saturday afternoon and the place was fairly empty. The place is dim but looks fancy probably because it is part of a hotel I believe. I ordered the pepperoni flatbread without realizing it was actually pizza but no big deal I guess. The pizza was decent but nothing amazing. It wasn't  really piping hot when it came out. The chili's they put on there which gave it a nice kick but that was pretty much it.Overall for a $20 meal u could probably get better pizza.
#REVIEW#If y'all want a great drink and company, stop by Parker & Quinn and ask for Mike. I walked in and soon followed a group of 12. While catering to multiple tables and patrons at the bar, he quickly greeted and served the party that came in. He's very polite and efficient. It's a shame the group just ordered draft or bottled beer because they're missing out on what this craftsman can whip up in a glass with rocks. My old fashioned was a 10/10.
#REVIEW#Connected to a hotel. The decor grows on you and the atmosphere is fun. We sat two of us in one of the elevated booths. The service was incredible!  Very helpful with our questions and slowness to order and hangout. Always quick to refill drinks. Got 6 oysters, West coast were much tastier than east coast. The oysters were fresh and very good!Food was "okay".  Everything was well presented, cooked and hot - though seemed a little bland.  The key lime tart was not as flavorful as the New York Cheesecake, which was SO good.
#REVIEW#I've had this restaurant bookmarked for all of 2018 and knew I couldn't start 2019 without crossing this gem off! So it only made sense that I host a birthday brunch here with 3 of my gal pals for noon on a Sunday. The reservation process was incredibly easy, thanks to their affiliation with OpenTable. It was pretty busy, so I definitely recommend making a reservation ahead of time, especially for dinner. There were a lot of factors drew me to this place: it's location (walking distance from Penn Station, Times Square and Bryant Park), the retro glam furniture/interior, and the brunch menu! On the day of my brunch, two of my friends were running late due to train delays. The hostesses greated us warmly and kept us updated on the status of our table. Thankfully my other friend and I were able to be seated before the rest of our party arrived (which doesn't happen very often) - this gave us time to order starters and look over the menu.When we were seated our waitress (I believe her name was Sade) was friendly, patient and VERY attentive throughout the entire dining experience. We loved that she was very knowledgeable of the menu and took the time to learn our food allergies/restrictions. The customer service at P&Q is astounding.My friends and I enjoyed every single moment spent at Parker & Quinn! We will be back!
#REVIEW#After wedding dress shopping for my best friend, the bride-to-be, her wedding party & mom decided to go for brunch to celebrate! My friend made the reservation for 6 people and we were seated in one of their raised booths, which I don't think can actually seat 6 people comfortably. Thankfully, we have a few tiny girls so it ended up being fine. Also, temperature control was wacky - it was way too hot and we were all sweating! Lastly, the light above our booth kept flickering on and off, which was actually very annoying. It took a while for the server to come greet us, take our order, check-in on us, and bring the check. He didn't seem to concerned. However, the food and drink were wonderful. We ordered the bubbly board ($50) to share - This was like a "make your own" mimosa kit. It came with a bottle of Prosecco & different juices/fruits to add to the champagne - a very fun and cute idea! We tried a bunch of brunch dishes also. I got the soup n' Sammy ($19), which was basically a grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was very delicious, but the sandwich was deep fried, so I couldn't eat both halves without risking my chance for a heart attack! Other orders included the caramelized Apple French toast ($17), crab cake eggs Benedict ($21), and the fried chicken sandwich ($19). Everyone enjoyed their meal. If it wasn't for the service & atmospheric flaws, it would have been a perfect meal!
