#NAME#Aux Merveilleux De Fred
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/aux-merveilleux-de-fred-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#desserts,bakeries,french#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#marvelous !!!!! every time ,just pure simplicity of heaven .do yourself a favor and just go for the fun .and if in the area - don't hesitate .
#REVIEW#I was pretty disappointed with the size, price, and taste of the meringues. They are small, fall apart completely after one bite, and basically just taste like sugar. I mean I understand that's basically what a meringue is, but I figured there would be more depth to the various flavors. I'll be back for the pastries which look more promising than the meringues.
#REVIEW#I originally came across this place during the winter village at Bryant Park. After trying out their sugar and chocolate brioche, I was very satisfied and curious what else they had. Once I found their Chelsea location, I was even more impressed.First off, the smell as soon as you open the door is so heavenly you can just start salivating right there. Their merveilleux are satisfying and tasty, without being too sugary or heavy. The staff is also very nice and personable and will convince you to get more. They convinced me to get the Flemish waffles which were really good and go very good with ice cream (ice cream sold elsewhere).Highly reccomend this place.
#REVIEW#I bought some merveilleux to travel a long distance. The person behind the counter recommended not buying them and insisted they would not travel well. I bought six anyway because they were a gift for someone who really likes them. I used a freezer pack and they lasted through the trip. Recipient was happy with them. I also got one for myself and a croissant. I thought they were OK, but my friend really likes them.
#REVIEW#This bakery was tinier than I expected. It barely had space to get in and buy stuff. There were 2 benches in front. Meringue pastry is what they are known for. I was expecting a solid pastry. But it is actually a thin macaroon base topped with semi solid creme  sort of stuff. It was a bit too sweet for me. I tried chocolate, hazelnut and incroyable. All were good, may be incroyable was slightly better. Brioche bread here was also good.
#REVIEW#I love their brioche bread here. It's super fluffy and very milky. This is a French pastry shop, so if anything, the butter should be on point and I'm happy to say, that you can really taste the high quality butter they use.The meringues are very unique. It's a super light dessert and sweet.It's definitely worth a try. I prefer the brioche, but more cause I love something with more of a bite.
#REVIEW#There isn't much to say about the tasty delights that are a merveilleux. You come here, you buy all of them, you shove them all in your mouth as quickly as possible. I thought all the flavors I tried were delicious, maybe the praline being my favorite? You just can't go wrong. I bought the minis, and would love the big ones for a treat sometimes.
#REVIEW#Aux Merveilleux de FredThe century old gluten free low calorie meringue pastry!Recommendation flavor:1: The incredible(white chocolate)2: The unbelievable (coffee)3: The revolutionary (caramel)
#REVIEW#Their meringues are so delicate and delightful! They are light, airy, and delicious. It is amazing how they melt in your mouth. Highly highly recommend!
#REVIEW#I love this place !! I first heard of it when I studied a few blocks away from one of it's location in Paris. I was so excited to see they had a place only a few blocks from me in New York ! The same set up as in Paris, the pastries are made in front of a large window, where people passing by can see the pâtissiers crafting various goods. The merengues, merveilleux, and the breads and croissants are  all superb ! The croissants are flakey and light, as is traditional. The merveilleux have the consistency of a cloud and the flavors are so well incorporated that it never tastes overpowering ! I always love coming here on a weekend for a treat or if I need to get a thoughtful gift for someone !
#REVIEW#4.5 stars.  High quality unique French dessert (that originated from Belgium) that is rare to find even in NYC.The moment you walk into the store, the fantastic melting buttery sweet smell will mesmerize your senses.  Even before taking a bite, you can tell you are getting authentic French dessert made with high-quality ingredients.- Brioche.  Surprisingly, their simple brioche was my favorite pastry here. Mini chocolate brioche was delicious but slightly too rich for my palate (It doesn't mean it was bad, it was great!, but I couldn't eat too much of it because it was very rich).   Lightly sweet and delicious brioche that was absolutely wonderful- The Merveilleux.. aka sugar bomb goodness.  I had no idea what Merveilleux was, but according to Wikipedia, it "consists of a sandwich of two light meringues welded with whipped cream which has been covered with whipped cream and dusted with chocolate shavings."To simply put it, it's a meringues sandwich.  We tried all flavors, and my favorite was Praline & caramelized hazelnuts.  I liked it even though it was crazy sweet.  I love meringues and I think of Merveilleux as super upgraded fancy meringues.  It is SWEET.  So I couldn't eat more than one at a time, but it's still really good.- Croissants were my least favorite, but maybe I got a bad one.  It wasn't as flaky as I would have liked it to be.In sum, I would have totally revisited this place for their Brioche and occasionally one special Merveilleux when I craved something ridiculously sweet yet delicious, but too bad I live far from NYC.
#REVIEW#I got desserts in their winter market kiosk at Bryant Park. I highly suggest getting the pearl sugar topped bun. The chocolate one was more solid and dense. I don't know if the cool air was a factor in the chocolate one not being as soft and airy or perhaps that's what it supposed to taste like. I honestly felt like I was bighting into a cloud when I ate the pearl sugar one. I can't wait to go to their brick and mortar location to try more goodies.
#REVIEW#I'm definitely one of the few,  who found these delicate and exquisitely crafted meringues, pretty and pleasant,  but not to the point of "ooing ang aaing", as I thought I would be. I chose a box of 6, to try the different flavors and surprisingly, vanilla turned out to be the most exciting for me; it carried a subtle taste of fragile sweetness-- that kinda lingered hesitantly, you know,  then gradually faded. I think I should have gotten some brioche, too, as they were well spoken of. That means,  I must go back!
#REVIEW#Walking through Soho on a cloudy Monday afternoon, the window of Aux Merveilleus De Fred sticks out as a work of art, and one glance at the desserts waiting inside, and your mouth will be watering.  We had the Le Merveilleaux dark belgian chocolate pastry and the Le Magnifique praline and caramelized hazelnut pastry.  That was enough for four adults.  Rich, flavorful, sweet and fragrant, just a few bites is all you need to get into dessert heaven.  Definitely worth a trip out of your way, or a random walk up 8th Avenue for some tasty fun.
#REVIEW#I don't have a sweet tooth but still can't walk past this place without getting something sweet and delicious.
#REVIEW#Got a few small treats from this spot--a meringue and some of their sweet cream puffs.They were both decent and not too rich--not a bad spot for a small, sweet bite.
#REVIEW#I first discovered Aux Merveilleux De Fred in Paris in 2013. I met a Parisian Yelper who exposed me to the most delicious meringues I had ever had. It blew my mind how something could taste this good. I was in love. I went back to the shop again before we left Paris to buy some to take home to my family. I learned the hard way that meringues cannot withstand travel and by the time I landed in California, all I had left were deflated mounts of what used to be airy fluffy clouds of love.Fast forward many years and I found myself in New York City, reminded that Aux Merveilleux de Fred has a location here. Despite being exhausted from touring and eating all day, I dragged him here for meringues. I carried the delicate meringues in their beautiful box until we got to a safe place to unveil them. I was nervously excited, anticipating the moment I would taste these again and hoping that they would live up to my memories.I took a bite and it took me back to that day 5 years ago in Paris where I first came face to face with these beautiful treats. They're as good as I remembered.
#REVIEW#Tiny, cute authentic Parisian bakery with fresh croissants, brioche, merveillrux, and meringues. Upon recommendation from a friend, I got the chocolate croissant--it was warm, delicious, and fresh. Definitely one of the best chocolate croissants in NYC!I look forward to coming back for more croissants and their other pastries.
#REVIEW#This place has the best chocolate chip brioche bread I have ever had. It taste good the way it is, but I like it even more when you use it to make French toast! It's mouthwatering! They also have waffles here too! Perfect for on the go breakfast or snack!The store is super cute and full of all sorts of things you want to try! The meringue bites are so fluffy and light, you could eat them all day. I really enjoyed the chocolate one! Stop in and prepare to be blown away! The staff is super nice and store is just adorable. This is one of the best bakeries in NYC, really!
#REVIEW#Blown. Away.This wish spent a considerable time on my list before getting fulfilled - but it was worth it!Notable for their merveillux (meringue), but this place also offers bread. The meringue is covered in flavored cream and rolled in toppings:- Merveillux (Chocolate)Chocolate cream, chocolate shavings. One bite and I was hooked. Sweet, chocolatey, and the different textures were a party in my mouth. - Incroyable Speculoos cookie biscuit cream, white chocolate. Earned all of our votes! Tasted like cookie butter, not overly sweet, and the textures were perfect.- MagnifiquePraline cream, nutty outside. We didn't like this one at all, it was WAY too sweet. Sweet enough to hurt your throat after just one bite. Maybe it was a dud?- ExcentriqueThe cherry one. Just okay, tasted too artificial to me.- Chocolate chip briocheWas just good. Soft enough, chocolate chip-y enough, but nothing spectacular.
