#NAME#Nai Tapas
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/nai-tapas-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tapas,spanish,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#UPDATE UPDATE READ ALL ABOUT IT!I decided to attend Nai Tapas again because the food, ambience and vibe was truly amazing. I wondered if I had the experience outside of a group dinner would that change how I felt and honestly....IT 100% DID. OH.EM.GEE. Like. Probably one of the BEST meals I have EVER had.Drinks. My friend and I decided to try a handful of drinks and split them all. Service was STUPENDOUS as they offered recommendations on wines we would like based on our personal taste. They also offered history lessons on where the wine and liquors came from and everything is FRESH AF. Like, the men and women make fresh fruit juice EVERYDAY! Cocktails you must try--Fun Aunt From Madrid. That cucumber and mint OH MY MAMA IT WAS SO GOOD! If you like spicy drinks I highly recommend the Crazy Godfather. That kick was POTENT. If you like a dessert cocktail, chile that Horchata is BUSINESS. Baby, you literally can't go wrong with any cocktail or wine. You're getting the best of the best.Food. Honey. Listen. Presentation is 10/10. I'm talking fire torches on the salmon pieces over sticky rice. Geometric shapes and symmetry and words I don't even know because it was all so eclectic. We tried the Bocados de Salmon, Salmoreja Canaria, Pinxto de Chistarra Con Huevoz de Cadarniz, Castilla Tempura, Carpaccio de Portobella, Tostada De Lubina and Creme Brulee. Listen up. I don't even eat mushrooms and the Carpaccio de Portobella was FIRE. I don't even eat eggs in ANY capacity and the Pinxto de Chistarra Con Huevoz de Cadarniz had me eating a sunny side up egg and LOVING IT. I was able to step outside my comfort zone and try some authentic, and fun food. Praise him.If you aren't convinced by now, I HIGHLY recommend. Raul is an absolute pleasure and if you ever have any questions, comments or concerns he will answer them tenfold. A wonderful gentlemen, serving amazing food and high quality ingredients. You won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#Saturday night Flamingo dancers show You need to make reservations...they do get busy on weekend ... they ran out of food we ordered Very disappointed but the one we've got was decent , cute place right on the corner
#REVIEW#The cauliflower is SO GOOD. It'll take forever to  come out though. But it was the #1 dish of the night! Portions aren't crazy small as some other tapas spotsI didn't care for the octopus - it was pretty tasteless. Thought the flavor would be popping but it's notThe dancers made the vibe of the room fun - you can't take videos or photos though4 stars mainly because the service was spotty and the cauliflower took forever
#REVIEW#Nai is one of those places that catches your eye from across the street because it has two floors, big windows that can open as well as nice greenery and lighting. When we happened upon this place one night, there was a flamenco music and dancing show scheduled for the second floor which really added to our dinner experience! This place is definitely under the ruse of a tapas place because the plates are quite large - makes sense too when you see the prices ~$20 per plate We got 5 plates to share between two people as well as a half pitcher of blueberry pomegranate sangria. Though we were really hungry, we totally over-ordered and should've gotten ~3 plates instead! Highly recommend everything I ordered. The sangria had champagne in it and the bubbles added a great texture. It wasn't too sweet which was important to me. Paella - a must get for me as they use more noodles than rice? Idk it was something with a chewier than normal texture and I really enjoyed that! Portobello mushrooms - served cold with some cheese and I think hazelnuts. Might be biased bc I LOVE mushrooms but I thought the textures and flavors were excellent. I normally don't love cold dishes, but it worked well for thisLittle clams - I was a bit disappointed when it wasn't served in sauce but this was super tasty! Very well cooked Lamb shank - very tender and flavorful! Also large portion!
#REVIEW#We made a reservation for dinner on a Friday for a group of 5.  The restaurant has 2 floors and there're stairs at the back of the 1st floor connecting the ground floor to upstairs. I was late for my dinner party, the hostess was nice enough to walk me upstairs to the table where my group's seated.Food: 1. Carpaccio De Portobello - must try!  The portobello mushrooms were thinly sliced that I thought they're eggplants at first.  You would have to lift up each piece with the wooden tongs.  The fragrance of the truffle oil and the sprinkle of nuts on top, mixed with the sliced up truffles = Heaven.  This dish is the most delicious dish I tried that evening. 2. Gambas Al Ajillo - garlic shrimps served in a cast iron dish.  The shrimps were coated with garlic oil and they're flavorful.3. Coliflor Al Horno - Almost looked like a piece of steak but it's made up of cauliflower.  We ordered half and then added an order of a whole cauliflower.  The flavor was bold with the sauce they put on the top.  It makes cauliflower to tolerable to people who do not like eating cauliflower. 4. Bocados de salmon - we ordered this dish based on the recommendation of our server, but little did we know that this dish is presented sushi style.  After drizzling the salmon nigiri sushi with mayo, the server would torch the pieces until the surface's cooked.  This dish is my least favorite of the evening as the fusion part is causing confusion in this case in the interpretation of the dish.5. Pulpo A la gallega - you can rarely go wrong with an octopus dish at a Spanish tapas place.  We ordered 2 of this dish, as it was delicious and the octopus was chopped up and not chewy.6. Fideua - the paella like pasta is served in a cone used to serve fries at a restaurant.  The overpowering taste of mayo, seaweed and fish roes pretty much dictated the flavor of the dish.  I did not like the fact that they used too much mayo in this dish.  This is my 2nd unimpressed dish after the salmon. 7. Beet rice - risotto like texture, a strong taste of gooey cheese, not much of a hint of the taste of beet.  The dish was topped with a soft boiled egg with a runny center.  I probably would not order it again.   8. Blueberry pornegranate sangria pitcher - the server would refill your glass as soon as it ran empty.  The sangria was too sweet for my taste, but nonetheless, it's a delightful sweet drink.9. Cod fish cooked in tomato sauce - they first brought us the wrong dish, and this dish was served towards the end.  I like fish cooked in a tomato sauce, the acidity of the sauce paired well with the freshness of the fish.10. We ordered a bottle of red wine - Artigas 2013 - for a full bodied wine, it does its job by not being too earthy or too sweet.  Overall, service was attentive.  The servers missed some of the orders, but were quick to fix the issue once we mentioned to them.  My head got hit by the elbow of one of the servers, but overall the service went smooth.  I would recommend this tapas place for a gathering for a big group so you could try as many dishes as possible.  They recommended that each person should order at least 2 dishes.   As mentioned earlier, one thing I do not like in some of the dishes is that they use too much mayo, the strong taste of mayo is too overpowering and taking away the natural flavors of some of the ingredients.
#REVIEW#Love this place! We came for Saturday dinner and were seated right away without a reservation. We started off with a half pitcher of the mango sangria, which is refreshing and absolutely bomb. Thing is, it's not weak either so don't drink it too quickly even though you'll want to! Rundown of our tapas picks:- Carpaccio de portobello: definitely my favorite of the night. Thinly sliced and drizzled liberally with truffle oil and manchego, topped with almonds - I'm usually so over the whole truffle oil thing but this was so well done and delicious that I ended up eating most of it- Crujiente de rabo y trucha: oxtail toast. Presentation was completely unexpected but despite the toast being fried, it was very light and the oxtail very beefy- Pollo a la brasa: what a presentation! The 3-minute creation was interesting to watch, though I was kind of on edge the whole time because it didn't look fun for the waiter, having to precariously balance everything in his left hand while putting together the dish with his right. I would've felt a lot more relieved if he'd just brought a small portable stand or something where he could rest everything and focus on making the dish. But the chicken and sauces were good, if not incredible - this dish is more about the presentation than the sheer flavours- Beet rice: very cheesy, beet seems to be more for color than taste but very well done risotto- Bacalao: salted cod over cabbage and potato. Was as expected. Quality again was very good, even if the flavours weren't my personal favorite, but I enjoyed it nonethelessHalfway through we also ordered a half pitcher of the blueberry pomegranate sangria. Their sangrias are top notch.Nai seems to be relatively unknown despite the quality, which I'm both totally fine with and also hoping they get more visibility because they really deserve it. All in all, the food is 4 stars for me but there's just something about this place that's so feel good and homey it makes me bump it up to 5 stars and excited to come back.
#REVIEW#Great place i highly recommend. 9pm reservation and was seated at 920pm. The 930pm show started a little later which was perfect for the group as a whole. They were trying to sit people down in the entire 2nd floor for the show, again, worked out perfectly. Be prepared to sit close to people, it's NY, places are small and they have to fit people in. I recommend making a reservation to get a good view of the flamenco show (2nd floor). They open up the dinner with bread and garlic aoil. Then they take your order. Everything comes in moderate times. They space everything out and time it great so you are not bombarded with plates. It's a Spanish cuisine so we ordered a pitcher of white sangria ($32). The shrimp in garlic is one of the best I've ever had, we ordered another. The skirt steak was good but needed a little more seasoning (I'm not knocking this at all, very good). The potatoes in someType of aoli sauce, i highly recommend to have some type of carb. The sea bass is good, only issue, is that it comes in 2 little pieces, not really good for a group of 4 but it was mentioned by the server. The show is great too. It's always nice to experience something different and this place is something different Churros & coconut flan for dessert
#REVIEW#I've been to their old location on first ave many, many times but I went tonight for the first time to this location and it's such a nice space! I think the food is even better now than it was and it was already my absolute favorite tapas restaurant! My friends and I ordered so many random things and every single one was incredible! The salmon dish was exciting though because they took a flame to it but I don't think you could pick a bad item.They also have flamenco dancers and music on Thursday and Saturday nights, which was so fun!
#REVIEW#My overall impression is all dishes are generally good. Customer service is also good as they tried to accommodate last minute changes to the seating arrangement.There are several highlights to our meal:- pork belly with brussel sprout is very good. I felt that the brussel sprouts is elevated in this dish- Portobello mushroom with truffle oil and cheese, very memorable dish- Chilean seabass has a nice crispy texture on the outside. Seabass is soft but i think it's flavor is slightly overpowered by the crispy exterior. My friends like this though. Small portion though.- fideua Paella served on the cone is really interesting and moist. Good portion as well.Below are other dishes that are also worth mentioning.- chicken croquettes are pretty good. - Pulpo boiled octopus is very soft but I would prefer grilled octopus over it- Patatas and skirt steak has good portion- Gambas shrimps are decent but not that memorableTried two shangrias in pitcher and they are good value as it's 30$ for a pitcher. However, I can't taste the alcohol
#REVIEW#Honestly this place was adorable. I came here with my mom and boyfriend on a Thursday night @ 7:45 pm. They have a flamenco show on thursdays at 7:30 my original reservation was at 7:30 but we were late to the reservation but they were super nice about it and saved us our table anyways. We got there and got seated right away, the flamenco show started obviously. The dishes sounded pretty unique and I got really excited because I love Spanish tapas. I went to Spain to study abroad and could never find tapas similar to the ones I had at Spain. It's so hard to find authentic tapas in New York, pretty much impossible. The tapas were not traditional at all, all had their own twist to it. A lot of the tapas were fried, I wish it wasn't because you can kind of taste the old oil they used to fry all the previous items that are also deep fried. The menu didn't say that the dish was going to be deep fried either. We ordered, the croquette jamon, I think it was a tad too creamy and the spicy mayo dip was not unique at all so it was a disappointment. We also had the Serrano jamon and cheese plate, that was a pretty good start to our meal. Also had the steak sandwich, Japanese inspired but it just tasted like butter and mayo in the sandwich. We also ordered the sea bass, which was a must get on their menu. But the crust that was also deep fried was just not good, it was drenched with oil and as I mentioned tasted like the rest of the food that was dumped into the oil. The one thing I did like was the paella pasta, it was unique and although I'm not a fan of pasta, it worked. Food aside, the ambiance was amazing, just the ambiance and the show was worth going urself. The staff was super friendly and tentative. They told us if we didn't like something we can always exchange it for something else but it seemed rude to do obviously, because they seemed to really be proud of their food.The restaurant has high potential but definitely needs chefs that care more about the flavors their presenting to their customers and not use basic dipping sauces like spicy mayo for almost all their dishes
#REVIEW#This place is outstanding - my friend and I were very impressed! Service was excellent and the food was even betterPatatas bravas were so good - chock full of flavor and cooked in a unique spicy tomato sauce!empanadillas de carne were cooked to perfection - crispy outer pastry and marinated beef with olives in the inside.The octopus was delicious...but warning it is a bit slimy(?) in texture, kind of in between raw and lightly sauteed. The chilean sea bass is definitely a must - not only do you get the natural fats and flavor of the fish, but it is also wrapped in toasted and topped off with ham and asparagus....it was a wonderful harmony. The pork belly likewise was amazing - melts in your mouth and the candied pecans were a nice pairing without making the dish sweet. Would definitely come back to try some more!
#REVIEW#Wow is the first word that comes to mind when i think of Nai Tapas. This was my first time coming here and my first time at a Spanish Tapas spot!  Nai Tapas has very rustic theme but its beautifully decorated with different designed chairs and tables gives it a homey touch. Service was great from the moment you walk in to the moment you leave, servers are very attentive making sure that your glass of water is filled and your wine glass too.Food:Barriga de Cerdo ( Pork belly with carrot cream with candid pecans) Those candid pecans though i wish i could take a bag of them home. But the pork belly and the carrot cream work great together and the pork belly was cooked perfectly. Lubina ( Lubina wrapped in crispy bread and the asparagus on top is wrapped with Serrano ham) this was great with the perfect combination of crunchy and softness of the fish.Great flavor.Pulpo a la Gallega (traditional octopus) they make it just like they would in Spain so if you want to try something traditional this would be something to order. Now dont expect the octopus to be crunchy because this is prepared different where its soft. It has great flavor and a unique texture. Pollo a la Brasa has to be one of my favorite dishes of the night the chicken chunks have so much flavor on its own but the other toppings like the seaweed, sauces on the side just enhanced the flavors to another level. Magical!Churros Rellenos just the perfect amount of sweetness. warm and soft yet have a crunch. Delicious! Tarta de Santiago: I didn't try it but my husband finished his in a blink of an eye so i can assume it was great.Wine: Botani:(white wine)if you like sweet wine this is for you. I love sweet wine just a great taste!Rayos y Uvas: (Red Wine) this is a more of a full bodied wine.Overall if you are looking for a traditional Spanish Tapas place this would be for you. Great services and great food what more can you ask for ?! Will definitely be back and this time i will not eat so much of the complementary bread so i have room to try the patatas bravas, shrimps and steak!
#REVIEW#This is definitely the hidden gem in the city! I don't normally write an review but this restaurant is just too good! Staffs are super friendly, we were greeted once we arrived.Started off with the Sangria drinks, they offer more than the traditional wine flavour, but also mango, tropical flavours etc. We were told that the dishes are small plates thus for 2 people we ordered 5 dishes and it was perfect!Have to point out the short rib tempura, and sea bass! These are the MUST when you visit here! The taste is so much different than any other foods that I had before! The just perfectly cooked sea bass is wrapped in a crunchy toasted skin, topped with asparagus and Serrano ham. Completely in love with the spicy avocado sauce that was paired with the braised short rib tempura!!The pork belly looks to be one of their most popular dishes, I personally think the meat was cooked a little bit too much as it tasted a bit dry (not the belly bit), but overall it worked out great together with the pecans! Worth a try. The octopus was softly boiled, the texture is not chewy but soft, I guess not everyone can accept this but I like it! After that we had their dessert of the day, a pudding tasted like creme brûlée. Overall this is definitely one of my favourite restaurants in the city and will for sure visit again!
#REVIEW#My friends and I came here with a reservation as a group of 5 people on a weeknight. I was the first one there, and the staff were still pretty attentive despite no one else being there. I don't eat a lot of meat, and one of the others in our party is vegetarian, so as we looked over the menu, we noted that there were vegetarian options to appease us, but the majority of them were smaller dishes. As we didn't have big appetites, about 2 dishes each of the vegetarian dishes was enough to satiate us, but this might not be the case for the other people. I had Brussels sprouts, and two pieces of bacon wrapped croquettes on toast with cucumber and cheese. The latter was delicious, albeit meat heavy, while the former was less so. The ambience is cute and quaint, and they had live flamenco on the night we were there, which was perfect to drink wine and listen to. Would not recommend this place for vegetarians, though the food is decent.
#REVIEW#Nai: mother [in Gallego, the language in Galicia, Spain].Situated on the corner of 5th Street and 2nd Avenue in East Village of New York, Nai Tapas has shifted into its current address from a smaller spot nearby on First Avenue, the original restaurant location that opened back in 2010. Helmed by the Galicia-native Chef, Ruben Rodriguez, the tapas restaurant is based off of something internal and deep within; his childhood and the exposure to the restaurant life since he was a kid, growing up at his mother's restaurant in Spain and how it all became a part of his lifestyle, eventually fueling his culinary process. Inspired by his grandmother and nai's traditional homemade Galician recipes that focused on traditional tapas, he set out on his own journey to experiment and create a modern tapas menu; one that showcases the standard but also perfectly and creatively marrying it with techniques of molecular gastronomy and adding in his own ideas and imagination of a contemporary twist. The restaurant is also a reflection of the development and amplification of his creativity and artistry.Upon walking into the eatery, you get a rustic and calm feeling through its interior design and use of materials for décor. However, there is still a cozy aspect of the overall space that makes it rather warm and is able to create an enjoyable ambiance for a great dining experience. The large and wide span of storefront window and glass opens up to Second Avenue, exposing the restaurant entirely and revealing its use of raw cement walls and various metals like copper hung on walls around the space. There are also artwork and sculptures from the original Nai location, and even an aerial view of the chef's mother's restaurant in Spain. It somehow truly reflects and symbolizes the purity and rawness of Chef Rodriguez's childhood memories and culinary ideas; rustic/simple yet very warm - like that of something pure from within and really close to the heart.The featured menu at Nai Tapas is divided into Tapas Modernas and Tapas Tradicionales, all curated to be shared amongst the guests. To start from the list of modern tapas, the Carpaccio de Portobello, Bocados de Salmon, Tostada de Lubina, Almejas a la Brasa and many more are great options. The Carpaccio de Portobello is extremely light, despite the fact that the mushrooms are marinated in truffle oil and topped with manchego cheese. The truffle oil gives each bite a charming aroma, tempting you to keep eating. The marcona almonds provided a crunch, contrasting the texture of the mushrooms. It is served beautifully, spread across a big plate, resembling an artistic painting of the ground in the springtime, covered with greens and white flower petals.The Bocados de Salmon is seared salmon over saffron rice with aioli gratin. The salmon is torched right before your eyes, so the aroma of the salmon oil hits you immediately. The salmon oil fills the rice with the just right amount of moisture and flavor. The natural flavor of the salmon still shines through the smokiness from the torching and the aioli balances the overall combined taste. The Tostada de Lubina is a glazed Chilean sea bass wrapped in toast and topped with Serrano ham asparagus. The toast gives the bite the crunch it needs to contrast with the soft texture of the fish, but also complement each other at the same time. The balsamic vinegar reduction wraps up the bite and clears up your palate. The Almejas a la Brasa, broiled clams is a simple and refreshing break. The fresh scraping of lemon zest and the placing of the cilantro and yuzu over the clams are all done in front of you.If you wish to stick with more modern tapas, the Basmati beet rice with manchego cheese, truffle Portobello and poached egg, (Arroz de Remolacha) pork belly with candied pecans and yucca chips over carrot cream, (Barriga de Cerdo) and broiled sweet mustard marinated chicken thighs with tobiko, seaweed and champagne pickled shallots (Pollo a la Brasa) are a must try as well. The Pollo a la Brasa is presented step by step, like a painting at the guests' dining table. The finished product is a work of art, visually appealing and appetizing with the use of different colors from the sauces across the board.  The Rabo Guisado is served in a small pot with braised oxtail and potatoes. This dish hits the spot because of its resemblance to a home cooked dish. The oxtail is full of flavors and the sauce almost makes this dish a stew instead, but can be perfectly served over rice or dipped with bread.Every dish is enjoyable, from its aesthetics to its aromas to its taste. Absolutely a feast for all senses, each one as a separate and unique art piece showcased in front of your eyes. The delicious scents from each one tackle you during the presentation of the dish, even before you consume it. And when you do, you are greeted with countless surprises in flavors, taking you on a tour from one tapa to the next.
#REVIEW#Why didn't I come here sooner?! Nai Tapas Bar was a suggestion from a friend and fellow Yelper and I'm so glad she shared this wonderful spot with me. This location is set to move soon so be on the lookout for their new location. You don't want to miss out on this delicious food. The menu is unique and fun to look at. It's hand written by the chef with side notes about each dish. Read the notes! They will guide you through the menu. Our group ordered a little bit of everything to get a taste of what Nai had to offer and we were not disappointed. We came in at a good time when the place wasn't packed so service was quick. Our waitress took our order promptly and had our our first order of tapas within 20-25min. I love that the bring out the food as each order is made so you can eat a little at a time and enjoy it while it's super hot and fresh. The happy hour Sangria is a must try. They have different flavors I have never heard of anywhere else like Blueberry Pomegranate Champagne! This flavor was my favorite! For food choice, I recommend the beef empanadas. They are served in portions of 4 or 6. Each one has a nice thick crust and is stuffed with the perfect amount of flavorful beef. Drizzled with a little sauce from the shrimp platter we ordered - it was perfection. I ate more than I should have but I could not let any go to waste. Be sure to order some of the croquettes as well. They are served with some kind of amazing sauce that was so good! I really should have asked more questions about what I was eating but I was enjoying myself too much to stop and do the research. At least I have an excuse to go back again and get more info. Overall, great food and a great dining experience. Thank you Nai staff for your friendly and quick service!
#REVIEW#This is the best tapas I've had thus far.Visiting from Atlanta and having been to several different tapas restaurants, my expectations were high.My friend who is a local and fairly regular customer here recommended we give it a try !So here we are, a party of 3 enjoying 7 tapas.We tried 7 different tapas:- pollo a la brasa: broiled sweet mustard chicken thighs with tobiko, seaweed, and champagne pickled shallots. YUMMY ! The presentation of this was beautiful & they decorate it beside the table.A picture of this will be attached. The taste was something I've never had before. Dip the chicken in all the sauces that come on the plate, taste buds explode.- bocados de salmon: seared salmon with alioli gratin. This was the first of the tapas to come out. They sear the salmon at the table.The salmon was extremely juicy, fresh, & plump.- bruselas con lacon: if you like Brussels sprouts, you must try this! This has pork belly in a spicy mustard alioli topped with fresh apples in an orange emulsion. - ravioli de calabacin: grilled zucchini stuffed with goat cheese topped with a bacon date ... SAY WHAT ! This is also a must try. The different flavors that this has gave my tongue a shock. The goat cheese pulled all the different flavors together. Just hearing the different ingredients in this one makes you feel confused but wow ! It was a trip.- gambas al ajillo: you can't go wrong with shrimp in garlic sauce! Shrimp is between small-medium in size and was really juicy!- patatas Bravas: nothing too special about this one. Potatoes were slightly dry. Sauce was good ! (I think I would've enjoyed their patatas alioli better, which is potatoes in creamy garlic alioli)- the last one we got was a mistake they accidentally brought to our table. I'm not sure what it's called but it had a quail egg fried on top & it was good ! Unfortunately, I couldn't get a pic of everything. I was too distracted with how good everything was.The servers were attentive to our needs and never had to ask for anything.
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. I love everything about this restaurant. The food is superb,the service is great, and the decor is very unique. Also, the flemingco dance is so exciting. There's no better way to spend Thursday night.
#REVIEW#Went here with a friend to check out a new spot in the neighborhood. It was a Thursday night, but we were able to be seated at one of the tables downstairs right away.We were pretty hungry, so we decided to split a few dishes:Bruselas con lacon (4 stars): This dish was good--though it was a lot heavier than I was expecting with the spicy mustard aioli. Decent size though and plenty of pork belly.Tostada de lubina (4.5 stars): This dish was great--fish was cooked perfectly and the asparagus and ham were tasty also. Not sure they quite worked together, but separately they were delicious.Fideua (4 stars): This was probably my least favorite dish of the night as it was a bit too salty for my liking, but my friend (who loves salty dishes) said it was his favorite.Costilla tempura (5 stars): This dish was perfect--great flavor and plenty of meat. Definitely a must order.Rabo guisado (5 stars): This was another excellent dish as the meat was super tender and just fell off the bone. Sort of similar to the costilla in flavor and texture.Almond cake (3.5 stars): This dish was cooked well, I just thought that the flavor was a little lacking--very light.Crème brulee (5 stars): This dish was super tasty and the tableside torching of the crème was a fun way to end the meal.Overall, this place is new to the area, but has been running these dishes out of the kitchen for years. The food is exquisite and the plating is exceptional--so many combinations of flavors that were unique and worked well together. In addition, the service we experienced here was top notch--like some of the best that we've had. The manager came to our table several times and actually brought out a few dishes from the kitchen for us to try without even ordering them. Furthermore, the dishes came out at a good pace and provided for an entertaining and flavorful journey from beginning to end. This place is definitely worth the price of admission and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
#REVIEW#It was really nice having my boyfriend's birthday lunch there. The chef gave us a glass of sangria for free and a small pudding cake for gift, which we were really thankful. And all the dishes are tasty. I especially like the shrimp and the potato (Sorry I can't remember Spanish name, too hard for me lol)
