#NAME#Aquagrill
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/aquagrill-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,newamerican,raw_food#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This is a review that should start with OMG!, but I won't do that.Had dinner here with a friend and can't believe I've never eaten at this fantastic SoHo seafood spot.For an appetizer we had a modified Seafood Plateau that included oysters for me and crab claw for my companion while we shared shrimp cocktail, a lobster tail, and a fun bowl of periwinkles.I had the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass, she had the Bouillabaisse, and both were perfectly prepared and excellent portions.We shared rhubarb tart for dessert that included a scoop of ricotta sorbet.  I want to use vulgarity to describe it, because it was that amazingly good.If the food isn't enough to convince you to try this place, then consider that this might be the best service I've ever gotten in a SoHo restaurant.  Everyone was attentive and friendly without being intrusive.You owe it to yourself to eat here!
#REVIEW#Aquagrill is a heaven for seafood lovers!!They have a lot of different types of oysters you can order and choose from. My favorite one has to be the Bluepoint oysters which were fresh and delicious. The servers were attentive and the food all came out at a relatively good time. I had the mushroom truffle crusted cod which was delicious and the cod was perfectly cooked. It melted away in my mouth. My fiancé had their miso glazed sea bass which he throughly enjoyed. Overall I would come back here for dinner or even just for some oysters!
#REVIEW#Easily one of the best seafood restaurants in NY.Quality food with quality service. The protected outdoors seating is nice anytime of the day. Not my cup of tea but there is a large selection of oysters. I had one and it was very fresh. For appetizers, I highly recommend either the cod cakes or crab cakes, both were a hit at the table and were devoured in seconds. The warm octopus salad was also delicious, a healthy option if you want to avoid something fried. On to the entrees, the miso glazed sea bass was my favorite. Perfectly cooked and seasoned sea bass, just the right amount of miso flavor. I do think there could've been less kimchi and more string beans.  The truffle crusted cod was flaky fall apart in your mouth goodness. The truffle sauce with the big hen of the wood mushroom really compliments the entire dish perfectly. I could've used one more ravioli. That seemed to be the theme, everything was so good I just wanted more. Last but not least, dessert. The caramelized mango tart is the way to go. If you are having a hard time deciding, it's the ultimate choice. The mascarpone cheese and the puff pastry topped with a little macadamia ice cream is the way to go. If you're a coconut lover, the coconut pannacotta was full of coconut flavor. While the warm apple tart is always a safe classic.
#REVIEW#Acquagrill is a well-established restaurant on the corner of Spring Street & 6th Avenue. The restaurant is quite airy during the spring and summer since they can have their doors wide open into the street side walk. While standing outside of the restaurant, one would note the comfortable busy bar with many variety of oysters sitting practically in front of you.  Whenever I am in SoHo, Aquagrill is always one of my stops regardless if I am having lunch or dinner elsewhere. They are the best when it comes to raw oysters. There are very few restaurants where one can find over twelve or more variety of oysters all fresh, cold, and properly shucked like Aquagrill. In addition, the rest of the restaurant seafood menu dish selections are also very good and fresh. And what is also impressive is that they maintain a wonderful list of fine wines which provides all together a delightful dining experience.
#REVIEW#It's understandable why this restaurant appears on most of the top or best lists including Zagat...and why it's a favorite of our friends. Thank you to D & J for introducing us to a great experience. This Soho restaurant is owned by the Marshalls -- a couple who've found a winning combination. He as chef in the kitchen;she as overseer of the wine. It's been around since 1996 and is now considered a classic. Our reservations were honored and we were seated immediately. Service throughout was very very attentive. The amuse bouche was tuna tartar served in small spoons. They give you 3 types of bread -- a corn stick with jalapeños, focaccia bread, and a slice of French baguette. After cocktails, we started with a shared order of tuna tartar. And I had an off the menu "made just for me" order of baked stuffed clams. 4 midsize clams to an order with garlic, Parmesan, and bread crumbs; the clams were chopped chunkily and served in the shell. So delish I licked the shells.For entrees, we had a couple orders of the mushroom truffle crusted cod which was served over creamed spinach. Plus a bouillabaisse with the largest prawn I've ever seen (plus shrimp, clams, mussels) in a saffron broth. And an order of baked scallops served with a crab risotto. Everything scrumptious! Desserts (we shared) were a black walnut pie and an apple tart topped with cinnamon ice cream. If you have a special occasion, this is the place to go and celebrate. Even if not, prices are inline with a good seafood restaurant. Anything you order will not disappoint.
#REVIEW#Best oysters I have ever eaten. Loved the selection, loved the fact that they printed out what oysters I ordered. So helpful as I ate them to know what was what. Fantastic server, cordial bus boys too. Atmosphere fun energetic. We walked in and sat in bar & immediately got served.
#REVIEW#Stopped by eat dinner with a friend after watched movie. This place was my friend favorite go to place for eating seafood and I tried this place for the first time. I was happy that my friend took me this place.Food(4/5)- My friend chooses our dishes and I let my friend did ordered food because I never been this place and my friend was regular here. We ordered Jonah crab claws, Kumamoto oysters, sea bass, Sauternes, grapefruit sorbet, coconut pudding, mocha caramel brûlée. We were hungry and ordered little lot of foods for two people. Jonah crab claws were good but not the best. They give some of salad when you order appetizer and I love that. It tasted fresh fruits like a korean salads. I love their Kumamoto oysters. It was really amazing fresh and tasty. If you like oysters this place has many of selections. I've eaten oysters but I could tell you that this place oysters were fantastic and top list of oyster restaurant I ever had been. Sea bass was my friend recommended dish to me but honestly I didn't like their sea bass. Sauce based on wasabi miso and it was a bit salty to me and I wanted have some of jalapeño while I eating sea bass. Probably oily to me that why I wanted some of jalapeños. I enjoyed coconut pudding but I didn't like their mocha caramel brûlée. One of my favorite dessert is caramel brûlée and I had to eat that wherever they have it. This place brûlée was deep tasted as just dark chocolate, maybe it more than dark chocolate. You like eat dessert I would recommend grapefruit sorbet. It was deadly delicious and definitely best in the area. Not too sweet and you will enjoy grapefruit sorbet even if you don't like sweets. Service(5/5)- We were this place 15mins before they closed but the waiters and waitress were friendly and served very well. They didn't made us felt uncomfortable or I didn't felt like they're hurry anything even if they passed closing time. They made sure we have everything what we need. But I wish they changed our plates more opened. Ambience(4/5)- I like this place decos. There point of interior was all of shells. It was impressed and I couldn't stop looking that. This place Morden and cozy date spot. My table was small and I wanted have little bigger table when I go back to this place.
#REVIEW#Aquagrill had been on my want-to-go-here list for awhile, and a few days ago my roommate and I had occasion to visit. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations due in large part to one thing: grit. We started out with a dozen oyster assortment, chosen by the house as we're not too versed in oyster selection and whatnot. While some were enjoyable, 3 of my 6 had grit in them. When I asked the waiter about this, they said, "Well, east coast oysters are more briny and west coast are more creamy." Okay... but should they both come with a mouthful of sand? I wrote it off as maybe those varieties or something (though I doubt it) and moved onto my main dish, the seared scallops. Everything was delicious! The crab risotto was filled with crab, and the snow peas were great. (I just wish there were more veggies to give the dish some texture contrast.) Then, I got to the last scallop which was absolutely loaded with grit. Now, I KNOW scallops aren't gritty when cleaned well. I again brought this to the attention of the waiter, who did absolutely nothing except clear the plates and ask if we wanted dessert. I will say, we almost didn't go for dessert, but we did. Had we not, this would probably be a star lower. But, that mango tart was SO good! I've never had a baked mango dessert before, so I didn't know what to expect, but it was sweet and buttery and mango forward and delicious. The bread and cookies served were also exceptionally good. Their pastry/bakery team seemed to be a few leagues above whomever does the fish prep and cooking. That said, I'm not going to return here just for dessert when Dominique Ansel is just across the street. The issues we had here also could have been addressed during the service- we let the waiter know twice. His nonchalant attitude and lack of response tells me that perhaps this is indicative of the food they serve all the time, in which case, I see absolutely no need to return.
#REVIEW#5+++++ starsI think I died and went to heaven! Aquagrill is hands-down the best seafood dining experience in the city.  I pass by often during my early evening runs and have always wanted go check it out.  Super happy that I chose this place to celebrate my birthday. * atmosphere- really enjoyed the vibe. A great place to hang out,especially during the summer. I appreciated the waiting area in the front-  instead of having additional tables, they have nice seating* service- from the moment we walked in the service was warm and friendly. We were waiting for someone running late for our reservations and they offered us drinks and water while we waited. Our server during our meal was attentive and genuine without being overbearing. Every establishment needs to have servers like him. We overstayed a bit (so sorry) but they were accommodating and polite in letting us know about other patrons waiting for our table* food- oysters were the best I've tasted. Large variety and once again the server did an amazing job recommending a great selection. The focaccia was my favorite of the selections of breads. I had the grilled bronzino as the main entree and it was light and perfectly seasoned. I could have licked the plate if I could. We only ordered 2 desserts but they sent over a third one for our birthday. I had a berry (rhubarb?) crumble pie with ice cream and it was divine. The wines my uncle had all smelled beautiful.Even if you're not celebrating anything I would definitely recommend coming here for the experience.
#REVIEW#Place is amazing but waiting time is ridiculous. We made a reservation for  6:45 and were seated around 8:00pm and I'm talking about in the middle of the week not weekend! Since 5-6 more groups were waiting along the side and a tiny place for waiting was packed as well as all bar space was taken we end up waiting outside...thank you for the weather...otherwise my boyfriend was about to march out at list 4 times.Now about the service... waiters were extremely knowledgeable and experienced, but they were given too many tables to serve all at once and even they kept that "waiter smile" on,  it still didn't help, when they have to pass our table while we have been asking for something for a while, trying either to get an order, bring the order or answer some questions at another tables.Yes, at night when it became half empty they were able to give us more attention, but still... Should I recommend to hire more waiters for the busiest hours during the weekdays and weekends... not really since it's pretty tight already and a busboy managed to spill some oily liquid from the tray, filled with dirty dishes while passing by, trying to give some space to a waiter, who was carrying tray with drinks from the bar, on a gentlemen suite. That scene was a perfect scene for a movie...a gentleman in suite was enjoying his lobsters. He spend 20 min. covering himself with dozen napkins and protecting tissues before getting his first Lobster tail in his hands. He was having a long conversation with a lady, who was seating  at the opposite site of the table on the sofa and look kind of bored with his story. While he was all cozy, safe and protected from lobster juice and deep into conversation, he was showered from the side with some dirty oily liquid and his well build napkins protection couldn't safe him. He was fuming, angry and frustrated when three waiters rushed to his side, trying to help him with getting his jacket cleaned. But on the opposite side of the table somebody was having fun...his date's eyes lead up at once, while just a min ago she was struggling not to fall asleep listening to his boring stories, and  now she was completely awake and enjoying herself, trying really hard not to burst into long and hard laughter. Now about food... it's a perfect size menu where you don't have to spend an hour study it and go back since it's so long that you already forgot half of the dishes that you wanted to order an hour ago. Every dish on the menu is amazingly delicious and no matter what you will order will make your mouth sing from pleasure. Since portions are pretty much one person size we were able to taste half of the menu and were pleasantly surprised with taste of every dish.Everything was exquisite, nicely presented and decorated and totally not filling, since very little butter or oil was used for sauces and meal preparation, showing a true talent of the Chef.Almost forgot to mention...We all  loved Oysters, they were very fresh and joyful! Yes, will be coming back for 9pm reservation this time!
#REVIEW#This "off-the-beaten-path" small seafood restaurant is a great place. It's very cozy and intimate. When you enter the building there is a long bar with a vitrine with over 20 different oysters all freshly opened by the specialized staff.  The main courses are good - very fresh ingredients but pretty standard presentations and rather limited. The black sea bass special was presented with mushrooms and roasted carrots on a bed of caramelized risotto.
#REVIEW#Best and fresh oysters as always. Come early because the place gets packed in a hurry. Couldn't get myself to give it 5 stars because I was offered salmon tartare on a potato chip. The saltiness of the chip took away the salmon fabric....
#REVIEW#The seafood here is amazing. We splurged on the seafood platter and it included the freshest oysters, clams, lobster, cockles, and conch. There were 5 people in our party and there was plenty to share. The entrees were good too (I had scallops) but the most unique item was the mussel soup. It had a touch of curry and was creamy, briny and so satisfying.
#REVIEW#Very nice place. Three of us came for my husband's birthday brunch. Food was very good and portions were very generous. The menu selection is huge and service is very good as well. I got crab Benedict and it was very tasty. Everyone was satisfied with the food. It did not take long to get food. Also, they have fresh squeezed juices. I definitely recommend this place.
#REVIEW#The oysters taste like the ocean- as they should, but we all know all oysters in other restaurants don't taste like the ocean. I had all west coast oysters. Awesome! The small oysters (I forget the name) were a different texture but still good. There was definitely ocean salt water sliding down my throat And they shuck the oysters as soon as you order- not hours before. Def makes a difference.Tuna Tartar was good. Wish there was more on the plate- for some reason that's the status quo. My boy had salmon- he loved itThe CRAB CAKES were sooooookooo good. Like really really good . Overall the mean was awesome, we tried about 6 different oysters. The bill was loco- but worth it. Our waitress was on point, knowledgeable about all the oysters, menu and everything came out as asked. I'll be back
#REVIEW#Amazing! We walked in with a party of 8 (4 of which were kids), no reservation and they went out of their way to get us seated. The Chilean sea-bass was out of this world and the shrimp corn chowder was perfection. Can not say enough about the amazing service. The general manager even took the time to write out places we should take the kids and helpful websites. Will definitely be back the next time we are in town!
#REVIEW#My husband and I had dinner at Aquagrill on Friday and had a wonderful experience. All our entrees were cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. We sat at the bar and Ashley and Teddy were exceptional.
#REVIEW#We had a lot of great meals on this trip but none better than our lunch at Aquagrill. We started w oysters and crab claws, then had a sautéed bay cod dish that was out of this world. Will return next trip for sure!
#REVIEW#Ambience:4 Food:5 Service:4 Value:5 Return:5Fun and Casual is this fabulous seafood restaurant.  Appreciating Brian so much for his calmness on the phone, by accommodating my reservation to be 45 minutes later on a busy Friday night, for my flight was delayed and heavy traffic into Manhattan-TY!Once there and seated, for appetizers: beautifully shucked "Oysters";  deliciously garlicky, hard-to-pry-into sea snails "Periwinkles"; sweet and tart mango sauce over a "Soft Shell Crab". - As for the entrees, wonderful was the "Sea Scallops"; bit too salty was the "Miso-Glazed Sea Bass"; and, the dish I'll come back for is their phenomenal "Truffle Crusted Casco Bay Cod" ++++++ a true wowzer!Service was good except for our table needing to constantly ask for additional drinks from their impressive wine list and refills of their yummy breads. Still, a wonderful time we all had and when I think of casual and great seafood, I'll think of here!CHEERS!
#REVIEW#Came here with a huge group for brunch. Loved the food! The service was a bit overwhelmed for such a large group, but they tried to be on top of everything and answered every request.I had oysters, delicious and meaty. The Manhattan clam chowder ($10) was outstanding. It was a delicious broth (not creamy like other clam chowders) with veggies (celery, onions, potatoes) and minced clams. The grilled Atlantic salmon ($28) with falafel crust over hummus and cucumber tomato salad (lemon coriander vinaigrette) was spot on too! Great flavors, filling, yet not too heavy. 100% recommend for any person that wants a different twist on their salmon. I tried a bit of the Lobster sandwich (off-menu) and was lovely! Light on mayo, you could taste the lobster was super super fresh.Will need to be back for dinner. They have a lovely area al-fresco too.
