#NAME#Taim West Village
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/taim-west-village-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegetarian,sandwiches,falafel#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#I really enjoyed my falafel sandwich here! The location is extremely small so you sit at a counter or you take it to go. The falafel here is very moist and smaller so it's easier to bite into. As soon as I took my first bite, I thought that it was such a delicious falafel. I felt that the pricing was fair and each bite was filled with a different flavor of mint. I really enjoyed this. I saw the baklava ($3) and I was tempted! Looked delicious!
#REVIEW#Best spot in the west village for a quick eat imo.There is a simple bar seating inside and the workers there are nice and efficient. What more can you ask for. The food is (kinda) healthy (at least that's what I tell myself) and is really good! I used to walk by on the way to workout and it definitely lets me have the endurance to keep going without making me bloated.I usually get the pita pocket and you can customize it as well. There's also platters as well. Their hummus is really good too.
#REVIEW#Still the absolute best falafel shop in the Western Hemisphere. Their falafels are always piping hot, and you get a choice of several actual falafel flavors - most falafel shops only have one kind of falafel ball. And Taim always has the crunchiest pickles, the tastiest tangy toppings, the richest hummus, and coolest tahini.A little more $ than say, Mamoun's, but in terms of taste and looks, Taim is a truly grade A, best of breed, top tier falafel experience.Not overrated in the slightest. I would happily wait twice as long and pay twice as much for this food.
#REVIEW#I finally made it to beloved taim falafel in the West Village & ordered a falafel platter so I could make my own sandwich- this is only a fraction of the enormous amount of food handed to me.
#REVIEW#Another great Yelp find for an out of town visitor! Found Taim when our hunger hit after walking around the west village and it did not disappoint. I'm not a biggest fan of Mediterranean food but Taim hit it out of the park. We got the harissa falafel in a pita, and side of pita and hummus, and the lemonade. The falafel was amazing, the flavor was great and it was moist in the middle. The hummus was rich and creamy!
#REVIEW#What a gem. Tucked away, hidden among residential buildings, enjoying its quiet little corner away from the busy streets of the west village. But the place is still so busy! The house special falafel in pita I got tastes wonderful--truly the best falafel I've ever had. Crispy on the outside, creamy and soft inside. The veggies were not over-pickled. The amount of sauce was just right. All the execution is just perfect! This is basically a takeout place. There are only 5 seats in the shop.
#REVIEW#I have a hummus craving every other week because of this joint.It's a tight space, but go by yourself and enjoy a quick lunch.I love the sabich here. It's so filling and delicious. I love the crunch the cabbage gives the sandwich and I love the warm pita.It's delicious and I am a big fan of Taim.This is my favorite place in New York to get hummus.
#REVIEW#Wow wow wow. West Village is spoiled by this joint! Completely in awe of Taim's ability to dole out so many quality meals in such a short amount of time. This small nook is mainly meant for to-go, and service is fast and generally friendly. Menu is on display on a large board right as you walk in for easy ordering. On a weekday lunch, the place was clearly packed but I was able to get my food within 10 minutes of ordering. My harissa falafel with amba and pickled onions was absolutely phenomenal. The tomato, cucumber, pickled cabbage and onion are all very lightly dressed to give a good backdrop to their juicy, savory, and slightly spicy harissa falafel. The amba dressing was on point- the savory fenugreek hits you immediately, followed by sweet undertones of mango. Their pita was everything I wanted it to be- perfectly crispy on the outside while still retaining its spongy, chewy interior. I'd recommend rotating the pita 90 degrees and eating it sideways, since they mainly front load the falafel in the sandwich. Overall, this place truly lived up to the hype- will definitely be back to try the sabich and other menu options.
#REVIEW#Mezze platter + add falafels (5) totaled about $14, it was expensive for the portion and taste.I loved the harissa falafel. The beets were too iron-ey and plain for my tastes.
#REVIEW#The falafel is tasty and the prices are reasonable.It's just a pity it's so far away.
#REVIEW#Delicious Falafel!I absolutely love street eats and in my search of quality affordable dining experiences I stumbled upon this little hole in the wall. They offer basic menu options- and I think that is what makes this place successful! They aren't bound down by 100 menu items- they have a few options and they do them in an amazing way! My falafel had a slight taste of charcoal which I'm not a fan of- but I know it is just my personal preference. The falafel was very flavorful- a good crunch behind the balls- soft and warm on the inside. Overall a good meal for under $10 that fills you up.Place to sit? Yes but some benches outside and inside, small place.Free water to drinkBathroom- NOService- friendlyLove it or dump it-Love it- I recommend this for a interesting and delicious VEGETARIAN meal.
#REVIEW#Long of the short, I thoroughly enjoy this hole in the wall spot in the village. Ive been going to Taim for years and have never had a bad meal. Everything is fresh, quick and responsibly priced. The staff is always pleasant and efficient. The falafel and hummus' are key in my opinion. I enjoy the pita bread and tomato salad. But everything is worth the try. Next visit I'll order the baklava. This spot is hidden by building/street construction but not hard to find. Street parking is available and there are many subway options nearby. One con: There is a leaky AC unit outside the door which will spray every patron that opens it.
#REVIEW#This tiny tiny restaurant packs a powerful punch! Taim is simply the best vegan friendly, falafel sandwich making restaurant in all of NYC. Their food is consistently savory and delicious. We love this brand and what they're trying to do - provide hungry people with healthier (and very delicious) food options. We hit this location up in the West Village almost daily during our recent stay in NYC. We're longtime fans of this place and make a point of going here every chance we get.I honestly can't recommend this place any higher! Go get some of these falafels, you'll be glad you did.
#REVIEW#Taim, Taim, Taim...they always do right by me. Their dishes always fill me up and really make me so happy. If you want a really good on-the-run falafel place, you should go there. I wish I went more often. This spot had great service and my meal was prepared in a timely manner. I recommend getting the green falafel pita with an egg. It's absoutley mouth watering every time I get it.
#REVIEW#I go here a few times a week. The Sabich (fried eggplant) in a pita with the amba sauce & tahini & pickles is absolutely perfect.
#REVIEW#Lovely takeout place, located in the west village. The restaurant itself is very small but great for take out. Staff are always friendly. Tip: everything here is vegetarian.Taim servers both smoothies and falafel. They recently also started serving cauliflower shawarma. It was to die for!I ordered the falafel platter and a side of shawarma. The platter comes with pickles, peppers, hummus, Israeli salad and couscous salad. The falafel was perfectly cooked and extremely fresh.Would highly recommend this place.
#REVIEW#I'm a hard to please vegetarian- not because I'm picky or b*tchy. I just appreciate flavorful vegetarian food that is paired with things you'd actually want to eat. With that said... the Harissa Falafel pita has to be the best falafel I've ever had; dare I say, better than Mamouns. The falafel balls, Israeli salad, sauce, peppers, pickles, pita- everything was great! I find that while hummus and other toppings paired with pita sandwiches are great, I don't appreciate a dry falafel sandwich. This was equal parts falafel, veggies, pickles, and sauce. All of it was mouth watering! Not to mention- the service was great too! Quick joints are usually rushing patrons and giving quick answers; not these guys! Super friendly and nice, even when they are packed. Check it out
#REVIEW#As soon as I walked into this small establishment, I was blown away by how delicious everything smelled. Being eager to order was an understatement.I ordered the sabich because it seemed the most unique of the sandwiches. Sliced eggplant in the shape of a patty anchored each mouthful. The egg, parsley, hummus, salad, and pickled cabbage all meshed together creating a flavorful bite. Excellent vegeterian sandwich that I'd recommend to all the meat lovers. Only 4 sitting spots total, so you might have to get your order to go.  Next time I'll have to order the platter to try the falafel.
#REVIEW#Very good Israeli style falafel and salads. Spicy falafel is worth a try. Love the beets and carrots. Vegetarian all the way.
#REVIEW#Taim is my favorite place to get a quick lunch when I'm out and about in the city. The food is healthy, fresh, and affordable, which is honestly a rare combination in New York. I usually get the green falafel sandwich, which is tasty and filling. When I come with friends, I like to get an order of fries with saffron aïoli to share! So good.
