#NAME#Il Corallo Trattoria
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/il-corallo-trattoria-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#My friend and I picked here because of the variety of squid ink pasta dishes they offered. I was pleasantly surprised by the homey, hustle and bustle environment. The whole restaurant is constantly full yet we were able to be seated within minutes of arriving.We shared a black ravioli seafood and a taglierini Sorrento. The black taglierini was basically the same sauce as the black ravioli which is why we chose the Sorrento to try instead. I would say the Sorrento was a much lighter dish in terms of flavor and cream since it's a wine sauce whereas the ravioli is a tomato cream sauce. The pasta dough is well made and we'll cooked. The seafood (mussels in particular) in the taglierini could have been cleaned a bit better, I felt some sand grit. I felt the wine sauce couldn't quite over power the fishiness of the mussels. The tomato sauce catched on the noodles better.Overall I highly recommend trying this place out! There's a lot of options on the menu, the service is prompt, food is fresh and hot, and the environment is great.
#REVIEW#Quick recap: this place is busy more often than not. Because of that service can be compromised. The food overall is decent, but the ambiance is what keeps people coming here(even tho it gets a little right in there). Good spot for a date but if you want an overall great Italian meal, might be best to go somewhere else. Ordered a plain pie and eggplant pasta. Pizza was better than the pasta, as the pasta lacked real flavor other than the cheese. No dynamic or bold flavors. The pie had a good taste but I felt it could have had a bit more cheese. Ambiance was excellent, prices were reasonable, overall a good location with decent food.
#REVIEW#I initially wanted to come here because I wanted to try the black taglierini, but upon arriving for lunch, I realized that there were a bunch of nice lunch sets available, and the taglierini was not on it. No worries, I figured I could come back again. I wound up ordering the Spaghetti Giuseppe, with the shrimp added. I don't remember what my friend got, but it was also one of the pasta dishes with the sausage. The lunch sets are $10.95 (as of June, 2019), and come with a soup/salad and a vegetarian pasta. You can choose to add chicken or sausage for + $2.50, or + $3.50 for shrimp. I would recommend adding sausage, for several reasons: it's the cheaper option, you don't get that many shrimp, and the sausage actually looked really good. The soup of the day was cream of broccoli, which was really nice.My pasta was very nice overall. It was just the right size for a lunch set, and I wasn't too full after eating it. I will say that I ordered this dish because the menu description featured garlic, but I didn't taste a strong sense of garlic- maybe this is something they could consider changing? It's 2019, and I think everyone loves garlic now. I was also happy about the fact that there were some vegetables in this dish as well. Interestingly, there is free wifi at this restaurant.
#REVIEW#Update: Il Corallo continues to impress! I tried Ravioli Porchini Mushrooms last night. The flavors were intricate and well-paired. I also got Rigatoni Padani again and LOVED it as usual.This time I tried their $20 wine special and it paired nicely with both pastas.I would definitely recommend, it's worth the wait!
#REVIEW#Beautiful, quaint restaurant with a charm that feels like you're at an Italian nonna's house in a small village. We stopped by here on a Wednesday night without reservations and were able to get a table for 2 without any problem. The restaurant was busy with a short wait to order as it seemed they had one server working the 10 or so tables. Despite this short wait (like 5 minutes) we had a fantastic experience. This is by far the least expensive Italian restaurant I've been to in NYC, with most bottles of wine being under $30 and most plates of pasta being around $15-18. This was awesome since sometimes I get tired of paying Manhattan prices for a plate of basic pasta or mass produced wine. Despite the low prices this was one of the best plates of pasta I've have in NYC! Highly recommend if you're in the Village/SoHo area!
#REVIEW#This review is for Spaghetti Vongole and Fettuccine Buttera. Spaghetti Vongole: there were like 5-6 clams, but they used canned clams as well. For me that was a turn off.. If this was a diner, I would've asked if they use real clams or canned clams. But since this is a pasta restaurant, I didn't even ask. It tasted like they cooked spaghetti and just added cooked clams and canned clams. Lacked flavor. (This is marked as their house specialty)Fettuccine Buttera: this was my husband's dish so I only had two bites. But I did not like the taste of sausage! (And so as my husband) The only good thing would be it's fresh noodles. But the flavor is again not there.Maybe, maybe, I'll come back to try different dish, but for these two dishes my review would be two stars at best.
#REVIEW#My friend is a regular here and recommended I check this place out so we came by for dinner around 7pm on a Wednesday. We were able to be seated right away but around 8pm, it got pretty busy!We started off with the Crostini Pomodoro (~$8) which was toasted bread with fresh ricotta cheese topped with fresh chopped tomatoes and basil. The cheese was super light and fresh! I recommend adding some olive oil and balsamic vinegar (on the table) on it for more flavor!For my meal, I got Fettuccine Pescatore (~$22). It included fresh fettuccine with scallops, shrimp, lobster meat, mussels, and clams. The sauce was a white wine, garlic, and olive oil sauce with Italian parsley and chopped tomatoes. I was pleasantly surprised with this dish! I must say, they do not skimp out on any of the seafood. The portion of seafood to fettuccine is spot on! The flavor is present in every bite yet not too heavy.For dessert, we decided to split the Tiramisu (~$8) and Crème Caramel (~$8). Both were delicious. We inhaled them! They're super light and not too sweet. It was a great way to end the meal.They also offer their daily special of $20 wine bottle. We got two, a white and a red. The white was a 2016 Chardonnay and the red was a 2016 Cabernet Sauvignon.All in all, it was a solid meal and the prices are fair! This is a great place to come on a date since the setting is pretty intimate. It could get a bit loud, though. Check out Il Corallo Trattoria if you get the chance!
#REVIEW#4.5 starsIl Corallo Trattoria is a SMALL Italian restaurant that serves fresh homemade pasta entrees and pizzas. I came here for dinner twice already and haven't been disappointed. I tried the Parpadelle Funghi and the Spaghetti Vongole and I definitely enjoyed both pasta dishes. The portion size are decent and I would be full by the end of the meal. The prices are pretty affordable and the pasta entrees ranges from $12 - $20. As mentioned earlier, the restaurant is small in my opinion and you could feel a bit cramped. It's best to come in pairs or groups of four people max. They don't take reservations here, but I think you can join the waitlist (via Yelp app) when the place is busy. Luckily, my boyfriend and I were seated right away during our dining experiences here.Overall, service was good and the staff was friendly. And I can't wait to comeback to try the other pasta dishes! :)
#REVIEW#Fantastic find after walking the west village and soho area looking for the perfect brunch spot on our way to the Basilica of St. Patricks Church.The dining room is pretty tight. Seating is so close, i was unable to hang my back pack on the back of my chair. Space between the table isles will only allow one person at a time. I didn't mind the lack of personal space  because everyone was chill from all sides including the wait staff. It was a friendly and happy vibe. Bread basket served upon sitting. Oil, vinegar, salt and pepper are ready at the table for dipping the warm bread. The brunch menu was very enticing with a variety of options. All brunch selections came with soup or salad both of which were delicious and plentiful.  I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my  tortellini plate and my brunch buddy cleared her fusilli dish. I would have given 5 stars if they had  bottomless brunch mimosas. The mimosas and sangrias were delicious, so delicious i forgot to take pics of the main meal. The prices were surprisingly reasonable for the portions and great service.
#REVIEW#Great lunch option in Soho with very reasonable prices and solid classics.  Most are under $12 and the portions are filling.  They have everything from paninies to pizzas to pastas to a salad but I recommend getting one of the pastas which come with a dressed side salad.  1. The rigatoni pomodoro is a solid classic with tender pasta in a savory tomato basil sauce.  Be sure to ask for extra Parmesan!2. The taglierini pesaro is a great seafood option with calamari, peas, and sun-dried tomato in a light and savory white wine garlic sauce.  The sauce is very solid and remnants are a great dip for the accompanying read.3. The pizza rustica with eggplant, zucchini, and mushrooms is a nice personal-sized thin-crust with a slightly charred crust.  Service is friendly and there is open-window seating in the late Spring/Summer.  A nice hidden gem in Soho!
#REVIEW#Great spot near the Chelsea neighborhood. By far the busiest place, and cheapest, I went to while in NY (for Italian). The food was fresh and delicious. The service started out slow but as soon as someone was at the table the rest of the experience was great. Worth a go when in the area!
#REVIEW#Thank you yelpverse for pointing me towards this lovely little Italian joint in the village. Felt like indulging in some good Italian food this past saturday and finding a spot in New York City is hard, not for lack of options but because in my experience Italian restaurants tend to be overpriced or mediocre or both. Luckily, ICT is neither. What really stood out for me about their menu was the abundance of vegetarian friendly items. A lot of times, as a vegetarian you have to specifically ask for dishes to be made sans meat for lack of menu options, which may take away from the intended flavor. However, at ICT we were spoiled for choice with a variety of pastas, pizzae and antipasti.They also have a $20 special bottle of red and white wine everyday. We decided to go with the red of the day which was a spanish cab. Paired it with the burrata which was rich and creamy as hoped.For the entrées went with the spinach ravioli and rigatoni padani which came in a vodka style creamy tomato sauce along with roasted mozzarella. They list is as one of their house specialties and for good reason because it was absolutely delish. Despite gorging on the pasta we managed to make room for the delectable tiramisu for dessert. We were not disappointed. The service was prompt and friendly. All in all a fantastic saturday dinner experience. Minimal frills. Minimal fuss. Just a delicious meal. Highly recommended.
#REVIEW#I have been coming to Il Corallo Trattoria for a number of years--and with 1-3 other friends. I was there last Friday evening. I was disappointed. It was 90 degrees outside and as I sat in the front sitting area, there was some A/C, but the main dining area where I was seated, there was no A/C. A friend called up later and the manager said there definitely was A/C. There wasn't. The front doors were all opened, as diners were dining outside. For those of us close to the front, it was very warm in spite of the fans. I was sweating profusely as was the diner at the next table. The waiters were attentive but racing around. And, truthfully, the Fettuccine with Bolognese Sauce was okay, but lacked any true flavor. A dish that could have been incredibly flavorful was bland. I will give this restaurant another chance, but it was not up to snuff when my friends and I were there last Friday.
#REVIEW#Let me start off and say that the service at this place is great. The servers and hostess are interested in your business and it shows, wether genuine or not, good service is always welcomed. Alright, now the food ! I ordered the tube pasta with tomato sauce and basil off the lunch menu. I also added sausage for 2dollars. It was literally penne pasta with simple tomato sauce topped with basil. Oh yeah, and the sausage I paid for. Literally just ground meat... like what ???!!! Okay the worst part!! My pasta was uncooked and had little to no flavor at all. Don't believe the hype about the taste.
#REVIEW#My new favorite spot to get my pasta fix! This is the kind of safe choice when you take your family or friends from out of town to because everyone will find something for themselves on this expanded menu. You'll be lost in TONS of pasta and pizza and entrée. Start off right with the Burrata Salad - very fresh burrata cheese with arugula and roasted tomato halves in balsamic vinaigrette. My go-to entrée is the Taglierini Sorrento - seafood with squid ink pasta. They are very generous with the portion here. Every time my dish came with a lot of seafood - lobster meat, crabmeat, shrimp, clams, mussels, baby scallops... and chunks of tomatoes. The light white wine sauce can be a bit salty when you get to half of the dish but it often be like that when it comes to seafood which is fine to me. As I said there's something for everyone here. My friend who likes creamy sauce got the Bow Pasta with creamy chicken, avocado and peas and the other friend who prefers tomato sauce got the Capellini Corallo - seafood in tomato sauce with angel hair pasta. They loveee their dishes. I've tried their dessert menu a few times and my pick would be the Frozen Peach Sorbet - peach ice cream inside a frozen peach fruit - my dream literally. The price is very reasonable. Lovely staff. The vibe is casual enough to go with friends and family but cozy enough for a date!
#REVIEW#The food here is delicious and plentiful. I came on a Friday evening and had to wait about 45 minutes. My friends and I got a bottle of wine for $20. They have daily specials on wine for $20 a bottle with a choice of red or white. For the entree, we had the goat cheese ravioli, the seafood pizza and the squid ink pasta. The pasta was delicious and comes topped with so much seafood! The goat cheese ravioli was comforting to the soul and really good. However, my favorite was the pizza surprisingly! The dough was chewy and I'm not sure exactly what it was but it was just so good. It comes topped with lobster and scallops and I could not stop eating the pizza! I would definitely come back to try the other pizzas and pastas on their menu!
#REVIEW#Our son and daughter in law recommended this place.  We had a wonderful dinner and the service was great.  I ordered the Brinzini with risotto and it was fantastic!  They served it with shrimp and  and mussels on the side of the plate.  Was special.  My husband had the capetelli with sausage and broccoli rabe, he loved it.  We had a salad that was ample for three to share and we had the burrata appetizer as well.  Lovely meal with the best table in the house right by the outside!  Could not have been happier!
#REVIEW#OMG!  Oh My Goodness! All Goodness!This restaurant is AMAZING! Such a trendy restaurant in SOHO on 176 Prince Street!It is bright and as soon as you walk in, you can feel the positive energy with all the hustle & bustle!The menu is LARGE!! 1. Soup of the day2. Antipasti & Insalate: 18 choices!We tried the Crostini Infornati: 2 nice size of toasted country bread slices with a mushroom tomato sauce topped with mozzarella & prosciutto! It was served warm and so scrumptious!The Green Salad was huge for only $6! A mix of arugula, endive, mesclun, fresh tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet onions with classic vinaigrette dressing!3. Pastas & Ravioli: 50 choices! So many choices and reading all the descriptions make it so hard to select which i one i wanted to try?Finally decided on Taglierini Marechiaro!!Fresh thin noodles with tons & tons of calamari , shrimp and sun-dried tomatoes in an olive oil, parsley & garlic sauce! OMG! The calamari was cooked to perfection!!! And so much of it in every bite!! Even my husband who is an excellent cook said it was cooked perfectly! I was so happy with my choice!!!4. Pizzas:19 choices. Everything you could want!Of course, we needed to try dessert!!I had this wonderful berry tart with chantilly cream. Very nice! I thought the chantilly cream would just be a dollop on top but it was layered inside!My daughtered had this frozen peach sorbet inside a friozen peach!! How incredible is that!!Btw, did i mention the excellent Lunch Specials for only $10.95. Choice of soup or small green salad with 7 choices if pasta, 4 panini sandwiches or 2 kinds of pizza!! You could try something new everyday & have a fabulous lunch!!Will try the Brunch special this Saturday!!Excited & can't wait to go back!!
#REVIEW#Guys this place is AMAZING! One of my long term goals is to eat every single pastas on the menu haha. Every single dish is just sooooo good in a different way. This place is super casual and reasonably priced for pastas. The best dishes so far are squid ink pasta Sorrento! My second favorite so far is the angel hair Carpelini Corallo. Get the antipasto mozzarella for a quick salad and yummy mozzarella. Their pastas are definitely all amazing but nothing is cooked al dente so some people might not like them as much. They have delicious cheap wines here. Their tiramisu is also amazing!! Check this place out if you're in soho. Definitely going to update this review once I try everything here!!
#REVIEW#I haven't been here in long time but I loved it in the past. I usually always get seafood pasta. I've also brought friends who liked it too.Got Tortellini lunch special comes with side salad. The salad came w mushrooms and tomatoes.Pros:Basically got three meals out of one lunch dish.Service is friendly (could be a little more attentive for lunch). Super cute decor. This my go to Italian restaurant.Cons: A little loud and service can be better for lunch. The peas and prosciutto were super hard like bricks.I'm planning to come back for dinner. I love this place basically even though lunch wasn't too enjoyable it's still really good for price and atmosphere. I feel the service is great.
