#NAME#Best Bagel & Coffee
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/best-bagel-and-coffee-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bagels,coffee,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Oh my goodness what did I eat here. The Lox Bagel was a giant monster of a bagel that easily fed two people for breakfast. As big as it was, it turned out to be a really good lox bagel that didn't feel like it was too bready or too salmon heavy. The everything bagel itself was lightly toasted, but surprisingly light and easy to chew once you took a bite. With solid pieces of smoked salmon, a healthly dallop of cream cheese, and capers that didn't fall off; it was actually hard to find any faults in this bagel. So unless you're very hungry, I'd recommend to share.
#REVIEW#This bagel shop is a close walk from Penn Station, and get's really crowded to the point where the line is out of the door! The line moves quickly due to their fast service, so do not be discouraged from coming here if the line looks way too long!I went with a Lox, with lettuce, tomato, red onions, and cream cheese on an everything bagel. These add-ons were all free, while you can pay a couple of cents extra for other premium toppings. This bagel was around 11 dollars, but worth it because they do not skimp on the salmon! They put the right amount of salmon where it does not overpower the whole sandwich. The smoked salmon has a great smokey flavor, and it does not taste fishy at all. You can tell Best Bagel uses high-quality salmon for their lox!
#REVIEW#Good food, but can be crowded. Bagels were awesome, eggs were awesome, hash browns were awesome.Word is out! Be prepared to wait for a seat!
#REVIEW#Craving a perfect bagel in New York? Look no more. Best Bagel offers classic bagels with many spreads and pretty much everything you can think of for your perfect bagel.  Basically you get to build your dream bagel, good for sharing as the size of a bagel is large. I would suggest the whole wheat everything bagel with your choice of cream cheese spread. The bagel was huge, soft and tasteful and the cold brew was strong enough to get me through the morning.The location is very convenient, really close to the Penn station! The line is long on most days but you'll have your bagel in no time. Longest I've had to wait is around 15 minutes. You won't regret it!
#REVIEW#I planned out my whole weekend in NYC and wanted to pick up bagels before the Yankees game. I went on Memorial day and they were closed!! I was so sad. Went down the block and the place did not hit the spot. I only eat bagels in NYC and therefore I was determine to get a good one. Woke up early on Tuesday morning before my friends woke up and got a bagel. WOW! So happy I did. I know everyone loves Russ & Daughters, as do I but this place is amazing and a good neighborhood feel. I got there at 8am and there was a short line. When I left, it was out the door. System is good. Once you order, there is another line to pay. It was quick, got my bagel in 5 mins. I got everything bagel with cream cheese and lox. I added capers, yum. I'm still dreaming about it. The bagel has the perfect chewiness and flavor. Best you will have.
#REVIEW#Love this place! Great, big, fresh NYC bagels! They are super busy all day but have a good system and nice the crowds through. A bagel and cream cheese will cost $5 and well worth it! No idea how many hundreds (thousands??) bagels they sell daily but it's a LOT! Their hot coffee was good too - not very strong think Dunkin. I once brought a dozen home and they were a smash hit. Today I grabbed on before a meeting. Wish we had bagels like this in CT! The morning rush show is almost worth the trip itself! I'll be back...
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday afternoon for a late lunch with my mom and grandma. My mom and I have been here before and thought the bagels here were really good for NY style bagels so decided to introduce my grandma to this. I got their Egg & Cheese sandwich on a Whole Wheat Everything Bagel. First off, I loved loved loved the texture of the bagel itself. It was very chewy yet soft, which is a top feature for a NY style bagel. However, I thought there could've been more seasoning on top of the bagel as I found the bagel itself to be a bit bland. Speaking of bland, I thought the egg and cheese filling were also quite bland. This was definitely lacking salt and pepper in the eggs and the cheese didn't really add too much flavor either, which was really disappointing! My mom also had the same complaint with her bagel sandwich (she had the egg sandwich on a blueberry bagel) so I definitely wasn't the only one.Overall, this is a nice place to get bagels but I think I'll try to find somewhere else to get my bagel fix for now.
#REVIEW#Can't ask for a better bagel spot! Bagels are so fresh and delicious. They have so many different options for spreads and different types of bagel sandwiches. There's always a line but it moves quickly. I highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Food: 3/5  price: 3/5   Service: 4/5   Ambience: 4/5Bagel with ham and cheese ($5.25) - 3/5. Really not that amazing like Yelp has claimed. Just a mediocre bagel joint. Eggs weren't as hot as I've hoped.
#REVIEW#Food: 5/5  |    Price: 4/5  |    Service: 5/5   |   Seating/Ambiance: 4/5A friend of mine swears by this spot so when in Brooklyn, I always pop in. And after 4 visits, I have yet to be disappointed. The options are endless and they really do have a superior bagel. Though the line is often long, it moves quickly. Seating is limited so its better to grab and go option.I've only ordered the BALT (bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato) and usually add egg and hotsauce. But its so good, I haven't ventured out. Love it and dream about this bagel sitch often. Try it out!
#REVIEW#When in NY, must have a bagel right?! At least that's what I had in mind. My dad and I ventured out to Best Bagel & Coffee. Luckily it was only about a 10 min walk from our hotel. When we walked up I was relieved there wasn't a line...but once I opened the door I realized I was very wrong LOL the line zig zags throughout the whole store, but luckily doesn't go too slow. We decided to split a smoked salmon bagel sandwich and bought a few others to bring back with us. The smoked salmon bagel was packed!! Would make a hearty breakfast if you ate it on your own!! Loved how the bagels were chewy yet soft...but still not overly doughy. Prices weren't bad!
#REVIEW#Had a couple of friends come to this place when they visited NYC so I had to try it if I was in the Times Square area. We took a 10-15 minute walk from Times Square a little before noon to reach the very crowded bagel shop. They have a fast system of ordering, so you go to the line to order what you want, they give you a ticket and go to the next register on the other side of the shop to pay, then you get your receipt and wait for your number to be called. It does work, but the place is SO popular, it's hard to tell which line to go to. Anyways, I ordered their cinnamon raisin bagel with one of their sweet spreads (don't remember what it was....probably something with cinnamon in it also because that's all I tasted). It was hard to order quickly as at tourist and you don't want to hold up the line so I recommend looking at their menu for a while before ordering. Tough thing is, it's so crowded that it's hard to even LOOK at the menu. My bf ordered a plain bagel with cream cheese and we ordered some iced coffees for our other friends. When we finally got our orders and ate the food, it was good! However, I do not like too much of the spread in mine so I scooped out pretty much half of my spread. Other than that, it was delicious. I don't drink coffee so our friends had said that the iced coffee was also good. They do not sweeten it, so you would have to sweeten it yourself. I would probably go again if I'm back in NY. I'd recommend going in as early as possible! Around lunchtime on a weekday (Monday) was horror!
#REVIEW#Hiding between garment stores, larger restaurants and scaffolding, Best Bagel is a hidden gem worth getting your hands on. I caught on quickly but slightly confusing for first timers, there are 3 lines upon entering. From left to right: the line to pay, the line to pick up your yelled number order of deliciousness, and the line to order. The freshest of in-house made bagels come with a variety of spreads and both hot and cold options to put inside. I ordered a sesame bagel toasted with bacon, egg and cheese. While my mom had a toasted onion bagel with egg and cheese. They were both beyond reasonably priced, super filling and satisfying. A fresh af bagel is nothing like einstein brothers or anything store bought. It is soft and tender with a light crunch from toasting just delicious. Fresh squeezed orange juice was also well worth it, but they house a variety of bottled drinks.At no point was this place empty, while we mightve been having breakfast at lunch time, the line was continuously growing and moving during our whole stay.Tip: While waiting for your order, keep an eye out for somewhere to sit or stand to eat. Easier with company to move quickly, theres limited seating space within the restaurant.
#REVIEW#Best Bagel & Coffee truly lived up to its name because the bagels here were amazing. The bagels were huge, yet so airy and not dense. That first bite of the bagel was so soft and delicious to eat. I left with an assortment of bagels and really enjoyed every single one. My favorite was the everything bagel. The cinnamon raisen and blueberry were also perfectly executed classics.Besides trying every bagel they have to offer, the absolute must order was the lox bagel sandwich. This behemoth was the king of bagel sandwiches and was absolutely delicious to eat. It was piled sky high with smoked salmon. I had the scallion cream cheese to perfectly complement the salmon. The addition of capers, avocado, onion and tomato really elevated it to another level. And of course, the everything bagel was a must. Although this lox bagel rang up to $15, it was more than enough to split with someone else. Overall, Best Bagel & Coffee is the ultimate bagel destination when coming to Manhattan, and I will return next time I'm in New York.
#REVIEW#This place is so good!!! Worth the wait. The bagels were soft and fresh and so delicious! Also the fresh squeezed orange juice was bomb.
#REVIEW#Lives up to the hype! The line goes pretty fast but it can get to be all the way out the building on the weekend. Got there before 10 and there were 15 people in front of me but they sure are efficient. I was in and out in ten minutes. I got the classic: Atlantic salmon, capers, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, avocado, sundried tomato cream cheese on a whole wheat everything bagel and it was delicious. So big I could barely hold it with one hand and definitely worth the price it's essentially breakfast and lunch or breakfast for two small people. Smoked salmon was delicious and getting it with all the works is the way to go.
#REVIEW#Review:Courtesy of Yelp stumbled upon this bagel spot and decided to check it out.  I love bagels and New York is also known for them so it was perfect!  There was a long line but it went by really fast.  They have a good system going except seating is very limited.  I was so hungry I devoured that bagel and left feeling full and very satisfied.  Ordered: egg bagel w/bacon & cheese, salmon bagel, pb&j bagel
#REVIEW#Best Bagel & Coffee offers the widest range of bagel choices.Coming from California, one other person and I really wanted to try the best bagel shop in NY.  It took us 20 minutes fighting through the rain to get to this little shop.  We came a little later in the day so there wasn't really a line.  But even at noon it was filled pack with people with no where to sit.  I ordered their popular Lox on an everything bagel.  I did not know you had to order the capers, cucumbers and whatever else you want with your Lox for an additional charge.  So I ended up with a pretty plain Lox bagel.  It was stuffed with lots of smoked salmon and tons of cream cheese.  Probably too much smoked salmon and cucumbers for my liking but I can see how some can appreciate it.  It just made it way too salty.  The person I came with got their New Yorker Sandwich with tater tots.  We ended up waiting for the tots only to find out they were all out.  He was pretty disappointed.  He also thought his sandwich bagel was whatever.  Overall we thought it was okay but nothing crazy amazing.  The portions were much larger than other places but also a little higher in pricing we thought.  I did like that they offered a wide variety of choices including gluten-free bagels.  Besides bagels they also offer egg dishes, classic sandwiches, and salads.  As for the service, I felt pretty rushed ordering.  You order at the register then you pick up your order.  We were lucky to sit right by where the food came out so it made it easy.  When we were told our tots weren't available they didn't really apologized but they did give us back our money.  The inside is very causal and busy.  We had people waiting for our table before we had left.  Overall, it was good but nothing we would have gone out of the way for.
#REVIEW#Yummm, I'm always down for a good bagel :') It was my first time in NY, and this was my first meal/bagel in NY. It definitely did not disappoint. It was a bit chaotic on a Saturday morning, but go to the counter to order (make sure you're in the right line - most people are generally waiting around for their order), grab a ticket, and then pay at the register. PSA - know your order before you get in line! The line moves quickly and they expect you to know what you want when you get to the front of the line. Our bagels were perfectly fluffy and chewy. yummm. Smoked salmon bagel? doooo itt.
#REVIEW#NEW YORK, NY 04/30/19 BREAKFAST+Quick service even though the lines get super long.  This QSR is pretty efficient.+The bagels are huge and filled with great toppings.+This is what New York bagels are all about.-The cashier messed up our order.Lox and bagels is a must in New York City!  Check them out!
