#NAME#Vezzo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/vezzo-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,pastashops#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I have been wanting to try Vezzo for a while now since I've lived in Murray Hill for 2 years, and it finally happened! The restaurant has an old-school Italian feel with a casual yet elevated atmosphere.Pro tip: they don't take reservations and won't seat you until your whole party is there, so it's best to go at off-peak dinner times. We went at 6 on a Saturday and were seated right away, but by 7 the restaurant was at capacity.We started off with the quinoa and avocado salad which my friend picked out. I was reluctant since I'm not the biggest salad person, but I'm so glad she ordered it. The salad was to die for!!! We split it and still could not finish because the portions are huge.I then ordered the pappardelle al funghi and my friend ordered the big pineapple pizza. Both were excellent. The pizza was some of the best I've ever had, and that's coming from a New Yorker! The pasta was incredible, but again so large. I ended up taking half of the pasta home and eating it for lunch the next day.All in all, I can't wait to go back to Vezzo and am so happy that I found such a great, cozy spot in the heart of Murray Hill!
#REVIEW#Cute casual spot for dinner, with amazing thin crust pizza. When I say thin crust....I mean paper thin, and perfectly crispy! Their pizza combinations are extensive and feels like you can't go wrong here (but the truffle mushroom pizza is particularly yummy).This place doesn't take reservations, and it almost feels like a good thing. It's a place you can pop in with friends at short notice, and not worry about reservations (a rare thing in the city). Also the wait is never bad...never more than 15 minutes.
#REVIEW#I ordered hummus because the bartender encouraged me to and I went home and it's not even in the bag!!! To make matters worse they also forgot my pasta dish but luckily I noticed before leaving. They do not check to go orders!!!!  If you order to go, check everything!!!!The food was much better here years ago when I first started ordering. FYI ask for pasta adente because on top of everything else my pasta is soggy!So disappointed.
#REVIEW#With its vibrant bustle, casually charming décor and nice-looking crowd, Vezzo is the real-life version of that super cool neighborhood spot frequented by the gang on your favorite sitcom. The food is terrific, too. Reservations are not taken so prepare to wait until your entire party has arrived but once you sit down it will be easy to get lost in the fun of everything. The menu options are endless; seriously you'd need more than the days in a year to indulge in every possible permutation of pizza, pasta, salads, sandwiches and lots, lots more.So good was the first visit that a return trip was made a week later, driven by the insistence on introducing someone else to a new favorite. The first time around we loved the kale and manchego salad, whose elevator pitch immediately won us over. The very first bite was bursting with taste, flavor and some kind of magical enchantment that said, "more, more, more!" We then shared a large pie topped with some ricotta (friend's choice) and button mushrooms. Fantastic. It borders on trendy to profess an eternal love of thin crust pizza, especially if one is a New Yorker, but Vezzo masterfully brings in even the snarkiest skeptics. Next time around it was the quinoa & avocado salad. If you can manage to get avocado in every forkful, go for it. Otherwise, this one just wasn't as good as the aforementioned kale and manchego. Pizza was topped with green bell peppers and sweet red onion that served as beautifully crunchy complements to the thin crust. Vezzo is great, really. The way it looks and feels, along with the way it tastes, will have you feeling like you are the one living your best TV show life.
#REVIEW#I was searching yelp for a great pizzeria restaurant around kips bay and I found Vezzo. I have passed by a few times walking from the kips bay movie theater. This time I decided to pay a visit. I love the restaurant and the way it's decorated. Me and my wife shared a large thin pizza with green bell peppers, kalamata olives and caramelized onions. The wait time is short and the pizza was so fresh and delicious. The price was lowerThan I expected especially for the quality and service. They also have a wide variety of salads and Italian dishes. I also love the fresh squeeze lemonade, no sugar they do have it as an option. I would most definitely coming back and recommend it to anyone that loves good pizza.
#REVIEW#I can't wait to come back. This bustling pizza shop has such a great atmosphere, quick service and delicious food! As a newbie to the area, I'm so happy I found this place. All different types of pizzas available in both personal 9" and large 16" size. Can make your own in either size or go the healthy route and order a salad. Organic crust is available too. The pie was cooked to the perfect crisp. Highly recommend their Goat Cheese and Prosciutto Crostini's-- to die for! There was a nice crowd gathered around the bar, not a ton of seats but plenty of standing room. Didn't get a table outside but it is available. Our waiter was very nice, I look forward to coming back.
#REVIEW#This is a really tough review to write, since I'm really not a 'complainer': I ordered a drink which I immediately cancelled; it came after a LONG hiatus, after having ordered a different drink altogether, which also came after a hugely long hiatus. There seem to be too many servers not communicating with each other, as this was on my check at the end. The server was also very impatient, as I was waiting for a friend who hadn't arrived yet, and she was acting as though I should place my entire order immediately.The pizzas seem REALLY inconsistent. The toppings were very haphazard- we ordered our pies based on what we saw next to us. Ours barely had any toppings on them. I'm loathe to try this place again due to the above. Pizzas were ok and almost burnt/crispy. We also had to rearrange the toppings since we were sharing slices. Half of them were falling off the side.At the end, I'd asked for a piece of foil for my leftovers. After affirming twice, it came out in a paper bag with a halved paper plate, causing oil to leak out all over it by the time I got to where I was going.  Ugh.
#REVIEW#Warm and cozy environment. It has a little vintage classic feel to it. I orded a large pizza and it probably can feed up to 4 people. Marinara sauce was tangy. Toppings were fresh and delicious and the pizza was very thin, almost cracker texture. However, the crust was a bit burnt (black-ish burn), which i was not a fan of.I also ordered a Spaghetti Meatball. The meatball were well-seasoned ( good hint of herbs) and the pasta wasn't dry.I came around 7 and got seated immediately but it was very loud because it was crowded and service was ok, a bit slow.
#REVIEW#Causal, neighborhood bistro.  Lots of locals.  Excellent, paper-thin crust pizza.  Wine is served in short water glasses.  Do you really care what your wine is served in here?  It's a pizza joint.  Come on.  They have beers and cider, too.  I thought the wine prices were on the pricey side.Service was attentive.If you are looking for a causal, sit-down joint with very good, very thin crust pizza, you've come to the right place.
#REVIEW#I have ordered pizza at lunch from Vezzo for the office from time to time over the past several years.  Their thin crust pizzas are a firm favorite and always good.  You can have delivery from them but normally sending someone around the corner to collect them works just as well.Tried Vezzo for lunch at the weekend and would recommend only ordering the pizza.  Service was sluggish and the salad we ordered was basically greens with pizza topping mixed in.  Not fresh and tasty.  Pizza, however was as good as ever.
#REVIEW#Nice corner thin crust pizza place. Friendly staff nice outdoor seating. Lite menu and cold beer. Great tasting food.
#REVIEW#We really loved the dining experience. The thin and crispy crust was on point. We had a large pie with half shroomtown and giardino with sweet sausage. Both were very delicious and flavorful. Also had a glass of lemonade; real lemonade!! Our waitress was friendly and answered our questions about the menu thoroughly. We would like to come back!
#REVIEW#If you love thin crust pizza, then you've stumbled on the right Yelp business page. The crusts here are probably the thinnest and crunchiest I've had in the city. A little too thin for my liking but still good. My favorite on the menu from the three we ordered was the Salsiccia Dolce pie. Highly recommend substituting the sweet sausages for hot sausages. So much better! The Meat Lovers was a bit too salty and greasy for me and the Classica on the thin crust didn't have much of a "wow" factor. Then again, it is your regular basic pie.We came in around 6PM as a party of six and managed to get a table in five minutes. Consider us lucky because just as we got seated, the crowd started pouring in and people had to wait almost an hour to get seated. This is one of the few good dining places in midtown that isn't surrounded by tourists since it's a few blocks away from Broadway and 33rd street (thank goodness!). So if you're ever around the area, check out this place because their pizzas can't do you wrong.
#REVIEW#Everyone has been raving about this place so I was excited to finally try it. We went with another couple so for the four of us we ordered two pizzas. One was a veggie one and the other their mushroom pizza. I liked the mushroom one best. The pizza is the thin crust style. The place is decent size. We had a slight wait. It's a warm fun, atmosphere. Great for dinner with friends. There is so much good pizza in the city so I probably won't go back so I can try other places but if you've never been and you like thin crust its definitely worth a try!
#REVIEW#This wood adorned pizzeria feels cute and east coast and with a local crowd fawning over thin crust pizza.I arrived around 11:30am and the lace was empty and languid.   I loved it.  The staff says it picks up at noon - but I prefer the quiet version.  Nights are a mad house.The lunch menu is very reasonable and the food is good.  You can get two plain slices for $7, two slices with toppings for around $9 or a slice and a salad for around $9.The thin crust is tasty and perfect for carb watchers - but you stil feel like your sinning.I like the fact that the slices aren't smothered in cheese. This is a good place to know about - especially for lunch.   They have sandwiches too for $10-12.  Recommended for a neighborhood feel pizzeria and for lunch.   Pies at night are around $25.
#REVIEW#I started going here right after they opened.  Today a pizza is $30 and a salad was $14.  Add in tax and a tip and it is greater than $53.  That is just too much. Marta, around the corner is less and their service is wonderful - you are treated like a guest not lucky to buy a $30 pizza.  Image from Marta...
#REVIEW#My favorite pizza place in NYC! Yes I don't have many Pizza spots I love in the city, but its because I love this place so so much!! From their lemonade, to personal pies, to massive pies this place is PERFECT. They offer you a simple syrup with their lemonade (which isn't store bought) so it really adds to the experience. Their salads are perfectly dressed, their staff is pretty nice and pretty attentive (it's something they could work on but its good for now) Their plain pie is amazing CHICKPOTLE is amazing SALSICCIA DOLCE = amazing meat lovers = amazing TRES FUEGOS = amazing shroomtown is good if you're a big mushroom truffle person. I'm not so I wasn't in love. PS you can order large pies with 2 different styles (served in halves) so I recommend doing that!
#REVIEW#Great pizza place in Midtown East NY. Outdoor seating and the pizza was very good. Also tried the meatball sandwich, very good and large portion. Nice little pizza / Italian restaurant in a quiet area away from the busy Times Square area. A must try!
#REVIEW#Yumnmmm. Hands down one of the best thin crust pizza places! I've gone to so many spots that have thin crust but soggy pizza but that is not the case here!My friends and I came on a Tuesday before 7pm and the place was pretty crowded. You may need reservations if you go on the weekend. We ordered the shroomtown pizza and el greco pizza. I could smell our shroomtown pizza even before it was served. The combination of mushrooms and truffle oil smelled divine and it tasted even better. I liked el greco pizza too despite the fact that I dislike feta cheese.In my experience personal pizzas don't do a real pizza justice so if you have the chance, I'd recommend ordering a large pizza. I saw another table order half and half.My only wish is that they would serve sangria!!!!!
#REVIEW#If you love really thin crust pizzas, then this is your nirvana!!  I got pepperoni, bell peppers, and jalapeños, of course, cuz I'm from California!!  The crust was crispy and non-greasy. It was crunchy and savory in every bite! Bomb pizza!  Nuff said
