#NAME#Tsurutontan Udon Noodle Brasserie
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/tsurutontan-udon-noodle-brasserie-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,noodles,soup#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Great place for authentic Japanese udon. Not a big udon fan myself, but this place has so many different variations, that it's virtually impossible to find something to fit your taste. And if you REALLY don't like noodles, they have dons (rice bowls) too! Came Friday night at 8:00pm with a reservation, and was seated almost immediately. There would've been a wait otherwise. For our appetizer, we ordered the fried tatsuta chicken which was fine; nothing special. I ordered the uni créme udon, and my sister ordered the tempura zaru udon. You can choose between thick or thin noodles and we both opted for thin. The uni udon bowl was HUGE, but it only had about 3 pieces of uni. I highly recommend the zaru udon. The presentation alone warrents 5 stars. It's served cold, with a light broth to dip the noodles in--very refreshing and perfect for summer. Highly recommend!! Will be returning next time I'm around Union Square.
#REVIEW#Omg the service here is just god awful. Waited forever for someone to take our order. Then 10 minutes later she comes back asks us what we ordered.Food is ok but expect 2x longer than you would expect a restaurant to bring you the food. And this place is not cheap either so at least have service with a smile versus walking around as if the customer is burdening you.Fix your service issues because you are losing customers. It's gotten progressively worse and worse each time I come hereUPDATE: been over half an hour and still no food!  And the place is not even that packed. I think they don't have enough servers and waitresses. I only see one waitress who looks like she is overworked and hates her jobThe two tables next to me just left after sitting waiting for 15-30 mins and no one came to take their order. The waitress looked at them as she walked by without saying a word as they asked for their orders to be taken
#REVIEW#Their udon is solid and I think it's a great place to bring visitors too, especially because of their free upgrade with the giant bowl. I've been here twice, the first time I ordered the tan tan ramen but felt like it was too oily for me. This time, I ordered the tsurutontan deluxe and I absolutely loved how comforting it tasted.  Make sure that you request for the tempura to be on the side so that it doesn't get soggy! I think their lunch specials would be even more worth it. I'd also recommend the spiny tuna tartare cones, those were really delicious, the tuna was fresh and the cones were super crispy (also a good price during happy hour). Make sure to make a reservation too so that you wouldn't have too long.
#REVIEW#I have been wanting to try out this restaurant for a while now after a couple of my friends raved about it when they visited NYC. Therefore when a couple of friends suggested we come here for dinner I was very excited to try it out. I came here on a Thursday night with three other friends and the place was bustling. Two of my friends had arrived before me and another friend so they put their name down. We arrived around twenty to thirty minutes after and once we stepped in we were told the wait would be around 5 more minutes. But after 1minutes our table still was not ready and people in similarly sized groups who had come in after us were being seated before us which was a little bit frustrating. And even though we had confirmed with the hostess three separate times that our group was all present she still kept forgetting. However, after the long wait, we were finally seated. As soon as we arrived our server (who was absolutely wonderful) came over to give us our menus. The menu was impressively organized, every item had a photo associated with it so it was easy to see what the items look like and to choose the right item for your meal. I chose the Tsurutontan Deluxe and loved it. The giant bowl that came out came quickly and turned out to be an amazing and delicious meal. The tempura and delectable broth was such a great compliment and had such a great selection of ingredients. Finally, the decoration and appearance of the whole restaurant was wonderful. And definitely a warm environment for a great meal. Although there was a bit of a hiccup in the beginning the rest of the experience and meal more than made up for it. Additionally, there were also lots of appetizers and other dishes that looked absolutely amazing and that I would love to come back another time to try.
#REVIEW#The mentai kamatama blew my mind. I love noodles, I love pasta, and I think this was hands-down one of the best noodle dishes I've ever had. Maybe because I used to eat sushi that had globs of spicy mayo on it but this was like spicy mayo noodles with crunchy tempura bits, green onion, and a super slow-cooked egg. Plus, I really enjoyed eating out of a bowl that was the size of a basin you could bathe an infant in. Our waiter was also one of the best parts of our meal. He checked in on us often and when I dropped a cucumber chunk on the table and moved it over, he quickly swiped it away. The not-so-great parts: (1) The Friday night wait. I don't even understand how people could have gotten in without a reservation. They herded everyone who did have a reservation into this tiny waiting area near the bar and, every time a spot would open, would holler the person's name. Then, when we sat down at the long table with the divider, we noticed a ton of two-tops that were empty. Huh?(2) It was incredibly loud. To the point where my friend and I were sitting this close to each other and I still had to shout. (3) We were by the bathroom and there were occasional wafts of toilet smell. You know what I'm talking about. (4) The $3.99 lychee martini lived up to its price. It was like guzzling lighter fluid with the barest hint of lychee syrup.
#REVIEW#Was looking for a noodle place with my friend around Union Square and decided to try Tsurutontan out! Immediately thought the inside looked really nice and had a cool modern vibe with wood and lights Ordered the regular tan tan ramen because it was noted as a best seller(+) ramen bowl is huge!! (See my photo for some hand to bowl comparisons) (+) udon noodle texture was great! Soft but still a little chewy(+) flavor of broth was very good (-) though the broth was yummy it was quite oily on top(-) the portion's are huge as I noted (I ordered a regular so I can't even imagine how big a large is) - it'd be nice if there were even smaller personal sizesTips:1. Come for happy hour during the week, they have a lychee martini and beer special2. Lunch special during the week - $10 for a ramen set3. If you know you're not super hungry, share 1 ramen with 2 people
#REVIEW#Being from Florida, I was freezing in New York LOL so udon sounded amazing to help warm us up! We came during a special where they were doing $4 lycheetinis which were both yummy and strong! I decided to get the curry udon, which I enjoyed! But wowowwww portions are huge. And how can you not order a large since it's the same price?! Everyone seemed to really like their dishes! And we all rolled ourselves out of the restaurant after we finished our meals LOL
#REVIEW#Big bowls of Udon caught our attention from our Facebook YouTube vloggers. We tried to fit this in to our crazy NYC weekend food schedule. So we had this at around 5pm for "dinner" right before our flight. I guess it didn't help that we were kinda full and also in a rush.  To be fair the Udon was pretty good but for the price  I expected a bit more. Also service seemed a bit slow but I think it was the time of the day that threw the server off. So I ordered the duck Udon in thin noodles and the wife ordered the curry Udon in regular size noodles. Her curry was really flavourful and the Udon had a nice chew to it. My duck was pretty good too but I didn't get too many pieces. I guess the noodle bowls allowed for a nice photo moment hah
#REVIEW#This place will be packed on the weekend, so definitely try to make a reservation before coming. My friends and I had a reservation here on a Saturday night recently. Despite how crowded the restaurant was, service was still pretty fast. For an appetizer, I shared the spicy tuna tartare cones with a friend. They were delicious! The tuna was fresh and the cones were nice and crispy. Sort of wish I just ordered a bunch of those instead of the duck udon I got for my entree because I thought the duck udon was just average. My friends who got wagyu shabu udon in truffle dashi really enjoyed their meals though. Even though we all chose the "large" option for our udon, the bowls were only half filled, but it was enough food anyway. Taste | 4Atmosphere | 4Presentation | 3.5Service | 3.5OVERALL | 4
#REVIEW#I ordered the Sukiyaki Udon, crispy corn, and spicy tuna cones during the happy hour times on the weekend. The discounted appetizers ars absolutely worth it! The spicy tuna cones are super fresh and not too spicy, and come with guacamole in them, which was a pleasant surprise. The crispy corn was battered corn into a mini cake shape that came with a spicy dipping sauce that was extremely flavorful. Finally, the Sukiyaki Udon was incredible and the sweet broth was unlike anything I've had before. The thick noodles were soft, chewy, and wonderful. The vegetables in the udon soak up all the broth and makes them especially delicious.Highly recommend this restaurant and the portions are enormous. Service was great as well, and happy hour at the bar has great prices!
#REVIEW#It's hard not to like Tsurutontan! The extensive menu has something for everyone, and everything is pretty good to boot. I've had multiple dishes  and the standouts were the pork belly spicy tantan udon and the U.S. wagyu and mushroom sukiyaki - both in the signature gigantic bowls of course. If you come with a group, it invariably turns into a contest of seeing who can finish their massive bowl of udon and soup.The Union Square branch is located in a huge space, so wait times are usually on the shorter side. Take advantage of the happy hours if you can!! A ton of the (still extensive) food menu is reduced, but you can also get $2-$4 beers, $4 lycheetinis, and $8 cocktails! DRINKS FOR EVERYONE!
#REVIEW#This was my third visit to tsurutontan! Blown away once again. I got the lunch combo with the curry thick noodles and the fried chicken rice. The food was good as always, I would recommend the lunch combo if you are sure you can finish it. I'm a big eater and I had about half the bowl of rice remaining. My only dissatisfaction is the lack of vegetarian or vegan options. My vegetarian friends were limited to the veggie tempera udon. I wish there were one or two more options for them to choose from. I will be back again soon!
#REVIEW#Note: kitchen doesn't open til 5pm for dinner! We came here around 4pm and got some small bites and drinks while we waited. They have all day happy hour prices on the appetizers, but that menu is also available in the main dining area. At the bar we got: scallop sashimi, wagyu, and sukiyaki buns. Everything was delicious, although I would probably pass on the sukiyaki buns because the sukiyaki meat was just OK. The wagyu and uni combination is really good but the wagyu meat was very oily. For dinner we split the large version of duck udon. Especially after the apps, we were absolutely stuffed and couldn't finish the bowl! The soup was incredibly flavorful - maybe the best I've had for udon. There were a mix of duck meatballs and slices of duck meat in the soup.
#REVIEW#I'm a frequent visitor of this Tsurutontan, and not sure if it was a one time fluke, but my last experience here was definitely disappointing. We ordered their Tantan noodle. First, the noodles took forever to arrive (at least 40 min) and the waitress apologized because they had apparently put in the wrong order so had to re-make it. Mistakes happen and it was a busy Saturday, so my friend and I were happy waiting.But when the noodle came, I was so disappointed. The broth was so salty, and the noodles were all clumped together! For a restaurant that prides itself on the quality of their udon, this was really unexpected.Overall, Tsurutontan really fell short of expectations this time. Really do hope it was a one time miss.
#REVIEW#Everything about this place is huge. Huge menus, huge selection, huge bowls of udon. Although it is incredibly filling because of how gigantic the servings are, the food quality is pretty average. You can choose between thick and skinny noodles and regular or large portion of noodles (same price). They recommend skinny noodles with cold broth. Even if you get the regular portion of noodles, it still comes in a big bowl.I got the seafood jjigae udon which came with a couple of shrimps, scallops and clams. The broth was quite spicy! It was a reliable and good bowl of udon but not so amazing or unique that I would wait a long time for.
#REVIEW#Food: 2.5/5I've been here a handful of times. My first visit was memorable enough for me to frequent this place more but the food here is inconsistent.The presentation on all their menu items are beautiful. The donburi is served on a tray and sort of has a bento box feel. The udon noodles are served in big colorful bowls with lots of garnish to help contrast the colors making the presentation beautiful.I've tried their curry udon many times. It's creamy, thick and delicious on some days and watery/soupy on other days. Their steamed dumplings are also a disappointing inconsistency. Sometimes the skin has a the perfect texture and other times it's over cooked falls apart between my chopsticks.Service: 4/5Never had a bad service experience here. They will not seat you before 5pm for dinner but their bar is open.Ambiance: 4/5This place is appealing to the eye. The decor is nice and has a cozy/luxe feel. Decent happy hour spot but food is inconsistent.
#REVIEW#Well worth the time to come here. Interestingly enough there is no difference between a medium and large bowl to be prepared to eat! The udon here is quite good and the noodles taste fresh. I got some of their traditional deluxe udon but the tempura fry was good and the medley of meats and flavors were almost overwhelming but this place makes it work! We also got some silken tofu and spicy tuna hand cones. My friend got lamb chops which were also quite good but somewhat small. C'est la vie. My other friend got the traditional shrimp tempura udon. All of the broth was clean and flavorful. Personally I really wanted to try their uni cream udon but it wasn't meant to be this visit. I'll be back soon to try!
#REVIEW#Great HH prices here at the bar and for the drinks. $2 Sapporo and $4 Lychee-tini was an absolute steal. The wait is horrendous without a reservation. You must 100% have a reservation or expect to wait at least an hour for a group of 3-4.Overall, the truffle shabu was good. The soup was not as hot as I thought and it was a bit warm, which negatively impacted the taste. The truffle was strong in smell, but weak in taste (truffle oil). The meat was tender and abundant, but because of the temperature of the soup, it felt cold.Overall, I had a good experience, but not great. Would be open to try it again in the future.
#REVIEW#All the ways to have udon. Curry, kitsune, sukiyaki, etc. Lots of other stuff to eat but whatever. They give you extra udon for free if you want it. It's crazy! Come here because it tatsed great and udon is life.
#REVIEW#This is my #1 happy hour spot in the area. Awesome drinks specials ALL DAY and very reasonably priced happy hour apps. My go to is their strong and refreshing $4 lychee martinee (until 6pm/8:30p-close) and their plentiful serving of tasty fried soy garlic chicken for $9.The venue has tons of bar area seating for the happy hour. It is classy enough to go with friends, clients, or romance. The servers are a bit thin at the front so dont expect fast waiter turnaround during a happy hour rush unless you seat directly at the bar. So far thats the only qualm I've had. Otherwise the waiters and bartenders are very nice.Great food, amazing happy hour drink prices, and good service. I cant wait to go for dinner. This place is a winner in my book.
