#NAME#Lido
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lido-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,breakfast_brunch,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Lido is darling! It's an incredible little spot for brunch with tasty, unique spins on brunch favs at a value hard to come by in NYC. With so many options for breakfast, I was thrilled with our experience at Lido. The prices were very reasonable for a NYC Brunch experience, and they do offer a bottomless mimosa ($16/ 2 hour max) for those who feel like having a Sunday Funday/ Monday Hangover. They offer reservations, but we stopped in right after it opened for business on Saturday morning, and we were offered one of the ample seats available on the covered front sidewalk or inside bar. We opted for the street seating, and it made for incredible people watching while indulging in our morning lattes. My friend and I both ordered the White Polenta with Poached Eggs, and it was INSANE. "Truffle" is my favorite buzz word these days, so I'll order anything with that in the description. You could taste the hint of truffle oil, which meshed well with the perfectly poached eggs, red pepper flakes, and grated fresh parmesan. It was not only delectable, but kept my friend and I satiated for a long day at a musical festival without leaving us lethargic. The portion was perfect. While our stomachs were full, we passed a table on the way out that had ordered the blueberry pancakes, and they were INSANELY mouthwatering.Staff was lovely, and our water glasses were never empty. For that, I am grateful. Definitely worth a visit if you're in Harlem! It's steps from the subway, and situated on a lively, but not *TOO* lively part of the city.
#REVIEW#I wasn't too impressed with place at all...Its a very warm, cute little restarant in the heart of harlem with mediocre food and friendly staff...Our waiter was snotty and very unpleasant around us and the peeople around us... he clearly did not want to work or be bothered. Never ince did he show his face after we got our meals; never checked on us, refilled our drink glasses or asked if everything waa okay. Just dropped off the check and left. No problem.... no TIP!We ordered omelettes as everyone around was having a big fluffy omelet and the baked french toast. Our omelets we very small and bland, i wanted to send them back but my bf said 'no.' I thought it was a complete rip off !I mean they were litterally  half the size of other patrons dining there. The only reason the place does so well is because its basically the only neighborhood joint where you can chill out and have a Sunday brunch. It would never survive in Soho or tribecca.Waiter kind of killed it for us. We wont be back. Go to Sarabethes or maison kaiser for real food and fresh backed pastries.
#REVIEW#Our first visit to Lido was honestly so serendipitous; randomly found this gem. We walked in and sat at the bar immediately. We sat and enjoyed refreshing and intoxicating mimosas as part of the bottomless brunch. The food we shared was amazing. We enjoyed the braised short ribs and the truffle polenta. The bartender was amazing and consistently refilling our mimosas. This was a stress-free and delicious brunch.We recently were very excited to return and hopefully repeat the same experience we had. Food and mimosas? Still unbelievable, no doubt about it. We saw the bar was full, so just got some drinks and talked while waiting for seats. After about 20 minutes, we asked the bartender if there was any process for grabbing bar stools since we had been waiting a while. He said he'll give us a shout, so we stood by an area slightly away from the bar and continued to talk. Eventually, we noticed that the bar situation is basically a game of musical chairs. You find yourself in this competition with people awkwardly standing around the restaurant ready to pounce on the most recently available seat. There is no system to help organize the availability of the seats at the bar which was a huge roadblock to our brunch experience.Once we finally got our table, we ended up having another great experience at Lido. We sat next to a beautiful dog named Brownie and this made us very happy to know they are pet friendly. Just remember they take reservations, as waiting by the bar can be frustrating and awkward.
#REVIEW#This restaurant is amazing place to dine in. From daily happy hour menu to fine dinner menu. This a must visit in Harlem. I had the NY strip medium well with zucchini fries, Potato salad and horseradish. Paired with a lovely Pinot noir and off course some desert which was the nights special, white chocolate cheesecake with a pear sorbet. My mouth is watering as i speak. Check it out!
#REVIEW#AMAZING! I have to say, this was the best brunch I have had in awhile.  The service was great, but the food was what put it to the top.For starters, we got the Cheesy Garlic Bread. I know it is a very simple dish but it tasted amazing. It was small, and only three came on the plate but I wish I ordered more. The only issue I had was it was $10 for the three little bites.For the meal we got Blueberry Pancakes and the Braised Short Rib Eggs Benedict to share. The Pancakes were cooked to perfection and in a stack of three. They came with fresh fruit and jam. Eggs Benedict was delicious as well. The Short Rib pulled apart very easy and had so many different flavors with every bite. The brunch menu is only on the weekend which is unfortunate but I will be back sometime soon!
#REVIEW#Awesome bottomless brunch! $16 for 2 hours of unlimited mimosas is one of the best deals I've seen so far in NYC. My friend and I both got the polenta with mushrooms, truffle oil, and poached eggs. So tasty! Minus one star because there were large gaps of time in between when our server came to refill our glasses and check on us. There were quite a few times in the 2 hours when we had finished our waters/mimosas and had to wait a long time before someone came around for refills.  That being said, our food came out quickly and the restaurant was fairly busy at the time (Saturday at 1 PM) so it's understandable. Will definitely be back to try out more off the menu and get more mimosas!!
#REVIEW#Went to Lido for brunch on my recent visit to NYC. The good: they have unlimited mimosas that are reasonably priced! The waiter was very attentive and continually filled up my beverage. There is a 2 hour limit for the mimosas. I ordered a grilled chicken panini. It was delicious. Everyone's food came out quickly. The okay: The brunch menu is pretty small. There were brunch favorites like pancakes, French toast, and omelets. I was in the mood for brunch but nothing caught my eye.
#REVIEW#Never been disappointed with the service or good here. Always crowded and hard to get s table for brunch but the bottomless mimosas are well worth it
#REVIEW#Enjoyed dining here today after my workout. I've been here a few times in the past mostly for brunch but was excited to see a number of available lunch options on the menu and all for a whopping $12 bucks! You can't beat that deal for a well prepared meal!I decided to pick an item outside of the lunch menu options. Trying to stay on track- couldn't have a chicken burger and tasty zucchini fries after that workout lol.  So I decided to try one of the Insalate  options. Fresh arugula salad, complimented with warm roasted pears, shaved Parmesan, toasted walnuts and white basaltic vinaigrette. I decided to add grill chicken - All salads include the option to add a protein, $8 Chicken, $9 Shrimp and $12 for salmon. This was delicious!! The warmed pears were so flavorful along with the roasted walnuts which added texture. The   vinaigrette.....wrapped it up oh so nicely. Can't wait to go back!
#REVIEW#My husband and I were in New York for the day and wanted some good food in Harlem. His aunt suggested this place and I'm so happy she did. The ambiance is great and the staff was so pleasant and inviting. I ordered the white sangria and the salmon. He ordered the lamb chops. The lamb chops came with a butternut squash hash and it was sooooo yummy! Everything was seasoned to perfection and the salmon melted in my mouth, but still had a slight crisp on the outside. When we return to the big apple, this will definitely be on the list of stops to make.
#REVIEW#Lido is one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. Their mimosas are reasonably priced, and if you get bottomless brunch your glass will never go empty. I've been 5-6 times and the staff is always super attentive. The food is excellent, they have a unique spin on some Italian classics. The gnocchi is always cooked so perfectly and they truffle butter sauce is done very well. If you have a suite tooth the French toast with fruit is to die for. If you want something salty, anything with eggs and vegetables on the menu I can guarantee will be good. Lido is definitely a must when you're in the city.
#REVIEW#Lido is definitely a Harlem staple! I decided to partake in the bottomless brunch, so I came up here with some friends. The brunch deal is this; it's $16 for unlimited mimosas for 2 hours. The mimosas were nice, translucent yellow color; if you get an opaque mimosa, run, because you're basically drinking straight OJ. Fortunately, that wasn't the deal at Lido.I ordered the white polenta with mushroom ragu + poached egg + truffle oil + parmigiano reggiano, a side of bacon, and bread pudding with coffee ice cream. The polenta was pretty much perfect; it was creamy and tasty. I wasn't a huge fan of the bread pudding; it wasn't warm nor was it sweet enough. It had more of a pound cake type of texture versus a bread pudding texture.I appreciated how they ensured our glasses were always filled, and they made sure we enjoyed our $16 worth of mimosas. This was really great customer service, and I can see myself coming back.
#REVIEW#I visited this location yesterday for brunch and I had a really good time. The music wasn't too loud I was able to interact with my friends without having to scream over loud music. The food was good even though I was limited on what to eat seeing that I'm still doing lent. But the blueberry pancakes with the restaurant made whip cream were so good. I also had some of the potatoes with the vinegar and rosemary which were also very good. The service was good too the host and hostess kept our coffee and water cups and mimosa glasses filled. The atmosphere was clean and we didn't have to wait along time to get seated which was a big plus for me.
#REVIEW#Came to Lido for Valentine's Day. It was super packed, but we only had to wait about 15 minutes. To start we had the salt cod fritters, they were soooo good! I could've ordered another plate. For dinner I first got the lobster ravioli with fresh crab. The lobster tasted like imitation lobster and had a "funky" taste. I didn't like it and asked if I could send it back for the mussels (great choice). They give you a hefty serving and they were delicious. To drink, I had the camomila martini (I highly recommend this drink) it was really good.Over all my experience here was great, from ambiance to the wait staff.
#REVIEW#Had the chicken panini and it was amazing, would definitely recommend!! Bottomless mimosas were also VERY good, we got there late so we only had it for an hour but the servers kept coming by to make sure we were never empty!!
#REVIEW#Truly bottomless mimosas. Delicious brunch. Lovely ambiance. Great location. Attentive staff. Nice decor. Clean bathrooms. Great times had by all. Definitely a fan. Will be back.
#REVIEW#Disclaimer: all restaurants have days where it's not their best. Not quite but something was a bit off...Our server was great. Attentive and tending the floor and the bar. Well done.The Napoleon something appetizer. Might have been one of the best I've had in a while: with fresh mozzarella, divine olive oil, paired with tomatoes and apples. Textures so well blended that I wanted it to be the whole meal. Lish!!!!!The veal meatballs with a glorious marinara and  pasta (gluten free pasta option if you need it).Veal meatballs had a flavor profile that was off. The veal was good. Not sure if something was in it to give it the strange tang. Shame. I will return for sure. I also know they nail this dish based on other serious foodies that recommended the spot. I visit Vinateria all the time and have been told to walk down the block. Will do for sure.
#REVIEW#I ordered the blueberry pancakes and short rib Benedict and literally had to stop myself my eating my fingers. I also tried the spaghetti which tasted very fresh and authentic. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. The presentation of all the food was also very well done. I do suggest making reservations for brunch since it's a pretty popular location.
#REVIEW#The food was good; especially the mussels, which had a delicious broth that was perfect for dumping your bread into. But the services was meh. The place was not busy at all, yet we waited for about 10 minutes before being brought water. And then another 5 minutes before a waiter came by. And the waiter was not the most friendly person. But the phone was good, so hey, I'll probably return at some point.
#REVIEW#I stopped in for brunch with a few friends and really enjoyed myself. The food was wonderful, the drinks were delicious, oh and did I mention that the restaurant is female owned too? I ordered the Smoked Salmon Benedict with Scrambled Eggs ($16), my friend ordered the Braised Short Rib Hash ($16) , and another friend ordered the Spicy Pork Sausage Skillet ($7 for a side.) All of our food came out extremely quickly, which was perfect because I was starving, and the food was fresh, hot, not overly greasy, and delicious. I would absolutely eat here again.Specials: $16 bottomless mimosas for brunch Tips: Call ahead for reservations, this place can get extremely crowded on weekends!
