#NAME#Alice's Tea Cup Chapter II
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/alices-tea-cup-chapter-ii-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tea,breakfast_brunch,tradamerican#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This was really cute place! Went for bridesmaid lunch.Food: the scone was great! Their chocolate banana was on point.I got their salmon dish! It was definitely good and I've been craving salmon. If not I would def go back for their tea selection! The roobios tea is non caffeinated. The scones are great too! Their potato wedges were not as good. Their Indian chai was good! Their chamomile smelling one was nice too. PerfectBackground take cute photos!The company is best.
#REVIEW#TL;DR--buy groupon, overpriced, extremely kid friendly, make reservations; Try Bergdorf's Afternoon Tea instead. I didn't know Alice's was a thing in NYC and was surprised & excited to find so many positive reviews for this place. I actually love going for high tea/afternoon tea, even though the entire idea is overpriced fancy hot water & school sandwiches. Save $$--Alice's occasionally has a Groupon deal for $45 for the Mad Hatter tier, which is priced at $71 and serves two people. It includes scones, two sandwiches, a dessert, cookies, and two unlimited pots of tea. Idk about you, but for as much as I like overpriced eating out, $71 is steep for this meal. The food items and scones overall were okay--3 stars. Also, who can drink one whole pot of tea by themselves? You can't use the Groupon on a weekend. Alice's fine print is that everyone at the table has to spend at least $10, which is a bit annoying. Prepare to wait--We waited 1.5hrs on a Sunday after putting 4 names down @ 1:30PM. This meant that when we were seated, the brunch menu would be over, as it ends at 3. Plan accordingly if you want brunch items. The service is delightful and kind, if not somewhat slow. Our order of 2 scones and a pot of tea arrived much later than our friends' Mad Hatter order. When we inquired about it, we were told they were just making our scones fresh. Our server and everyone who I talked to was really helpful and accommodating. If dining with multiple children about is not your thing, don't eat here. That being said, this place is whimsical and child friendly. Fairy wings are on hand for kids to feel special.
#REVIEW#Through the fault on their part we were 5 people and because we waited 90 minutes for our fifth person they were very accommodating. Once we were all here we were seated on the first floor near the back. I enjoyed my first time here and was very happy that I could order anything I wanted off the menu. They only do two credit cards per table. I didn't have a connection to WiFi's so I wasn't able to get my free pot of tea, maybe next time. Mousse cake was delicious. Our waiter was very nice and service was good. I will definitely go again if given the opportunity.
#REVIEW#A cute and delightful afternoon tea spot. If you come on Sunday afternoon for brunch, be prepared for a wait. They get really busy up until 3:00 p.m. when their kitchen closes.That said, the experience was worth the wait. The pumpkin scone covered with caramel also kept us happy while we waited. The decorative tea cups were all very cute and creative. The prices aren't too bad at $5 a scone (tip included in the price). The bread used in their sandwiches all had good, springy texture. I personally loved the osmanthus tea and appreciated the comped tea with the Yelp check-in.Will have to come back again whenever I'm looking for a relaxing afternoon outing with friends.
#REVIEW#Chapter II isn't better than chapter I.  Sadly everything taste blah, and the scones were too hard to eat and no flavor.  Will stick to the Westside location. Service was too slow even though it was a weekday morning and barely 4 tables seated.
#REVIEW#It was Monday morning and we had taken the day off work - so why not stop at Alice's Tea Cup for some tea for a weekday brunch.There was a slight wait for a table when we first arrived so we were asked to wait in the front. We heard quite a commotion behind the curtains blocked off the main tea room - I think a little girl was having a tea party.We were led up the stairs to a second seating area, which was much quieter. Service was pretty slow since it seems the upstairs service is a little slower versus the downstairs dining room. No worries, we had plenty of time to decide on an order. I decided on the scones Benedict, which comes on a savory scone. The only savory scone they had was the ham and cheese so that's what I got. The hollandaise was smooth and seasoned beautifully. The scone got a little heavy after a while, since it's pretty dense. I ordered one of Alice's house blend teas, which was super tasty. I also tried my friend's 44th POTUS (#thanksobama) which isn't caffeinated but I loved it, too!Overall, Alice's Tea Cup is a great alternative to those uppity high tea options in the luxury hotels. It's down to earth, and while it can be a little pricey, still much more affordable and worth the cost, seeing as tip/gratuity is already built into the price! What you see is what you get!
#REVIEW#I had my Girl Scout troop holiday brunch at Alice's Tea Cup and we had such an amazing time. I made a reservation a few weeks back and the people I spoke to were very responsive and helpful. NOTE: they may not answer their calls, so I will recommend you email. We had the same brunch last year and we decided to return this year. We had an even better experience this year and was very pleased with the experience. We had a group of 9, so we had to do the Mad Morning which came with scones, eggs, potatoes, berries, granola and a variety of teas. They were also very accommodating for the gluten free and vegetarian girls which was a plus! The food and teas were refilled upon request. The waitress was so sweet and I was very happy to be in such a cute atmosphere.
#REVIEW#I have come here a bunch of times with friends--the tiered sandwiches that come with the Mad Hatter is quite delicious! Highly recommend. The store itself is very cute. There are a bunch of decorations from Alice in Wonderland on the walls and the interior decoration is nice and rustic. They host a lot of tea parties for little kids and include fairy wings for the children to wear. The cups and saucers are also pretty cute. I would recommend getting any of the Alice's house blend teas--the signature Alice's tea has a lot of spices and is stronger if that's something that you prefer. On the other hand, the 44th POTUS is also a very nice alternative for a light and fruity tea. Onto something that I really care about and would recommend anyone getting..which is the scones..the scones are moist, not dry and the only scones that I would ever eat. Period. Paired with the clotted cream and jam, yum! My favorite scone is the pumpkin scone. And if you're vegan, they usually have a vegan option. ANOTHER thing that I really appreciate is that Alice's Tea Cup has gone tip-free; it's built into the price. I really appreciate that and value businesses that do that. The one thing that I was a little disappointed in was the ginger molasses cookie. I used to get it allll the time and really loved it. It was the perfect texture and pretty soft. This time though, it was a little dry and hard..not sure if it was because it was reheated again in the oven since it did come out warm, but really sad that it wasn't the same soft and gingery goodness that it was before.Overall, a pricey place, but then again, which tea place isn't..highly recommend the scones!
#REVIEW#While not as good as the original, if you really want the Alice experience it will do you just fine. Expect a wait- and slow service as they are clearly understaffed at this location. However if you don't mind all that the tea selection is stellar and the food high quality. The teapot and scone combo is great for groups and they do a full high tea. The place is a little worn, and my table did notice several ants but nothing that a renovation couldn't fix. Overall I don't think I will be coming back to this location.
#REVIEW#First time visiting Chapter 2! Came for breakfast this morning around 9:30 and the restaurant was pretty empty so my friend and I got seated right away! I got a cheese omelet which came with chicken and potato hash and as a side I got a coconut and cranberry scone. I also got the Bianca tea. Everything was delicious and served quickly. Can't wait to visit again soon.
#REVIEW#Favourite place in NY:) Love everything about this cute coffeshop. Would recommend this place to everyone m
#REVIEW#I came here last month for a private event.  I had never even heard of this place so I'm always happy to check out a new spot.  The inside vibe is super cute and the service was really great.The food was just OK, but the cupcakes were totally amazing.  Maybe the best in the city.  Definately recommended for the cupcakes!
#REVIEW#A lovely spot for an afternoon tea, lavish tea party, or a peaceful lunch! There are wings and fairy dust available for any patron and everything from the decor to the menu brings a magical experience. The tea selection is extensive and quality, with unique blends of many different kinds of tea. I opted for an herbal in a small tea pot which led to several cups of tea! It would've been enough to split with one other person - the large probably among several. The tea comes with lemon and honey on the side if you like and in a cute teapot!We tried a strawberry lemon scone and a chicken omelette (this wasn't on the menu but they allowed my friend to order it)! The scone flavors change daily and I enjoyed the light sweetness of the scone with my tea. The cream and jam was lovely as well.I'm planning my return already - probably for the tea service! The sandwich and dessert trays looked beautiful.
#REVIEW#Alice's Tea Cup is a fun place to go for a "girl's" day. It is by no means a top notch restaurant food wise but it is fun and different than the usual type of place. It is quirky, plates, cups do not match but do compliment each other and add to the theme and character of the place. The tea selection is vast and should satisfy everyone. The salads are fine but where this place shines is the scones!My daughter and I shared the Chocolate Raspberry with clotted cream. Please give us more cream! The scone was wonderful, crunchy and flavorful. I found a desert is not necessary if you get one of those. We both enjoyed our Lapsang Souchong Smoked Chicken Breast Salad. The ginger-soy dressing was flavorful. The mixed greens were fresh and crisp. The addition of a Granny Smith apple added an interesting compliment to the  tea-marinated eggs. The chicken was also enjoyable but a slightly larger portion would have been appreciated. I had them go easy o the carrots since I am not a big fan.The tea selection is vast and should satisfy everyone. A pot containing 3 cups was fine for the two of us. I love all kinds of tea so making a choice was difficult.My only complaint, if you want to call it that, is the price point. This place is rather costly for what you get. That 3 cup pot of tea, $17.50! Scones over $5 and salads $20. Definitely not your every day place to eat but it was fun.
#REVIEW#We went there on a groupon and we had a fairly nice time. I understand that you cannot substitute items, but for identical pricing (and given a fair upcharge) it should be allowed. When we went, I was pregnant and I couldn't eat most of the choices because they were cold and can pose a health risk. I wasn't able to substitute for warm sandwiches which would have been a safer option for me -I would have paid the price difference... it was kinda ridiculous. I only was able to eat the scones which were delicious, but I felt robbed of the experience we were seeking!! Without the groupon deal, the whole experience is grossly overpriced. If you need to substitute for health reasons, you can't... oh well.
#REVIEW#Service was terrible but the food was great! I came with the Pulsd deal for the Mad Hatter and had no issues using it. The Mad Hatter came with 3 choice of scone flavors, 2 sandwich choices, 2 tea flavors and a cake choice. The regular $71 price is way overpriced for this btw. The sandwiches were amazing! My mom and I shared the BLT and Ham choices and everything from the bread to the meat were fresh and delicious.The scones were also really good! I found the buttermilk a bit too dry but the raspberry and chocolate were incredible. They just don't give you enough clotted cream  and jam.I did not care for the tea, it was plain and had no flavor at all. I even chose their most popular tea and it was underwhelming.Service was terrible, took about 15 minutes for us to be served when we first got there and the place wasn't even packed at all. The waitress also was flightly, never came back to check on us and we couldn't even find her when it came time for the check. Improve your service and things will be a lot better.
#REVIEW#Alice's Tea Cup isn't usually a place I frequent but it's an adorable restaurant and has great photo opportunities. If you have children it's a great place because you get free butterfly wings entering and they have a lot of kid friendly items on the menu. Adult wise they do carry wines and cocktails and if you check in you get a free glass of wine!The major problem I had was the wait. I came during Veterans Day on Monday. You couldn't make reservations because it was a holiday but when we came in it wasn't too crowded. My party arrived at 12:15 and even though we were ready to order what we wanted in 5 minutes we couldn't get someone to take our order until 1! They told us they were short staffed but this has happened to me before as well. When we did place our order the food didn't take too long to come. They have such an extensive list of teas that you can actually purchase in the front as well. The prices are kind of expensive but I think you're paying to the "experience". I've ordered the mad hatter before which is perfect for 2/3 people. It comes with unlimited tea so be sure to utilize that. I never felt rushed when I visited so, try at least 2/3 teas during your visit especially since it's a tea pot for each person. You also get scones, 2 sandwiches of your choice and some desserts. The scones are probably the best part of the whole meal. I tried making scones myself but the ones from Alice's Tea Cup are so rich and buttery! and they have so many different flavors. If you're in the area they also have their scones in the front counter so you can purchase some in the morning. The sandwiches are pretty small and bite sized and the desserts aren't usually my favorite. All the afternoon tea selections though come in a 3 tier display making it really cute. For the price being about $75 for 2 people I really don't think it's worth it for the price you pay. The sandwiches and desserts aren't anything to write home about. I've ordered their BLT before which includes bleu cheese on pumpernickel. If you're not a fan of bleu cheese I don't recommend this because it's really strong. I actually liked my BLT but it was definitely not worth $18. If you're not a child and live in NYC I'd honestly recommend getting your own tea and making these tiny sandwiches/desserts yourself which will cost less than $20 and could probably feed more people.  They also have a policy where they've already added tip. I'm not the biggest fan of this policy because that means usually the waitresses don't try their best to make everyones experience great which, is why I think I wasted about an hour to get my order placed.
#REVIEW#It's like a neighborhood place, recommend that family to go for breakfast or brunch, Benedict is good. desert is also nice
#REVIEW#Have been going to Alice's tea cup for years ~ but recently, the service has been very slow ... very ... and food quality (eat in) is also not as good as before.  The scones are still good ...
#REVIEW#Very cute place for tea.  The rating here is based on consideration for the discount with Travelzoo (they also have specials on groupon).  It's overpriced without the discount.  However, there just aren't many places like this. It's cute and whimsical. At full price, the tea for two is $71, but with the Travelzoo voucher it is $45. It comes with sandwiches, scones desserts and two large pots of tea. The tea and scones were delicious. The sandwiches were just average - I think the bread they use is unique but it is dry. They have a very large selection of teas....more than you know what to do with. You can also choose from various types of scones (blueberry is best!), sandwiches and cakes.Aside from tea, they also have brunch and sandwiches and salads. Their menu is priced to include gratuity, so while the prices are a bit high, do keep that in mind. (Gratuity is separate if you purchase a discounted voucher). Overall fun and enjoyable. Service was good. Worth a try! Just not sure I'd be back for the full price tea service.
