#NAME#Gaia Italian Café
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gaia-italian-caf%C3%A9-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Wow!  Another really wonderful late lunch here the other day!We were greeted so warmly by Gaia, and, as others have mentioned, it felt as if we were coming over to her house for dinner.  It was really such a pleasure being there again, and the food was all so delicious.  I was hungering for Gaia's  antipasto that we had had previously, so we started with that. Everything was so fresh and delectable that we cleaned every last bit from our plates.Then we had the pesto lasagna, with such wonderfully fresh and soft pasta with great garlic and parmesan taste that I was smiling and sighing while I was eating- I couldn't help it!We also had a special - the meat ravioli with asparagus sauce. Oh, so scrumptious!Finally, we had an amazing tasting hazelnut nutella with a cherry one top for dessert.A perfect meal- we walked home smiling and very satisfied, indeed.We will return as often as we can!
#REVIEW#My friend and I tried calling to make a reservation around 3pm on Friday to make a reservation that night. No one answered so around 5:30/6pm we were in the neighborhood and decided to stop by and see if they had availability. First thing out of the lady's mouth was rude and condescending. We were simply inquiring and had no idea what to expect since only one table was taken. Acted as if everyone should know and took offense to us not knowing they were fully committed. She also denied that no one answered the phone? Acted as if we were insulting her and began to reprimand us which was very confusing and off putting.Wasn't even the first thing we brought up.You're in the SERVICE industry...don't know why you would ever treat anyone, less a potential customer this way (especially one that was respectful and excited to experience your restaurant). Such a bummer since we really wanted to support a small business that projects such a nice philosophy online. Being that reactive and nasty to people does not fit the ideology that you preach.A "I'm so sorry we're fully committed but I'd love for you to come back some other time if you'd like to make a reservation." Or offered a solution that is as warm, welcoming as their menu. Not the complete opposite as if she hated being there and didn't want anyone to even bother eating there.
#REVIEW#Feast or famine.  I'm sure those that they want to serve or get lucky don't come across the rudeness.We came early 10am to try to avoid the rush hour.  We were the only ones at the restaurant.First reason we were given that the restaurant wouldn't be good for us is they don't have bread.  I said okay it was fine.My wife wanted spaghetti for the kids so I asked if they had anything like that.  she started getting frustrated and said something like she was trying to tell me but that I'm too stubborn.She kept muttering things under her breath.  Clearly bitter that we didn't listen and just leave.  I just explained ya we will be gone after that dayI was ready to eat whatever they had but it was like the soup nazi episode.  I just wanted to taste the food.At this point after reading the reviews I was prepared that it would be this way so I said I'll just roll with it and not take it personal.I still didn't react.  So I started ordering off the daily specials and the regular menu.And most of the things she said she doesn't have except a few things.  She said she just opened and she tried to tell me we won't be happy. When we first came in she only said they dont have bread.  Then the reasons kept growing.So we just left.  Not sure why she felt she had to call me stubborn.  I asked one question the whole time and was there maybe a total of 2 to 3 minutes.She initially only said they don't have bread.  So if she wasn't clear they were not ready.  I can tell by the other reviews and my experience that she has to have the last word.
#REVIEW#This might be one of the best Italian restaurants I have ever been to. We came here on a blissfully empty Passover/Easter weekend. It's a compact little basement restaurant bursting with character. A big part of the kitchen is open so you can see a lot of the food prep happening. It's byob and we were well prepared with a bottle of wine. We ordered the bruschette plate which came with toasted bread and a selection of toppings. It was outstanding. It was a collection of things that I would never expect to go together, but were truly perfect. For the special I got the pesto shrimp special, which also was extraordinary. The pasta was perfectly cooked. The pesto sauce was very flavorful.I will 100% be back and would 10/10 recommend.
#REVIEW#Gaia Gaia Gaia. My #1 favorite restaurant in the entirety of New York City. Also I'm Italian, and do not tend to eat Italian food made by others, so that's saying a lot. She's had several proper conversations with my father before as our family hails from Bari and Molfetta, which she very much appreciated :)Truth be told, I used to come here 2x/week consistently with my boyfriend at the time while living in Lower East Side. I seriously feel famous because we gave her a nice Christmas card about 2 years ago and it's still posted on her counter :-) I wonder if she still remembers me. Here's what you need to understand before going to dine @ Gaia. She puts the food first. She is here to share the earth with us. Made from her blood, sweat and tears. She is not an angry or mean woman at all! Just please come in with respect and she will show you the same in return. In my opinion, it is a true honor to eat her food. Tips for non-locals:--Must order all entrees from the Daily Specials board. It will never steer you wrong and it's the absolute freshest and so creative--Musts for appetizers are the Pesto/Mozzarella/Tomato salad (so bright, fresh and just sings in your mouth) and the Antipasto for Two (can feed 3+ people)--The value you get here is unbelievable. People saying she's mean- Ha! Makes me laugh. We're all basically stealing & getting away like bandits considering how affordable her menu is!--NUTELLA PASTRIES. She always surprised us and sent us off with free ones hehe. They are medium sized squares that are flaky on the outside and gooey on the inside. Impeccable. Made in-house. Like everything else. Gaia Gaia Gaia. You are a STAPLE of New York City and I will continue to sing your praises. Now my mouth is watering for her meat tortellini :)Come here and you'll never forget it.
#REVIEW#I really liked this place. The set up is simple, order at the counter, grab a seat and wait for your food to arrive. We shared a couple of pasta dishes both of which were tasty, especially the special of the day which was a red sauce with ricotta and peas. I'm not sure the name for the shape of the pasta in this dish, but it had the perfect chew to it. The other pasta dish was a pesto lasagna which was good too. They were served with bread as well which was a good utensil for sopping up any remaining sauce.The atmosphere is pretty casual and the prices for the quality of the food is pretty great. Service felt a little iffy, but not awful. No doubt I would come back here again.
#REVIEW#Best most affordable hidden gem in nyc. I'm never not thinking about those crispy flatbread sandwiches. I usually get the Bubi & The Milanese but am eager to try them all. Those ladies run a tight ship and you can really tell how much they care about the food they put out. I wish they delivered but I understand why they don't. It's places like Gaia that make nyc so special and I hope it's around forever.
#REVIEW#Cozy Italian cafe with quality ingredients, big flavors, and great charm. Go for the Burratina with mushroom, amazing.
#REVIEW#Amazing. No place quite like it in the city. Tonight we had the dinner for 2. An ample plate of toppings for the Bruscetta, Medium antipasto which I put a photo of and a choice of 1 of 4 pasta of the day... today is Wednesday, Lee said it's meat day but he often makes stuff up to kid me. All 4 choices did have meat, we chose the Bolognese with eggplant. The pasta was a thick noodle and the bite it had was incredibly satisfying, cooked to perfection. The sauce was fantastic and the eggplant small cubes.Dessert was 2 of the Nutella pastries and a delightful homemade cookie. ILLY coffee. Total is 40 dollars for 2. Run across to the well loved East Houston Liquor store for BYO vino( no cork fee) and you have a night to remember. Made with love/soul.This is true to the description in every single review... like being in someone's home kitchen, no waiter service and flexibility. You have been warned to review the website and information. Read it over again. I am looking forward to my next visit soon.
#REVIEW#Gaia is a local gem that shouldn't be missed.  The food is awesome and the cafe itself feels like a little slice of Italy.  The style of the food and format of the cafe reminds me what it would be like if I had an Italian mom who was good at cooking.... you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Sidenote: you can also book out the restaurant for 20-30 of your friends for an Italian feast that's fun and fairly priced!  Can't speak highly enough for the quality of food and reasonable prices.  Come and visit!!
#REVIEW#Eat here! My favorite Italian place to eat. When I was younger I don't really know how to enjoy Italian as much because I was only expose to pasta or pizza, and it wasn't the gourment pizzas but it doesn't mean I didn't like it. just nothing too special.After I grew older being able to have a search engine, internet I was able to find this little gem spot. Absolutely thrill. Read from the reviews that they make everything from scratch, from there pasta/pizza of the day then there signature pesto lasagna and the panini.$7+ for there paniniaffordable prices for good eats in New York city
#REVIEW#This little gem was referred to me by a friend of a friend. They only have about nine tables and reservations are recommended. Be patient for perfection takes time. Yes, it is true your food begins to be made once your order is placed so things take a little longer but well worth the wait but this a good time to start with an app and my recommendation is the fresh Mozzarella with tomato and pesto. Because every item sounded better than the next we ordered a few items to share (3 adults)so we could Taste a little  we had hoped for left overs but hey the rule is you have to just go back and try a few more items.
#REVIEW#Soooo waited an entire year to come here as when we wanted to go on a special occasion, the brutal cold weather and my hubby's ripped suit pants from front to back begged us to go home. Lol. Yep it was that cold his suit pants ripped when he bent over to reach inside his backpack. Had to share those details for context. Haaaa!A year ltr, we popped in on a Friday before 5 pm thinking we could get lucky but the lady and guy at the counter said we would have to make a reservation. The lady smiled and was very friendly in explaining how to make a reservation and wished us a Merry Christmas. I left wondering, could that be the "mean" woman everyone is referring to on yelp cuz she was far from mean. Anyway, we visited the Gaia website and became well versed on how stuff works around there. We made a reservation the day before and when we arrived, we were told what table was assigned to us. Three ppl were on the shift. Same guy we encountered on first unsuccessful visit cuz we had no reservation, the chef and another lady w glasses. Still wondering if that was the "mean' lady cuz she too, was nice and very attentive while answering my hubby's MANY questions before finally ordering. Let's just say he went back to the counter several times to ask about the menu and the lady never snapped at my hubby. Could it be cuz he expressed that he knew it was mandatory to order food before 6:30 pm? Who knows but zero attitude from anyone so far.On the contrary, when I went to the counter to order an arugula salad as an extra in case the food we ordered so far may not be enough (we deliberately came starving after an hr walk to Gaia), the guy said oh don't worry, you already have a salad incl w your order. We ordered the prix fixe. Well if you have a look at my photos, the portions of their prix fixe was more than enough for 2 ppl. The meat lasagna was an extra in case the ravioli was not enough. So as far as food and service goes, The bad yelp reviews are a still mystery to me. Our food came fluidly and attentively and the hot food came piping hot and remained hot w their brilliant metal pot plates w lids. The food was delicious and generous. The lady serving our dishes was always correct and wasted no time to serve our next dish or to clear our table. There was no tax on the bill so that expected tax just went towards their well deserved tip! We left extremely happy w our experience especially that we were celebrating our anniversary. I left w the feeling no different than from visiting an authentic no bullshit and sugar coated eatery in Italy or Spain. It is all about the food and food alone. Thank you Gaia for making our special day memorable. We will make it a tradition now to celebrate our anniversary here. I
#REVIEW#The best home cooked feeling Italians food out here in the LES. Just a cafe but not an averaged one. This place serves AMAZING food and they have new menus every day!! If I could I would have gone here everyday for lunch. The food is really that good. The pastas here are soooo delicious that after you're done eating you just can't stop dipping your bread in the bowl to clean the sauce out. Their staples are the lasagna and their paninis! Like the owner always says there's no meatball pasta here because it's not Italian it's amarican! They serve meatballs and potatoes instead. We always order a ridiculous amount of food because we always just want everything. They also serve amazing tiramisu and ily coffees!!!!
#REVIEW#OWNER IS RUDE AFDON'T GO THERE EVERI asked if that's possible to bring americano after the meal, she told me in a really rude way "Girl, I will do everything the way I want ". And in 2 min she brought me a fresh brew. I told here thats not an americano , and she started to scream out loud that I will not teach her how to do americano. After she asked my nationality and told that all Ukrainians are stupid as Americans . WHAT? She continued here monologue for 15 min and after she was laughing as a pschyco
#REVIEW#For those of us who have lived in New York a long time, and have an affinity for the types of places that show up on Vanishing New York, or are mourned on EV Grieve when they are inevitably replaced by a Starbucks or a Chase Bank...Gaia Italian Café is the culinary equivalent of amazing Off-Off-Broadway theater, a passionate labor of love, accomplished by a very small, hardworking crew, busting their butts to perform for a small and occasionally less-than-appreciative audience. It makes no sense on paper, for those who are concerned with numbers and buzziness. Just another reason why it's so special. A bit of a miracle, really.The food and coffee will make you feel as though you just traveled to Italy, and somehow wandered in to the place where all the locals eat. A lucky discovery. I say this as a ding dong who bopped around for years, trumpeting that I hated Italian food, when really what I hated was gluey, fast-cooling pasta slathered in uninspiring red sauce. The first time I went to Italy, I was a near-penniless Eurailer, sleeping in stations, and growing fat on bread which was the only food I could afford. The second time, I was wandering around Rome with an ancient Rome obsessed child...and I started to get why people liked the food. The third time, I was hunkered down in the hazelnut fields of Cuneo and a borrowed apartment in Lucca, and the transformation was complete. As long as someone like Gaia is at the stove, I love Italian food!I can understand how Gaia is hurt by the negative reviews here... those customers were never gonna be happy in an Off-Off-Broadway type venue, and now they're talking smack on the Internet. If you require 5 star hotels when traveling, don't eat here. Leave the table for people who will appreciate the effort, who appreciate that there is still some old-skool NYC neighborhood character left for us to enjoy. I should also note that Gaia is right around the corner from the Wild Project and thus makes an excellent pre-theater dinner spot. Final thought: pesto lasagna. Served in a deep dinged-up metal bowl, accompanied by a rolled up paper of homemade focaccia to use as a little shoe for all that delicious sauce. This is true home cooking, true home care. Thank you, Gaia.
#REVIEW#This homey establishment is tucked into a basement space on the Lower East Side. It has a funky flair with rubber ducks as decor and old magazines displayed under the glass of the tables. We were lucky to pop in without a reservation when it opened at 6:30 on a Saturday, although I think reservations are usually required. You order at the counter, they hand you some plates and silverware, and you take a seat. At the end, you pay at the counter. Service is fairly curt in my experience; small, cozy kitchen vibe. PSA it's BYOB. On to the food! I had read of the spinach and ricotta gnocchi so was super pumped to try that. Unfortunately, it wasn't what we expected for gnocchi. The dish consisted of balls of spinach and some ricotta in tomato sauce, not the pillowy dumplings I thought of as gnocchi. I'm sure this is a valid rendition of gnocchi, I just wish that it had been made clearer on the menu so we would have known what to expect. We thought that perhaps these were the meatballs? . . . maybe they had just forgotten to add the meat?? But no, the waitress explained that this gnocchi doesn't have potatoes. The dumplings tasted like cooked and somewhat bland balls of spinach and cheese -- would pass on it next time.We also ordered the potatoes and meatballs which I thought were fine but also lacked flavor. The best dish we had was one of the daily specials -- a truffle tagliatelle. This was rich and creamy; I wish we had gone with more pasta for the rest of the meal.
#REVIEW#Would give no stars if yelp allowed me to- this place is racist and effectively ruined our friend's birthday dinner. Do not come here. The owners got in my friend's face (it was his birthday) and asked him "why we came here, because it's cheap" assuming that we had come here because it was cheap. To ask this at all is extremely disrespectful, and to ask this to the only table with people of color is racist. The owner then proceeded to yell at us about our volume and say we had no respect or education when there was an equally loud, all-white table across the restaurant that was being given completely different treatment to the disrespect and harassment that we received. Because it was so uncomfortable, we decided to leave and pay for the little bit we had eaten. When explaining this to the owner, the owner then threatened to call the police. As we were leaving, the owners shouted at us to get out, and yelled at us saying we had no respect or education. No one should ever have to deal with this, especially on their birthday. Do not come here. I am sure the owner will respond as she has to all other negative reviews and say our "narrative was wrong or incorrect" but this is exactly what racist people say. As the only table with people of color in the restaurant, the treatment my friends received was clearly racist and prejudiced. Do yourself a favor and do not come here.
#REVIEW#You go strictly for the food, the decor is very bare bones and the service is pretty strict so make sure you read up on their website before you go. Making a reservation for dinner is basically a must since the restaurant is so small, they also don't take dinner walk ins. So you first go to the cashier and tell them your name for the reservation, they tell you where your table is, you walk over to your table with the menu and decide what you want, then you go back to the cashier to order. When you order, you have to tell them if you are sharing the food since it affects when the food comes out, when you share dishes, the plates come out one at a time. After ordering, they give you plates and utensils from the cashier area and you take it back to your table. Afterwards, they bring you your water and then the food comes one at a time.  When you are done with your meal, you go back to the cashier to pay. Also, all dishes come with a thin homemade focaccia which is a nice to dip into the sauce. And make sure to check their hours since they can be a little unusual.The food:Caciotta Alla Toscana- Truffle Caciotta cheese with truffle honey. Oh...my...God... was this delicious! It was the perfect starter, it is an absolute must order, if it is available. The cheese had a nice truffle flavor and a really wonderful nuttiness and it paired perfectly with the truffle honey and the foccacia. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Baked Crispy Pasta with Parmesan and Meat Sauce. This was from the specials board, I enjoyed the flavor but I did think the pasta was a bit more firm than what I am used to. I did enjoy the meat sauce, it was nice and hearty with a nice robust flavor from the tomato sauce. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi- Spinach and ricotta balls served in tomato sauce topped with Parmesan. This was the dish I was most excited to try but I thought it was just OK. The gnocchi wasn't really what I was expecting, it was more like a dumpling than a gnocchi. The skin on the gnocchi was really thin and the filing wasn't has flavorful as I was hoping. The tomato sauce, on the other hand, had so much flavor, but I did wish the sauce was a bit thicker. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
#REVIEW#Gaia will come for me in her response for writing this, will probably only respond to the "negative" parts (which isn't an attack on her inherently, just constructive criticism) but I've got to speak my truth.I've been a patron of this establishment for at least seven years. Everyone who knows or have known me I've brought to this restaurant: friends, co-workers, (former) lovers, colleagues, etc. The food is truly amazing, so let's get that one out the way. Everything is always fresh. You really do feel like you're in a Mediterranean villa, breeze blowing on your back, eating away at your arugula salad or panini with grilled eggplant and ricotta, lasagna, you name it. I appreciate the high quality of food combined with its affordability. Anyone who loves food, especially Italian food, and doesn't want to spend an arm and a leg for it will love what they offer here.But that's really where it ends. I'm wrestling with whether or not to return here because Gaia is so rude. No, she didn't completely flip out on me, but that's not the only form of violence that exists. Violence can also exist in mundane, everyday language, attitude and energy. Why be snarky and tell me to be patient when you're the one fucking up? Basic rules of running a business when there's an exchange of cash is having a register with 1s, 5s, 10s, 20s and coins so you can give change to your patrons. They never took credit cards for the longest, so I always come here with cash.Then she laughs when I tip. I understand, you care about not stiffing your customers with high prices, and I definitely look like a poor college student sometimes. And I also respect your business, your craft, your employees, what you all contribute to the space, and I want to show that appreciation. It's the least I can do. But to laugh as I'm walking away? That really sucks, to put it lightly.I don't understand (but kind of do because this is so typical in the world these days) how this person can say the words 'love and peace' as it relates to her and her values but then treat her customers, the bedrock of her business, like shit whenever that energy in her arises. And when I say that, I'm speaking about all the customers she's yelled at over the years and recently, all the folks who've written such comments on this website. I thought she had gotten a little better because she's been nice to me for the most part, but today, I read recent negative comments so maybe nah. The world is really coming to an end because abusers can use words like love and peace and get away with treating people like trash, effectively stripping those words of their actual meaning and failing to take an opportunity to step away from their narcissism (evident in her responses to all those negative comments - see for yourself) to examine how they negatively impact people. Yes, you can serve good food, think you're a loving and peaceful person, and still be a piece of shit sometimes. We're all complex, those things can co-exist simultaneously. Just do something about it, and you'll be fine. No one should be scared before they walk into your restaurant about whether they'll see a nasty side of you. Your customers shouldn't have to feel like they're walking on pins and needles when they interact with you. Totally unacceptable.We as a culture have normalized abuse to the point where the media can write articles about her (the rudeness is legendary) and chalk it up to an eccentric personality. No! Everyone deserves to be treated with respect, especially if they're not being aggressive in any way, especially if they're your customers. Well, maybe the people should speak, and boycott your establishment. Maybe the best way to deal with such a person is to stick it to them where it hurts - their bottom line. Maybe it's worth the sacrifice of pleasure and sustenance.If she can't control her impulses for being rude, maybe she should stop interacting with customers. There was a time in the last year where her employees dealt with orders. And they're so sweet! Except for her, sometimes, unfortunately.Again, I love her food, but I don't think I can support someone like this much longer.
