#NAME#Turntable Chicken Jazz
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/turntable-chicken-jazz-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chicken_wings,korean#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Leave it to the Koreans to tap into something that is going to make them some cash!  The hostess was courteous but not overly friendly, and I think that is a cultural thing.  You either want to eat here or not, so keep your expectations to yourself.  When the first waitress came, but my friends weren't ready but I ordered a drink and some chicken to start since it takes awhile.  She left one menu and we never saw her again.  LOL!We flagged down another girl and gave the rest of our order: fried cheese, fried dumplings, fried rice, and bulgogi.  The chicken came out first and gotta love the double fried crispiness!  We had half spicy and half soy.  Personally, I liked the soy the best.  The cheese came out with a jalepeno sauce and one other tomato base but the cheese was coated in panko and sooooo good!  The fried dumplings were good and the rice was ok, but the bulgogi had some really good flavors!  Overall, it was a fun dining experience.  I think most of the positive reviews are correct.  I mean, we had a great time inspite of Miss Korea's attitude, but again, you either want to eat here or not.  Also, everything is fried...in oil...if you have a pansy digestive system, stay the Eff away!  The interior is really cool!  Love the jazz playing!  It would've been great if there was a live deejay that evening.  I would definitely come back!
#REVIEW#I don't understand how this place gets a 4 star rating. Perhaps our experience was an anomaly but I doubt it. The waitress was full of attitude and indifference and the food was mediocre at best. My mate was sick all night. The place is attractive and well designed, with cool lighting, high ceilings and musical artifacts all over the walls. The Jazz is good but recorded not live.  On a recent week night the place was jammed with mostly millennials. Seems it's a Korea-Town favorite. We got a table jammed in the back. It seemed as though the waitress was oblivious to our existence for a long time. When she finally came she was brusque indifferent and rude. I asked about a draft beer on the menu and she read back "IPA" from the menu as if I was an idiot wasting her time.  We asked about a couple of food items on the menu and she couldn't be bothered explaining. Perhaps it was a language thing. Either way it was slow and indifferent service all the way. Question - Why does it take 25 minutes for chicken wings in a place that's all about chicken wings, in an area full of ... chicken wings?  The fries came 20 minutes before the wings and the corn was soggy and boring.  When the wings came they were plump but greasy.  So disappointing.  We would have been willing to have suffered the abuse if the wings were spectacular or even good.  They were ordinary at best, hot sauced but not spiced or interesting like many other Korean wings in the area. Not sure but perhaps there was MSG in the mix, either way we both left with sore stomachs.  My partner was sick all night.  So disappointing as we know and love Korean Chicken Wings. The waitress was slightly friendlier when she finally brought the check, realizing her tip was at stake. It still took another 15 minutes and our having to enlist 2 busboys to find our check and server after we had signed to finally escape.  Overall It felt like a formula pumping out mediocre food in a place with a great facade but not much more. Maybe its really just a fancy drink and snack joint as opposed to an actual restaurant.  We left feeling sick and sad that date night had been wasted here. Won't be back!
#REVIEW#I called to find out if the kitchen was still open. It was a quarter to midnight. I was told to hurry because it would be closing in 20 minutes.After finding a parking spot, which in the city is always, always, a struggle to find, and expensive, we walked into an open door, dimly lit, narrowly shaped,  restaurant. At first appearance, it seemed like this was where all the "cool cats" hung out, before and after the party. We took a seat at the bar towards the front after looking around for a seat. The restaurant wasn't full but, it wasn't completely empty either. People were at the bar, sitting at tables at the back of the restaurant, and sitting at high-tops up front. Loved the vibe. It was after 1 o'clock in the morning and it felt like 8 pm instead. The city doesn't sleep. We ordered a 12 piece soy ginger chicken, grilled edamame, and fries. The chicken was the of best double-fried chicken I've ever had. It takes around 20 minutes to prepare so be ready to wait. It's worth the wait. I took my leftovers back to the hotel and finished them off the next day. The vibe is so cool. The shelves are full of records, old radios, speakers, and tons of pictures focused on jazz, the jazz era, and the musicians that we all know and love. Service was excellent. This will definitely be a place I'll return to when I'm back in New York City.
#REVIEW#Dope spot for a night with friends or a date. You can't go wrong with the chicken and atmosphere here as there is ample space to dine and sit either in a group setting, two seaters, or by the bar. Turntable Chicken Jazz, as the name suggests, plays jazz music (unfortunately not live) and gets you in the mood for a casual night out in K-town whether to start, have a snack in between, or to end it.The prices are decent and the food is always well worth it. They don't give much banchan unfortunately. Of course come here for the Korean friend chicken! The drink list for cocktails is surprisingly good (they make a delicious lavender cocktail). I always get something with my dinner. Fries are always worth getting with the fried chicken too. Overall, this place is a safe bet for late night chicken and drinks. Closes decently late (but a bit too early for the K-town life). A mixture of tourists and locals occupy this eatery. Service is good although there were times it got slow and you may have to chase the waiter/tress. Accepts card and cash.Bathrooms available.Bon appetit!
#REVIEW#Turntable has been on my list for a while, and it was an interesting experience to say the least! The pros: - Open late : I tend to get out of work after midnight (restaurant job) , so I'm always on the lookout for late-night venues with good food/drinks. Turntable was open until 2am on a Saturday night unlike all the other chicken places on 32nd street, so my coworker and I stopped by to satiate our Korean fried chicken craving. We got the medium sized chicken wings in half soy-garlic and half spicy flavor as well as a tower of beer.Food: The chicken wings were amazing!!! The breading was light and crispy and the sauce was just perfect. While I like spicy food I often avoid spicy KFC from places like bonchon cuz they over do it on the heat and I end up not being able to even enjoy the chicken. Turntable on the other hand got the balance of heat and flavor just right. And soy garlic is always yummy!Cons:Beer:While the beer tower is fun and festive with smoke coming out the top and changing lights on the tower, but the beer wasn't really cold enough.Atmosphere :The decor is kind of industrial chic with vintage jazz paraphernalia lining the walls and jazz playing all night long, as you would expect from the namesake. I do like the aesthetic and  while a big fan of jazz, I wasn't completely sold on the KFC + jazz concept, but maybe that's just a me-problem Overall, I think it's worth checking out Turntable: I would prefer chicken joints with more of a bustling and lively bar vibe, but the food is spot on, and it's an interesting concept that'll probably provide good fodder for conversation.
#REVIEW#I love the ambiance of this restaurant and bar. When you walk in you automatically see thousands of records stacked on the wall and hundreds of record players. The atmosphere is inviting and the servers are ready to help. The place is bigger than you expect when you first walk in as well, with many more tables in the back to the left. Good for a drink after work, with a friend, or a group. My favorite things to get here are the Korean Fried Chicken wings (6pcs. $10.95, 12 pcs.$18.95, 20 psc. $23.95) I usually get half soy garlic and half hot (if you like spice, the hot wings have a good kick to them). You can't get KFC without a drink. When I am with friends I usually order a large soju ($30), which is more than twice the size of the small one ($19) and a pitcher of Hite ($30) my beer of choice with soju. I have also gotten the Kimchi Fried Rice ($12.95), which is not my favorite that I have had. Would not get again. The Fried Dumplings ($9.95) were okay but wasn't a huge fan of the sauces they use on the KFC on the dumplings. The sauces are great on the KFC, but tasted a lil off on the dumplings.
#REVIEW#Just ok. Had the hush puppies and they were very dry and bland unfortunately - the sauce was its saving grace. Then we had both the garlic and spicy chicken. Although both definitely juicy and cooked to perfection, the flavors were just ok. We also had a couple of beers from the tap and they were so flat that we exchanged them for new ones, and when we did, the second round was flat as well. I hate that I'm comparing them to Mad for Chicken (which I loved), but it's Korean fried chicken so it's hard not to. I probably won't be back.
#REVIEW#Feed me Chicken and tell me I'm pretty. Just kidding. I'll have the chicken. First let me say this place is gorgeous. Walls lined with records. Jazz inspired decorations. Reminds me a lot of the set up at Mono Mono. Similar aesthetic. This place just had a fun energy. Staff was great. We came for a quick lunch snack. Food: okay this is crazy but their Spicy Mayo is sooo gooood! By the time I finished dipping my chicken I had gotten through the entire 2 ounce cup. Sigh. Summer season needs to come later this year haha. Potato Twister- a spiral potato on a stick expertly seasoned! The potato was so perfectly crispy I was impressed. Absolutely must try. Also tip: make sure you dip it in the....you guessed it spicy mayo. I seriously need this recipe. Wing: Ooohh music to mah belly. They are twice fried so they take a bit of time which is why an app is perfect. The wings are so crispy the coating falls right off as you bite in. The meat is so juicy. Oh this is amazingly executed fried chicken. The pickled radish were bomb as well. Would def comeBack for this again. You have many great Korean Fried Chicken in the area but this ambiance is so unique you'll wanna come here and feel your ears fill with music and you belly fill with some good eatin'. And please use those moist towelettes and wash your hands. Your phone will thank you.
#REVIEW#Korean fried chicken is one of my (many) guilty pleasures, but it can be surprisingly difficult to find high quality KFC in NYC. Pictures appeared promising though for this place, so I decided to try it out last Saturday around 7pm. We were lucky enough to walk in without a reservation and snag a high top table without waiting. A line immediately started to form after we sat down, so keep in mind this place gets busy on the weekends. Ordered a Large half & half combo, which was the perfect amount of food for 2 people exclusively eating fried chicken. I found the soy garlic to be better than the hot, the latter of which did not have much sauce/flavor outside the heat. However, the soy garlic flavor was perfect and highly recommended. Would be interesting to know if they could combine the two sauces for a spicy garlic soy...that would be perfectOverall, I'd definitely return for the KFC here. Clearly double fried and solid quality, I'd recommend it to satiate your next KFC craving.
#REVIEW#We came here after the NY Auto Show to grab a quick bite before heading home and we were ecstatic to find a place that had perfectly crispy and flavorful Korean fried chicken. It was freshly fried, perfectly sauced, and to die for. Both me and my boyfriend are so much, it hurt to walk. They also have really delicious twister potatoes. I would definitely come back here to get more chicken.
#REVIEW#Turntable Chicken Jazz is a good place to catch up with friends while enjoying yummy fried chicken (and more)! The restaurant is spacious and even though I went on a Tuesday night, it get packed rather quickly. My friends and I caught up over some delicious hand cut french fries, fried calamari, corn cheese, and of course, half and half wings. I personally can not handle spicy even though I like eating it, so I preferred the soy garlic over the spicy wings. Happy with the service because the servers were both friendly and attentive. Not sure if I would go back again because there are more Korean fried chicken options but I would definitely recommend people to try it if they haven't yet!
#REVIEW#Popped in here to dodge a deluge of rain and enjoy a drink (or two). The name of this place is very confusing and in all honesty, I'm still not sure I checked in to the right one! However, I think this is it. It was very music themed with a ton of old school albums all over the place. Since we sat at the bar closest to the entrance/exit, I learned that this place does a really fun beer pitcher with all fancy lights and dry ice. So yeah, I'll be coming back for that. The music was surprisingly a bit loud which made it a bit difficult to chat, but I find myself saying that the older I get, so it probably is just me. The bartender wasn't super attentive, not sure if it was intentional or that we were just sat off to the side so we were also kind of out of the way. In terms of midtown bars though, this one is definitely a step up in terms of ambiance and, not sure if this was because it was a weekend, not stuffed with commuters. I'm very interested in seeing what this place is like on a different and having one of those fun pitchers.
#REVIEW#Really really good Korean fried chicken! My new fav in Korean town. Located in 33rd street.Will definitely return! 超級好吃！
#REVIEW#A very cool place to eat and enjoy with friends! I came here on a Saturday for dinner and was seated immediately. Granted, the weather was forecasted to be bad so may be the reason for no wait. We ordered the bulgogi burger and kimchi fried rice and we loved both! Funny enough, we didn't even try the fried chicken so we'll definitely have to stop by again for that!We also ordered the Obama bomb which was, as expected, pretty bomb. Also ordered the beer tower ($50) which came in a huge light up dispenser with liquid nitrogen on top. It was dope! Definitely shareable among even a group of six but we finished it as a group of three.
#REVIEW#Two years ago we went to their old location and left with fond memories of friendly service, shots, discs and album covers interestingly along the walls. Oh, and good fried chicken. Went back about two years later and a little taken back by the bigger and louder space. The decor is still great. I spy with my little eye would be insane here. The music is great. We still went for the combo orders of chicken. Half and half. Edamame steamed and two beers. It does take about half an hour for the food, but our waitress did advise us of so and though she kept repeating our order I was okay with it. I would rather that then her messing up. Others say that there is no set waitress, but we did seem to have one. There was one guy who just came by friendly asking if we had questions about the menu and another to take the card (that was ready to pay.) About the fried chicken.. As crispy as it gets. I felt like the soy garlic could have a stronger seasoning/sauce, but the spicy chicken was just right. The drum pieces were also pretty big. Tasty.
#REVIEW#A friend recommended this place for dinner and we made a reservation for Tuesday night for 7:30pm. So glad we did because the restaurant was already packed by the time we got there. The restaurant is roomy and there's additional seating in the back. The atmosphere is great! There's an old school vibe to the restaurant and the interior decor is filled with records and turntables.Our servers were prompt when taking our orders and the food arrived relatively quick. Granted, the chicken took a little longer but that's to be expected. My friends and I got the following items to share:Large half & half combo ($23.95): The combo came with both drums and wings and was well worth the wait. The batter was crispy and the meat was tender and flavorful. We opted for the half & half but I definitely liked the soy garlic wings better. The hot wings were on the spicer side so if you can handle spice; go for it!Corn Cheese ($6.95): This dish came with corn and melted mozzarella cheese. This dish was pretty standard and is perfect for anyone who's coming in a big group and plan to do family style.Hand Cut Fries ($8.95): You can never go wrong with fries and I would also say that this appetizer was pretty standard. It came with both ketchup and spicy mayo sauce.Fried Calamari ($13.95): Hard pass on this. This appetizer was a bit disappointing because I felt like the batter was too thick. Additionally, it tasted bland due to the lack of seasoning.Overall, this is a great hangout spot for catching up with friends and for some good eats. Glad I was able to try this spot out.
#REVIEW#I went here on a Monday evening and I do love the ambiance and vibe. It had vintage records or decorations on the walls, dim reddish/mood lighting, and jazz playing. I came here with a friend and we shared some dishes and tried some drinks.I think I wasn't particularly wowed by any dish but everything was well done. I had the half and half chicken wings. The spicy ones were better than the other flavor but still could have been spicier for me. Also I felt the spice was all due to pepper but I would have preferred a chili or more nuanced type of spice or flavor to it. I tried the seafood pancake ($15) and again, I felt it was too bland. I didn't really taste any seafood actually. I had the beef bulgogi and it was a small portion size but flavored well. I had a lavender cocktail. It was quite light but I didn't feel the lavender flavor coming through strong enough. If you want a lavender cocktail I suggest the one at Maze (also in Ktown). I also tried the traditional (not flavored) Soju. I thought it was pretty smooth and went down well. I would say this place is 3.5 stars. I think the ambiance is great but the food was good but not particularly noteworthy. I also felt there was a disconnect for me like I did not really get how the jazz or vintage music vibe was incorporated into the food? So I just felt there was somehow a disconnect between the food and the ambiance.
#REVIEW#Fun, lively, and hip spot for Korean fried chicken and drinks. You can always rely on the chicken here - the meat is consistently tender and flavorful, and the batter is perfectly light and crispy with your choice of addictive soy garlic or hot sauce. I've also tried some other Korean dishes and thought they all tasted fine, pretty standard overall. The chicken and beer towers are definitely the must-orders here. Reservations for this location were pretty easy to make via email. I recently came with a group of 6 and although the late night Friday crowd got a little rowdy (several rounds of birthday singing and lots of cheering), it made the atmosphere all the more fun! We all had a great time and would happily come back for a night out of drinking and wings.
#REVIEW#This place is chic. Nice decorations and cool ambient. Chicken is delicious, crispy and perfect. the seafood pancake was a bit disappointing, it didn't have any seafood on it at all. Save yourself a bunch and order regular pancake. Fries were yummy. Service was a bit rush. The waitress kept coming back to hurry us but there was no people waiting for our table. Overall good Korean chicken and hang out place. Will come back when in Ktown.
#REVIEW#My friend and I decided to try this place out after another friend recommended it. We went right after work on a Wednesday and were seated right away. The place filled up rather quickly after that. The wait staff was very attentive and were always right there if we needed anything and were ready to order.We got two drinks (Hite!) and fries to start us off. The fries were so good. We couldn't put our finger on what the dipping sauce was, but we were big fans. We looked at the menu to figure out what we should get, which was easy enough- Korean wings of course! We both got boneless 12 piece wings, half soy garlic and half hot. When our orders arrived, oh man! These boneless pieces were a lot bigger than I expected! I even questioned why there was a 6 piece choice on the menu, but now I completely understand. The soy garlic was very flavorful and the hot wings were most definitely spicy, but doable. Between the two of us, we each took home some wings and couldn't finish the fries, which is great for us! The bill ended up not as bad as we thought so that's even better!We definitely enjoyed our meal and got our money's worth. The ambiance and design of the restaurant is really cool! We want to come back again with friends to try the beer tower!
