#NAME#Rustic Table
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/rustic-table-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mediterranean,cafes,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#We've had breakfast sandwiches here. Every ingredient was fresh, which makes the sandwich very tasty. I ordered the salmon sandwich with avocado and my wife ordered the avocado sandwich with mozzarella and we ordered shakshuka for the table. The finish was amazing with the Nutella croissant.Their coffee is also great! Up to the high standards.And our waitress Deniz was very helpful. She is a cool lady with high enthusiasm and she brings the energy level of the place very high.Good experience, definitely recommended.
#REVIEW#Came to this little breakfast/brunch spot after attending an event nearby. We walked in at around 10:45am with a group of 7 people and were surprised to see how tiny the inside of this place was. We were told that the wait would be 20+ minutes, but since 3 people in our group had to leave shortly after our arrival, we were actually seated much sooner than that. The host also made sure we were comfortably seated even though our table was small. Great service.Our group had a ton of different dietary restrictions, all of which were nicely accommodated (vegan, vegetarian, dairy-free, etc). I personally wanted to try to smoked salmon sandwich, but since I couldn't have the cheese/cream components in there, I opted to do a DIY version suggested to me by our waitress - a side order of smoked salmon and croissant. This totally did the trick for me and was a good portion. Not too much, but not too little.We also all had almond milk/oat milk lattes. These actually took a long time to come out since the place got so busy, but its good to know they have so many dairy-free milk options.
#REVIEW#I thought this was a full service restaurant but it's a small sandwich and coffee shop. Smoked Salmon sandwich was my order. Added avacado. My sandwich came out without avacado. But my waitress redeemed the sandwich, avacado on the side. Lol. I placed the sliced avacado on the salmon and one bite of this sandwich made me smile. It was good. Fresh bread and ingredients make for some of the best sandwiches. Coffee is good. Just right for a late lunch.This place is dog friendly. So nice to see.
#REVIEW#Great place for a light lunch. Good service and far enough away from times square to not see so many tourist.  The Saksouka was delicious and I ordered the feta & olives on the side. Definitely recommend!
#REVIEW#The Rustic Table remains true to its name. Walking into the small dining space adorned with wooden countertops, mechanical copper ceiling fixtures and hanging lights, the ambience feels like a well aged soul. The seating is notably limited and may be difficult for a large party on busy brunch morning, but perfect for a party of 1-3 with bar seating and several communal tables. The waiters were all very polite and extremely helpful with describing the Mediterranean menu items, dishes as they come out and regularly refills your water. I dropped by for a late lunch but in an crazed, always-breakfast mood, grabbed an Early Lunch. It was picturesquely presented in a mini-iron skillet with sunny side egg that drizzles delicious yolk to the flavorfully marinated beef brisket beneath. The blend of savory and creamy flavors were delicious and satisfies both my hunger and brunch cravings. The meal also came with olives and pita with house made black olive butter, when combined with a bite or two of the brisket pairs perfectly. Will definitely come back to explore other parts of the menu, the dining experience is a draw in itself!
#REVIEW#4.5/5 stars actually! .5 removed because the Yelp wait list was a disappointment. I joined the wait list for a late lunch (nearly 2pm) for a party of 2. We were alerted a table would be ready for us and to go in with my full party to check-in which we did but we ended up having to wait nearly 40 minutes more... Everytime we checked in, they'll tell us our table was ready, 5 more minutes or a couple more minutes and I was getting so hangry. Wish the wait list option was more reliable esp since this place is on the smaller side.Food and table service wise everything was great! I ordered the 'early lunch' and it was really good! It was flavorful but not overpowering and whatever that butter mix was, it was sooo good. If you're really hungry - this really is the perfect option! The area I sat in the back also hang hooks to hang your bag or jacket behind me which was a nice touch.
#REVIEW#"Early lunch" made my Friday.My wife prefer decaf and she had amazing decaf latte.During our conversation, they recognized we came from other city and gave us their post card. We'll definitely come back again! :)
#REVIEW#Had a really good breakfast here! Came in with my family last week and we really enjoyed our meal. We somehow lucked out and ended up not having to wait in line for a spot! The place is super small, hence the long waiting times. The decor is super cute though, and they do a great job of crafting a light, fun atmosphere. We ordered 2 shakshoukas, a hot nutella, and the veggie. The shakshoukas were pretty good, but honestly not the best I've ever had. The egg was a bit too runny, but the sauce had a bit of kick that I really enjoyed. I have to say the highlight of the meal was the incredible pita they gave us. It was honestly one of the best pitas I've ever had! The hot nutella was also incredible (when is nutella not good??) and the veggie was pretty delicious. Overall solid experience here !
#REVIEW#Small cozy place. We love food here it's really good. Must try croissant with Nutella and peanut butter.
#REVIEW#Excellent food! Excellent service! Cute Atmosphere.Not much else I can say. I kind of want to keep this place my " secret " and not post about it, because this place is a treasure in Hell's Kitchen.
#REVIEW#Fear of Missing Out, aka FOMO. I felt this for a long, long time passing by Rustic Table on my weekend walks about Hell's Kitchen with friends. We always weaved in and out of the crowds waiting for seats to open up, glancing in to see more people clumped inside by the door, probably more than the number actually seated. For those who discovered joining the waitlist via Yelp, they happily walked up and in. I eventually discovered this when I went for my first time.But even after my friend and I finally made it as diners on a Sunday morning for brunch, I still felt FOMO. FOMO for not understanding what all the rage is about! The portions are tiny, my shakshuka was unremarkably bland with two eggs and a shallow pool of flavorless tomato. The entree came with an arugula salad, and well, it was small too. I came hungry and left hungry. And sad. I might try again someday, but for the price point I'm not sure if it's worth risking another disappointing moment.
#REVIEW#Awesome brunch spot if you can get over the long line... slow cooked beef is mouth watering and probably the best pita bread I've had in quite a while paired with Devine olive butter
#REVIEW#Amazing!!! Everything was perfect! I travel with 3 picky eaters and all 4 of us were extremely pleased with our selections.  Small but excellent service!!
#REVIEW#Been trying to go here for some time now and finally made it this past Easter Sunday. Not too long of a wait, but it was clear this place was very popular, and I can now see why. The service was exceptional and the food was impeccably prepared and just all-around delightful. I got the Farmer's breakfast (mushroom omelette) with a side of Beets and Feta. I can honestly say this was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. The coffee kept flowing and the entire kitchen action was on display for that extra intimate feel of watching your food being prepared and served. I could be wrong, but I think the owner was our waiter (woman with glasses) and she was so welcoming and sweet. This place is super busy, and I was highly impressed with how the entire staff handled themselves during a very high pressured brunch service.Atmosphere is rustic (hence the name), the greens and veggie dishes were extremely fresh, and the turmeric latte was delicious. They know what they're doing here from start to finish and I'm wishing them all the best moving forward.
#REVIEW#Very cute and tiny cafe, we sat by the window and I had about 4 winter coats brushing against my head the entire time. You will be best friends with your neighbors by the end of the meal, nbd.  My mom and I went around 10am on Sunday (2/3/19) and I got to use Yelp Waitlist for the first time, how did I not know about this gem before this?! We had 6 parties ahead of us and waited about 25 minutes. Cappuccino (5/5) - hands down one of the best cappuccinos I've had! Black sesame croissant (3.5/5) - flaky yumminess but lacks flavor, and what sesame?!Shakshuka (4/5) - the most flavorful Shakshuka I've tasted, however, the eggs were overcooked :(Early lunch (3.5/5) - the slow-cooked beef was punched with flavor, I wish there were some sauce to tie the whole dish together. The eggs were unfortunately overcooked for this dish too. Double sad face.
#REVIEW#Their waitlist system on Yelp was a lifesaver on a busy Sunday brunch. However, I felt the food was cute and trendy but overpriced. I probably would not go here again. Service was great though so if I don't care about the food as much I would go just for the convenience since brunch gets so crazy in nyc. My dish was purred veggies with an egg. There's no reason it should've been up to $15.
#REVIEW#So overrated. The service was friendly. The food was okay. We were crammed in like sardines but I suppose that's the New York experience.
#REVIEW#Fantastic service and food!The place is a bit small but even though it was full when I got there I didn't have to wait much to seat.I ordered the quiches menu and an almond croissant, both very tasty.
#REVIEW#I had called to put my name on the yelp waitlist at about 10am on a Sunday because I had a group of 5. They said they could accommodate us because we were willing to wait an hour and a half. It automatically put us on the app and we were able to check our spot in line. However, 2 of my friends were running a few minutes late and they wouldn't let us order for them because they said their food comes out so fast (which I can confirm it does), and we ended up waiting another hour. That was our bad, so make sure you guys are always on time (especially with a large group). Super small place with limited seating, but definitely has a cute charm to it. Now for the food! I got the Shakshuka ($14 + $3 for feta), It looks small, but with the delicious pita it is definitely filling. Perfect balance of flavors, might have gotten without feta next time- a bit too salty for me. My friend and I also shared the Granola ($10), which was good (I wish it had more strawberries and less nuts), but we ate so much we probably didn't need it. My friends got the Farmers Breakfast ($14), Early Lunch ($15)- which looked AMAZING, an the Shredded Chicken Sandwich ($15). They all enjoyed their dishes. I would come back here, but maybe do take out since it's so busy!
#REVIEW#Wonderful service, food ready withing seconds, great feel, casual, rustic, quality is on the highest level, everything is very fresh, and pretty much everything on the menu is great. Awesome shakshuka ! Highly recommended
