#NAME#Cocoron
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cocoron-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,noodles,vegan#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Cocoron had me at "small, unpretentious Japanese noodle shop" & let me tell you, these noods were EXACTLY that. Stopped in for a bowl of their famous Warm MERA MERA SOBA which consists of homemade soba noodles with bonito flake and spicy sesame based soup, minced chicken, bean sprouts, bok choy, scallion, and sesame chili oil. This noodle shop has become Top 5 on my list. Their broth has SO much flavor and each bite of noodle is so tender. It's a perfect harmony of what warm soba should be
#REVIEW#VASTLY underwhelming compared to its Kenmare Street location just a couple blocks down. The quality of food and service just don't compare at all.First off, my boyfriend and I ordered the Fried Chicken as our appetizer, along with our mains. The mains arrived within minutes and I immediately noticed that the flavor was not as strong and food did not taste as fresh as the other location. I ordered my go-to, the Chicken Burdock Dip Soba, which usually comes in a small pot with a fire underneath it to keep it warm. Not sure if this was an oversight or if they just don't light the fire in the summer, but it was not lit this time. The broth also tasted very bland and the chicken was flavorless.At this point, we had both finished our mains and upon doing a quick time-check, I noticed that it's been 30 minutes since we placed our order... still no sight of the Fried Chicken. We ask our waiter who checks on the order for us and advises it's coming right out (read: you need to wait another 5-10 minutes but it's being made). 40 minutes since placing our order, the Fried Chicken comes and it's the most bizarre Fried Chicken I'd ever seen. It looked like it has been chewed and the breading was falling off. The chicken itself was just OK; not worth the price or the wait.I love Cocoron so I will keep going, but only to the Kenmare Street location.Also, CASH ONLY.
#REVIEW#Every time I come here the soba is consistently delicious. The broths are very flavorful. I enjoy the soba dip (you have to dip the noodles in the thick broth, and at the end they bring hot water to thin out the broth so it's more like a soup). Last time I tried the chicken meatballs which I thought were just alright, but tasted good when dipped in broth. Its cash only so don't forget to stop by the atm! If it's too crowded, there is also a sister restuarant a couple of blocks away.
#REVIEW#Came on a Friday night around 9pm and no wait.Duck Dip Soba- came with 6 slices of duck on the side with scallions and one chicken meatball in the dipping soup. Soup was definitely very tasty and soba was nice and chewy. The scallion helped balanced out the flavor of the soup cause without it I could see the soup becoming salty. When I was done, the waiter came around to pour a soup base or water(?) in my dipping soup and the umami flavor was drowned out. I think they didn't want to oversalt their customers if they just blindly drank it.
#REVIEW#I didn't know I love Soba until I went to Cocoron. The last time I had Soba was at a high end place.This place and the affordable pricing definitely lives up to the hype. Corcoron can get pack and is cash only. Come during off-peak hours and you'll be fine.SAKE & BEERDelicious sake menu and beers SPICY CUCUMBERsFresh and spicy a great appetiser to wet your whistle before devouring the amazing Soba MERA MERA SOBA Rich, creamy and too damn delicious. Not too salty, made perfect in every way!
#REVIEW#Let me start with the service was awful. The food was pretty decent but it wasn't wow. My boyfriend and I got the stamina soba (toppings: watercress, shiitake, grated ginger and daikon) and the mera mera dip soba (toppings: shrimp, egg, and seaweed). On discussion of price point, these came out to almost $25 a bowl--which I'm expecting a "wow" for soba even in NY. The noodles were slightly over cooked which took away the signature buckwheat noodle chewiness. The soups were decent--my boyfriend liked his Mera Mera, their popular dish. At this price, I'd prefer Raku (udon but noodles are fresh) and Soba-Ya (cheaper, fresher soba). Now, service....that was awkward and awful. I had ordered the warm soba and my boyfriend, the dip soba (totally different page on the menu). They had given us the warm Mera Mera soup--we had politely notified them that we wanted the dip. The male waiter who took our order marches back to us with the menu and told us that we had pointed at the warm picture menu. We said we did not and that we verbally said the dip soba. He just stares at us aggressively and reiterated that we were wrong as he turns away.....dude what? You got the order wrong or you didn't reiterate both of our orders and you're in the wrong for that. He had reconfirmed my order with all the toppings but he did not for my boyfriend. Please do not rudely go back to us to yell that we were wrong.
#REVIEW#This place will always be that place of comfort food you need to just get you through the day. Love love their broth. Get here early though there's always a line!
#REVIEW#WARNING: do not come here to be warmly greeted, or smiled at - at all. Still giving this place the stars it deserves for the beyond delicious flavors and warm perfection that was my lunch on a cold afternoon in January.The menu is extensive, but the Mera Mera is a must must. It's their most popular dish and for good reason. They serve it with a huge wooden spoon and the broth was piping hot the whole time I was eating it, but I couldn't stop. They warn to eat fast as the noodles lose their luster, but I didn't experience this. Tasty and delicious from start to finish and I didn't  rush.There's no option to take your leftovers (or order out for that matter), and it is totally cash only, so be sure to hit an ATM and bring your appetite to finish your meal before you stop by. Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#Tetering between 3-3.5 Came here ordered the warm Mera mera, mochi spring rolls and gyoza. The spring roll was good with the combo of crunchy outer layer and chewy mochi layer inside. The gyoza was meh... Reminds me of frozen korean dumping panfried. The Mera Mera broth was very rich and flavorful. The soba was ok. Just a more Al dente version of regular noodles. In all, it was fine. Would not travel to this hood just to eat here tho
#REVIEW#Honestly, the soba is just average here. I'll speak to the soba first before I go on a long rant over their terrible service. I got the popular Mera Mera soba which had decent flavor and portions, but the noodles themselves were lacking. I've had really fresh tasting soba noodles from Soba Azuma (in Jersey) before so this was a disappointment in comparison.Now on to the service... I'm usually pretty tolerant of service that's not too great and would not deduct points for service as long as the food is good, but I was extremely disappointed by the staff tonight. I came in at 7pm and my girlfriend got here a minute after. We asked for a table for 4 and was asked to wait until our full party was here. There were around 10 seats available at the time, but the rules made sense and was not a problem at all. However, 10 minutes later, a lady and her kid comes in and requests a table for 7. Then, as soon as she starts arguing with the staff, they let her have the entire table. Of course the restaurant then proceeds to get extremely packed. By the time my group of 4 came in, she was still missing 2 members of her party, but we had to keep waiting... and waiting until spots freed up again. By the time we got our table, it was 7:40.Overall, I'm just very disappointed by the choices that the staff made tonight. If they're going to enforce rules on us, they should be enforcing these rules on everyone. My party tried to play nice and got the short end of the stick when a more entitled party came in.
#REVIEW#I heart Cocoron so much. I have been a number of times - it never disappoints me and is consistently good across both locations. The seating area is a bit small and I'm not a fan of the high chairs but I am always down to go to this awesome spot. I have tried a few of the different sobas (dip vs. non-dip), my personal favorite remains the kimchi pork belly dip soba. The dipping ones are awesome because you can pace your eating without worrying about the noodles getting soft plus they give you some fire so your soup stays super hot. I love the slightly sour/sweet contrast of the kimchi soup and it is not too spicy- a close relative to but with marked differences from the traditional korean kimchi soup. I always finish the large with no problem, a testament to its deliciousness.
#REVIEW#Coming from Boston, I've always been kind of wary of soba. It just doesn't get warm enough for long enough in the summer for me to consistently crave cold noodles in the same way that I crave a piping, hearty hot bowl of udon or ramen.And then I tried cocoran. It was a breezy day, low 50s / high 40s, but my brother and sister-in-law insisted that cocoran had great cold and hot soba options. We arrived around noon on Sunday and it was pretty empty so we got seated immediately. We ordered the dashimaki tamago starter, the mera mera dipping soba, and the Yokozuna dipping soba. Everything arrived within minutes and we tucked in.The tamago was beautiful - soft, equal parts salty and sweet, and really lovely against the slightly sharp grated radish. The mera mera was a spicy sesame-based dipping soba broth with bits of chicken and boy choy inside - so rich and lovely, a tad on the salty side, but really hearty and delicious - sort of the opposite of what I had expected from the "summer" reputation soba has. The Yokozuna was also really incredible - with great pork and seaweed flavors fortified by corn and ground pork, it was rich, meaty, but also not unbearably heavy.The soba, though. The soba. So springy and light in the mouth, they somehow made it so that it didn't get soggy even after digging up a few straggling strands that had been stewing in the dipping broth for ages. I definitely wish I had gotten the large ($17) instead of the small ($16).Cocoran isn't super cheap for sure -- $55 after tax and tip for two entrees and one starter - but it's really tasty and really comforting, the perfect food for the onset of winter or dregs of cold weather before the spring sets in.
#REVIEW#ordered tom yum dip soba, about 16 bucks (+ tax , tips)consident good quality over years.This tom yum dip sauce (/soup) has intense flavor, lemon grass, tomato, added fresh shrimp and mushroom, good combination.The soba (served cold) for dipping in the boiling tom yum sauce. The soba texture was springy, can be soften to your preference by dipping longer in the soup. tasty.
#REVIEW#First time trying soba noodles and I felt I'd pick the right place for it. I'd always see soba noodles on ramen menus, persuade myself to try something new, but when the moment would arrive, "spicy miso ramen" or something similar slips out. Well lo and behold, this place is strictly soba noodles. I tried something new and I'm happy I did. The waitresses were diligent and quick on their feet. My friends and I sat at the bar to glimpse the culinary magic. There is ample bar and table seating. They also had a coat rack and hooks at the bar area to hang your belongings. As others have stated, it's cash only (ATMs across the street in front of  a laundromat) and no take-away option nor to-go packaging.The mera mera dip soba arrived in sections on a tray. I did a little dance to give my noodles a little wiggle everytime I filled the smaller bowl. The flame kept the soup bubbling while I took my time eating. I'm naturally a slow eater so I appreciated how soba noodles are set up! I added a poached egg (could be more poached) to round off my meal and a small sized Sapporo to quench my thirst. If I'm ever in the area (or near its sister locations), I would eat here again.
#REVIEW#Their soba is the best I've ever had! Highly recommend the Mera Mera! The place is divided into two spaces, one serves rice, the other noodles. It's a bit confusing at first but the friendly staff will politely explain it to you. It's a cash-only place so make sure you keep that in mind
#REVIEW#Cocoron is a great option when you're in the mood for Ramen but not in the mood to feel like a piece of sh** for the rest of the day. In my experience, it is incredibly easy to get into Cocoron. Other important detail: it is cash only. We ordered some starters but the biggest takeaway from this experience was the Dip Soba. If you're not ordering this, you're doing it wrong.
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch with a friend. Cocoron serves a variety of soba, including dipping soba, as well as having a menu emphasis on vegan or vegetarian options. Portions are decent, prices are slightly higher than I'd expect, it's not super out of the ordinary (they only take cash though, which is annoying), but the flavors are definitely there. The restaurant has attentive staff. They have several long tables that one can share with others, bar seating, and individual tables, probably seating 40. Ordered:Mera Mera soba - ordered with chicken meat balls and an egg. Noodles textured, the buckwheat is pretty subtle. The broth is rich and thick. Would get againFried buckwheat - a vegan fried pancake. Was just okay
#REVIEW#True to its name, this place has a lot of heart.The food is absolutely delicious. Everything tasted really fresh. Unlike some places specializing in noodles, it didn't feel like a heavy or greasy meal at all. It was definitely one of the better soba noodles I've had in my life.I ordered the hijiki and the kimpira to start with. Let me just say I get personally excited whenever I find a restaurant that has good hijiki. The appetizers were small but delicious.For the soba, I ordered the kimchi soba, because I have never been one to resist kimchi. They did it very well. The portion size was just right, and I left the restaurant full but not bloated. I'd definitely come back here again, both for the kimchi soba and to try other varieties.It is a cash only place though, which is my only complaint.
#REVIEW#I've been to cocoron several times, especially pre-show for gigs at Bowery Ballroom. I've only ever gotten the Mera Mera, both the dip and the non-dip version.I love this place, the Mera Mera is PACKED with flavor, and you get so much noodle and broth. Its the best noodle fix in the city. There's never an exorbitant wait, yet its always busy! The tea after the meal is a nice touch, and the staff is always attentive and caring.
#REVIEW#I had a leisurely lunch of edamame and warm vegan soba noodles here after walking around the Lower East Side. I should have looked at reviews a little more closely, because Cocoron is cash only! I had to run across the street to the dirtiest ATM ever, but I'm glad I did because the food was delicious. Be advised that it comes with chopsticks and a very large spoon. I am not a great chopstick user but I didn't want to embarrass myself by asking for a fork, so I persevered. Service is a little slow. Otherwise, a great meal.
