#NAME#Casellula
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/casellula-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#wine_bars,newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#10/04/2019 Great cheese samplings, presentations and wine pairings.  Love this place. The mac and cheese is stupendous. Bartenders were delightful !
#REVIEW#A cheese bar for cheese novices. I'll start by saying that I LOVE cheese and have tried a very wide variety of gourmet and specialty cheeses throughout my years. I left Casellula feeling let down, unsatisfied and hungry for more cheese. Upon walking in, I thought it was a very quaint cheese restaurant with a romantic atmosphere. To start, I ordered the burrata salad. The size of the burrata was minuscule in comparison to what a similar restaurant might serve, and it was served with a very mild puree, which blended with the taste of the cheese. We also ordered the meat plate (which they brought way before the cheeses - strange and disappointing). The servings of meat were also very small in comparison to what I've experienced before. Nothing memorable. My party and I (three people) then got our cheese plates. My two friends got the pre-chosen plate and I chose each of my cheeses myself. Again, the portions of cheese were very small, and some of the pairings were very off and did not go well together. They were both unhappy with their plates. I, on the other hand, really enjoyed the cheeses I got, particularly the creamy cheeses. They had a creamy, stinky goat cheese (don't have the name off hand) that was amazing. The server didn't seem very engaged or deeply knowledgeable of cheeses, and stopped paying attention to our table once the cheese was served. Overall, if you choose to go here, DEFINITELY research the cheeses and order your own. I would not go by the restaurant's or servers' recommendations. But if you're looking for a cheese restaurant that never disappoints, go to Murray's. ; )
#REVIEW#Oh Casellula how I love thee. Let me count the ways...I have been to Casellula 5 times in the past month. Yes I'm a neighborhood gal, but that's only part of the reason I frequent this joint so often. Big reason 1 - the food. The menu is pure yum. The endive salad should be the city's new IT salad. It's insanely good. The pastrami sandwich is probably the best pastrami sandwich you'll come across in the city. But the real lure is the fromagger's choice cheese plate. Every cheese pairing is delicious and surprising. There was a blue cheese with maple fudge pairing, another cheese with a caramelized onion marmalade. It's the best cheese plate on the planet. Get it. You won't be disappointed. The wine selections are on point and their sommelier always recommends right. So why the 4 stars? The seating issue. There are no resos so it's first come first serve but because it's such a small establishment they will only seat you at the exact right table. This means that even though there are plenty of 4-person tables available, your party of 2 will not be seated until an exact table for 2 people opens up. They will not seat you at the 4 person table. Even if it remains empty for the next half hour.  It makes sense for a small establishment but as a diner waiting and waiting for the exact right table can get frustrating.
#REVIEW#This was a particularly enchanting stop. We always leave one night free of reservations in NYC to stop in to any place that calls our name.  This was our choice and oh my we're we rewarded.  It's a quaint nine table spot that welcomes you like home.  Impressive cheese and charcuterie selections.  All there food items are prepared in a well outfitted corner of the restaurant and fill the room with delicious smells.  We opted for the empanadas and pigs ass sandwich and both were wonderful.  In particular the chef is a genius with the sauces paired with each meal.  I could slather myself in them!    Thoughtful wine selections and polite unintrusive service has me recommend Casellula with zero reservations.  You will enjoy your stop here.
#REVIEW#One star is because this lovely wine bar is only a block from home, but the cheese selection and unique wines (by the glass) warrant a solid 4 stars. We chose the wines we wanted to drink and let the cheese maven make complementary selections. Each cheese, placed in the best order for tasting, was accompanied by something that belonged with it. From a honey or a jam to a preserved citrus, this cheese guru knows her stuff. Next time I'll try some real food. . . Maybe. I really liked the cheese. Great place to meet some friends and hang.
#REVIEW#Love this place! I live on Boston, but since discovering Casellula I make sure to visit whenever I'm in Manhattan. I've been 4 or 5 times now and every time is awesome. If you love good cheese served in creative, delicious ways, Casellula is a must IMO.
#REVIEW#'You have to be a romantic to invent your time and money in cheese' Indeed! Don't even think of looking anywhere else for first date night options. just walk in here already! It's a small, very cozy and romantic establishment. The food is usually small plates and so delicious. We started with a bottle of 'Por Que No'. I would highly recommend getting this one. We also ordered the cheese platter which has a selected of fresh to highly aged cheese from all over the world. The blue cheese was our absolute favorite. Each cheese was carefully and perfectly paired with different options like caramel sauce, mushroom, to strawberries. We thoroughly enjoyed our cheese platter. For some small bites we also ordered the watermelon salad. Never thought of putting feta cheese to my melons, and with a hint of spices, it's one in a 'Mellon!' Their grilled cheese! Oh my! My friend joked it should be called 'thrilled cheese'. Perfectly grilled bread with loads of cheese just melting in your mouth. This place is just pristine. Wonderful and accommodating staff. They don't reservations so just walk in and enjoy the journey full of cheese.
#REVIEW#I had a pretty average experience here. Nothing too terrible, but nothing special either.I came here on a weekday at around 8pm to kill about an hour with some wine. The place was pretty busy but there was still a seat at the bar. I ordered a glass of wine, and like I do at every wine bars, asked for a taste. They did not give a taste and instead described the wine, which was a bit odd. I've been to many of the major wine bars in the area, and it is pretty much protocol to give a taste before committing to a glass. But I digress...The wine itself was good, and I'd come back again to have it. The atmosphere was intimate and more of a date place than anything else. Service was incredibly slow and it took forever to get my check.I'd give it another chance, though, but only because I liked the wine I ordered quite a lot. I hope next time I get a server who actually gives a taste when asked, though.
#REVIEW#The first thing I noticed about Casellula when I came here was how bright and airy it looked. Wine bars usually have this dimly-lit, intimate vibe about them but this place had huge windows that let a ton of light in, and the lighter paint on the walls really made the place look inviting and spacious.They are famous for their variety of cheese, and to be honest that was not what we came here for. We did try one, a mild cow's milk cheese that was quite nice and came with a bit of bread and wine-pickled onions. We also tried their chistorras in a blanket (pigs in a blanket made with spicy chorizo) and those were quite tasty as well. The wines we got were good and we happily got a second glass each. Our server was sweet and attentive and helped us pick the wine we wanted.Really liked the ambiance and the focus on wine and cheese - I'll be back to expand my horizons and try out more of their cheeses soon!
#REVIEW#The cheese plate I had here was out of this world, and the other food was all very tasty, too. Here's what I tried:+ chef's selection of cheese + pig's ass sandwich+ watermelon and feta salad+ stuffed peppadew peppers+ asparagus+ kale caesar salad+ rainbow cake (special for pride month)Like I said, the cheese plate was phenomenal. My second favorite dish was the watermelon salad, which had the best feta I've ever tried. The other dishes were great, though I didn't particularly care for the kale salad. Minus one star because while a friend and I were waiting for our third, I watched as the host sat a party of two at a quad even though there were other tables available, and we then had to wait quite a bit for one to open up once our third person arrived. I'm familiar with silly seating policies at NYC restaurants, trust me, but the host gave us a bit of attitude about it when we pointed this out. Anyway, would definitely return!
#REVIEW#This is a really great spot for a D A T E or a GNO. I was here on a Monday night and found it to be nearly the perfect ambiance. It wasn't full or very empty (thank you school nights) which I love when going to an intimate spot like this. I highly recommend all those that stop by on a Monday to try the fresh mozzarella - which is only available on Monday's. It's an experience where they "make" the fresh mozzarella in front of you from the cheese curds. I personally love mozzarella and this really made for a fun and interactive experience with the staff. We also got the pig sandwich which was delicious! It was super rich but came with pickles to lighten and freshen up the taste BUDS. The brussel sprouts we got were good but I would recommend trying something else on the menu - we just really needed veggies that night LOL. Overall, I 100% enjoyed my experience here with the great food and great wine.
#REVIEW#Absolutely loved this cozy, romantic wine and cheese shop... it provided a perfect date night before our Broadway show! We sampled 5 types of cheeses and 3 types of wine, and absolutely loved all of them. Their cheese list is SO long and SO varied, which feels like somewhat of an adventure, I'm all about variety. Of the 5 we chose, they all varied in texture and had bold colors and flavors. We had a hard time picking a favorite, but there were no misses. Their accoutrements are delicious.... a caramel coffee sauce to go with the bleu cheese, orange marmalade, etc. Our server was excellent, he didn't seem annoyed with our requests for copious amounts of bread haha. I even felt their prices were reasonable for Hell's Kitchen!As far as wine goes, I'm a simple creature and went for their Riesling which was delicious and crisp as usual. They gave us complimentary goat cheese truffles that were divine! I'd definitely recommend getting some when you stop in!
#REVIEW#Nice wine and cheese bar - good selection of dessert wines and sherry, different from other wine bars. Pastry Chef With inventive desserts - we had a truffle of goats cheese chocolate and hazelnut which tasted like an umami-Fied and grown up ferro rocher
#REVIEW#I was looking for a nice place to grab drinks after dinner, so visited Casellula on a Friday night at 9 pm. It seemed promising and the place smelled lovely upon walking in. When we got in, there was no hostess to greet or seat us, so my dinner companion and I sat ourselves in the back. The majority of the dining tables were empty.Someone suddenly told us that we needed to get up and he would seat us soon. A couple minutes later, he told us that since we just wanted a drink and weren't planning to order food, we had to sit at the bar. The bar did not have two seats open. (And, the bar was serving food, so it didn't make sense as to why I had to sit at the bar). Eventually, two seats at the bar opened up (again, this place was empty except for the bar) and I ordered a half bottle of Adelsheim Pinot Noir. I told the server it tasted oxidized. She simultaneously told us that she did not drink wine (despite working at a wine bar) but that we couldn't send the wine back "unless it was vinegar" (which I've never heard before). My companion and I barely touch the wine and leave. Would not return.
#REVIEW#Lively little wine bar tucked away on the corner or 52/9. The wait staff there can be a little bit rude sometimes when regulars come in, because they won't let you sit where you want. But other than that I always enjoy a nice glass of wine.
#REVIEW#A mouth-watering oasis in the crowded landscape of restaurants within the theatre district and hell's kitchen.I love this place because it sticks to what it's good at (Wine + Cheese? yes please!) - but even the above and beyond food items are delicious and for the most part served tapas style. Get the Pig's Ass Sandwich... on the quesadilla... and think of me... A cozy, tiny spot (arrive during theater hours to miss the pre-and-post crowds) that's perfect for saddling up to the bar and being treated to an adventure through lists and lists of wine and cheese. In fact, the space itself is situated around a giant cabinet of the finest soft, hard, blue, etc cheeses - with a fromager on site to craft the perfect plate. My favorite thing to do is go with a dry, full-bodied red - then ask the fromager to choose their faves to pair. I'm never disappointed and am often delighted by the nuts, sauces, or sides that are paired with each cheese.It's my go-to spot whenever I'm in Midtown West, meeting up with an old (or new) friend, or just want to kill some time before an event. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable - not to mention the owner and a chef there have written a book together (Composing the Cheese Plate) - which is displayed in the window. Tip: It took me years to finally do it, but don't miss Mozzarella Mondays - the only time they offer fresh, hand-stretched Mozzarella from 7pm until it runs out! It was such a fun experience - one of those little NY hidden gems.Take a date, take the girls, take your fam, take me? :)
#REVIEW#Love this place. Fantastic artisan cheese plate that goes great with your bottle of wine. Created and made just for you.
#REVIEW#Ok, so I want to say this is one of my favorite places. And that's because of its uniqueness! They serve cheese plates with pairings you would never think of on your own, and they are all so delicious. If you're a big cheese fan this spot is most definitely for you. Order the chefs choice - it's a very fun and enjoyable experience.
#REVIEW#DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY! THEY ARE RUDE AND DISCRIMINATORY. The owner of this establishment will be hear from my attorney this week as I am considering litigation against the company for the way I was treated last night.My boyfriend and I took a Lyft here from Chelsea because we wanted some wine and dessert. When we walked in it was busy but there was no one waiting. It was 9:30pm.The host, first asking us if we intended to get food or just drinks, told us [after we confirmed food and drinks], that a table was about to leave so it should be only 5 minutes. He gave us menus to look over while we waited.About 10 minutes into our 5-minute wait another party came in that was a party of 3.5 minutes later that table finally left. It was a 2 person party that vacated the table. The host quickly sat the 3-person party there that came in 10 minutes after us.The host came back over to us and said, "It should only be a few more minutes, there's a table wrapping-up."I said, "But we were here before them. By at least 10 minutes.""Sorry, sir, it's a 3 person table. I can't sit 2 people at a 3-person table.""But the party that left was a 2-person party at the 3-person table.""Sorry, it's company policy to not sit 2 people at larger tables. I'll tell the owner you don't like the policy." He walked away.There are 2-person and 4-person tables in this establishment. Not 3-person. So he either stuck a chair at 2-person table to make it a 3-person table, or he broke "policy" and sat them at a 4-person table despite there only being 3-people. It was at the table right behind the bar stools. According to photos on your own website/social media, you only have 4-person tables and 2-person tables. You are a liar and you discriminated against me and humiliated me in front of my boyfriend on our date and to the other patrons watching this all go down.Either way. This rude, lying host needs to be fired. And if this really IS company policy, and you're making people wait and wait and wait while you seat other people after them, you are refusing them service in a public establishment. It all comes down to money. He sat these 3 people at a 2-person table or a 4-person table because he thought he could make more money off of them, basically "get them sat first." Your philosophy posted on your Facebook page says, "share our passion for hand-made cheeses with as many people as possible." I rest my case. Clearly, we left.I can see you have an entree on the menu called "Pig's Ass." I'm sure it's your masterpiece since you're so familiar with perfecting it.
#REVIEW#Loved the wine selection. This is definitely a place for like a night cap or a place to try out cheese and wine.We came here as a recommendation for dinner, but unfortunately, I was not impressed. I do not eat pork so I opted for the Kale Ceaser salad. It was ok, there was not enough dressing so it was pretty dry. All of the options with meat were pork only so I was pretty bummed since I was hungry and was about to watch a long show. I left dissatisfied, but will return to give this place a second chance as a wine spot-not a dinner spot.
