#NAME#Los Tacos No.1
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/los-tacos-no-1-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tacos#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#FINALLY tried these famous tacos Friday night and wow did they live up to the hype! We came back like less than 2 hours later for Round 2, no joke.The move is: Adobada tacos, corn tortilla, con todo (with everything: guac, cilantro, onions, salsa)Round 1, we got 2 carne asada tacos ($3.95/each), 2 of the highly esteemed adobada tacos ($3.75/each) and a Sidral (Mexican apple soda - $3.75). Wow not only are the adobada ones cheaper but also better! I started with the carne asada ones and was VERY impressed but when I got to the adobada, I was BLOWN AWAY. Soooo tasty - the flavors and textures are so balanced and perfect, and it tastes authentic af. A little messy to eat but so very worth it. We then went over to Miznon because we also wanted to try their Folded Cheeseburger (yelp.com/biz/miznon-new-… )... After stuffing ourselves with that and a stroll around the market later, we found ourselves back on the Los Tacos line once again. Oops?Round 2 was ALL about the adobada. The marinated pork, the al pastor... just out of this world. We got 4 of them this time + a fresh horchata ($3.75) to share. There was barely any room in my stomach at this point of the night but I didn't care. Had to down another 2 of those amazing tacos. Probably won't eat any other taco in the city ever again.
#REVIEW#I have had many tacos in my lifetime. Everywhere I go, I find a taco place. That includes back home in Mexico. In various cities across the USA. And Toronto, Montreal, Quebec City, and Ottawa. Los Tacos No. 1 have been the best tacos I have ever had - besides the ones back in my hometown.This place is inside Chelsea Market and it doesn't offer seating. And you will wait in line. But none of that matters!The meat is so juicy and flavorful. They also don't skimp out on it. Their tortillas are handmade. The guacamole is so fresh. All the veggies are fresh. The salsas are delicious. And you can add as much as you want.  my favorite are the al pastor. (Please try them if you like marinated pork)They carry all the "Mexican" sodas - in a glass bottle. And yeah, they do taste better. They also have aguas frescas.They are not the cheapest tacos but again, THE BEST TACOS.Do not be afraid by how long the line can get, it really moves fast. And as far as seating, these are street tacos. Embrace the notion of standing around and eating them This place will not disappoint!
#REVIEW#I'm just gonna put it out there...these are some of the best tacos I have had!!! Yes I said it and the Queso shell is everything!!!  The staff is real quick and the ingredients are delicious!!  All of the meats are flavored to perfection and just enough spice, and the house made salsa's are tasty!!!The other side does seafood tacos and drinks!! The tacos are everything and the absolutely only reason you should be there...and done be shy get 3-5 tacos or your stomach will mad with you:-)lol
#REVIEW#So my New York food adventure continues with lunch at Los Tacos No. 1 at Chelsea market. I decided to roam around Chelsea market and whoever had the longest line I would stand in it. Well lo and behold, I ended up at this taco joint. Maybe I was trying to let my breakfast noddles at Xi'an digest or taking in the amazing atmosphere of the Chelsea market. The line moves pretty quickly and I ended up ordering a carne asada taco. The taco was full of flavor, perfectly cooked steak seasoned to perfection. The tortilla was oh em gee!!!! I got all the toppings minus the onions. The food was delicious, the staff is very sweet and helps you figure out how to order and where to pick up your tacos. Definitely returning to try everythinggggg!!!
#REVIEW#The al pastor is the bomb! I get 2 tacos here then go over the Los Mariscos and get the shrimp taco and a delicious cocktail. Then I eat it over there because it's a little less crowed and more tables. One of the best al pastor tacos in town. Also one of the more affordable places to eat in Chelsea market.
#REVIEW#Within Chelsea market with limited seating options. The line can be long but moves very quickly. I ordered two tacos; 1 Adobada taco and 1 Adobada quesadilla. As evident by previous reviews these tacos were incredible. Best Tacos I have ever had.
#REVIEW#Great tacos! I tried the pollo asado (chicken) taco with a corn tortilla. I got it with all the toppings. The meat was flavorful and juicy. The pico de gallo was bright and fresh. You can see them make it in front of you. This is near the front entrance of Chelsea Market. There isn't any seating here for this restaurant, so a lot of people stand or find seating elsewhere. You order at the front where there's a large menu, and then you take that ticket/receipt and give it to the people making the tacos. They ask you if you want all the toppings (cilantro, onion, etc.) Then wait. It can get pretty crowded in this line, but you can get other toppings here yourself such as pico de gallo (fantastic), radish, and green/red salsas, and lime. There are tongs and small containers. Get everything! I really recommend this place. One taco is a perfect size for a snack. Maybe 3 if you are more hungry.
#REVIEW#Really dont need to write this review because the 2K reviews explains it all. AMAZING. First, Chelsea market is awesome! Loved the crowd and all the vendors there. Came over after a long relaxing time at the Starbucks Reserve. Anyway, as soon as you walk into Chelsea market maybe 20 steps this place is on your left. If you happen to walk past or dont see it just look for a VERY longg line of people. This line moves fassst. So how does it all work? Its daunting at first once you get to the counter. You order the tacos and pay (cash or card!). They give you the receipt and you burrow through the crowd to the waiting area. Now you must "push" past the people who like to eat their tacos right at the counter so you can give your ticket to the taco makers lol. Once you do this just keep your eye on the taco man so you get your food. Once you get your tacos you may have to "push" again to get to add on toppings of your choice - salsa, fresh limes, etc. If ya dont want any of this then your next task is finding somewhere to eat!Please dont sit next door. I saw many ppl asked to move because they didnt buy food from that vendor. Chelsea market has many standing counters to eat at. I found one maybe 2-3 minutes away from Los Tacos looking inside  a fish market? I dont know but I got great views of somebody eating a whole huge lobster while I ate my delicious tacos.So back to the tacos..... I ordered one of each tacos con todo (with all toppings). I appreciated the extra foil/paper wrapped around the tacos because it got a bit messy. Just FYI you can order flour or corn shells. I got corn. My favorite was the pork taco. Very tender. Awesome with the corn shell. The guac was ok nothing special. Chips and salsa yummy! Felt like the chips were a good palette cleaner/mellower (?) between some rather spicy notes from my tacos. Phenomenal tacos!!
#REVIEW#I've been to Los Tacos No. 1 an infinite amount of times but I've never gotten around to writing a review for the spot. That's all changing as of now and I'm happy to share my most recent experience at one of my favorite taco spots in all of NYC.A friend asked me where the best taco's were in NYC and where we could grab some to have an opportunity to catch up. Los Taco's was the first place that came to mind and we decided to go for it. The spot is located in meatpacking's Chelsea Market. Although I'm not one for mall style restaurants this one is worth the trek through the crowds.We arrived around 6 on a Monday evening with only a few people in line. I've been here before when the line extends to the main hallway (aka more than 20 people deep). I was relived to know we'd be getting through the line in under 5 minutes this time. When it came time to order I went with three pollo asado tacos ($3.75 each). The meat they use is always well seasoned and today's tacos didn't stray far from that. Apparently these are more on the expensive side to some but in all honesty just from the quality and taste alone, it's worth it. The spot itself has more of a take out set up. You order and then go to another employee who asks you what you want on the tacos. There's not that much seating right near the actual restaurant so we walked a little farther inside the market to find some seats near another one. In my opinion this is one of the best taco spots based on taste, service, and quantity. I'd definitely recommend to anyone looking for a memorable taco experience in the city.
#REVIEW#I was told by a friend that these tacos rival the ones in San Diego. I know the original founders/owners come from that area so I was really excited to check it out.I ordered two adobada taco ($3.75), one carne asada taco ($3.95), and one pollo asada taco ($3.75). For the adobada, I felt like I got a lot of the small burnt bits that I couldn't taste much adobada at all. The pollo asada was a little dry and I was not a fan. My favorite of the three was the carne asada. I kinda wish they added more of the salsa and guacamole because I think that took away from the flavor of all the tacos.I'm not sure if it was the high expectations or if the tacos that I happened to eat were a fluke but I wasn't as impressed as I would've liked.
#REVIEW#These tacos are incredible and cheap! Went on a Friday afternoon at 1pm with my best friend to check it out. Beware, lines at Los tacos are incredibly long even on a weekday, and I've been around on weekends so could imagine this place can get incredibly packed!We got two carne asadas (beef), pollo (chicken), and adobado (pork). We had ours in corn tortillas (you can have it flour tortillas), with everything on. The meats are so tender and juicy, flavors are all on point. I really like the crunch and acidity the onion brings to all the tacos, and the guac on top was really smooth and pureed nicely. Pico de Gallo on top made the tacos taste sooo good and delicious! Also let's not forget these were like $3.95 a piece ($3.75 for chicken and pork), so having two tacos each surprisingly was quite filling. If I were to rank it, I'd say the pollo was the best, followed by carne asada and adoboda. But honestly all three tacos were pretty spot on. Definitely worth checking out if you're at Chelsea market!
#REVIEW#Best tacos in the city hands down! Carne Asada and Adobada are must tries! Corn tacos is the way to go.
#REVIEW#I'm Mexican so I am always skeptical , but Tacos No 1 wasAmazing! Delicious tacos! My husband had the quesadilla with chicken, my daughters had the carne asada tacos and I had the adobada tacos. They were all delicious! Great guacamole and salsa/chips too!  The only thing I missed was a margarita- wish they sold some
#REVIEW#The only taco place on our list of NY eats was Los Tacos No. 1. We were intrigued by the high ratings and delicious looking tacos-we walked out with a carne asada and a chicken taco.These tacos were so so good and could rival even a CA taco! The flavor was spicy and savory and the corn tortillas really held up to the meat and salsa. I'm truly salivating as I am thinking back on these tacos! If you're lucky enough to live in the area and haven't tried out Los Tacos...please check it out!
#REVIEW#Holy balls these are the tits. I've got carne asada y pollo mulas and I feel like I've died and gone back to heaven  the line was long but it went by rather quickly. From the moment I stood in line to leaving with my food was maybe five minutes, so don't be alarmed by long lines. I've got a small appetite though, so I could only finish half of each, but ofc I saved the other half for anothet snack. The tacos looked incredible as well, but I've always had my heart on mulas since trying them in San Diego. These are way better than the ones I had there. The meat is seasoned perfectly and has a slight kick to it. I love spicy, so I tried the different salsas, also very good. Absolutely recommend. 10/10.
#REVIEW#The tacos were so delicious! Even for a person growing up in Southern California! The line was long but worth the wait! The pricing is low compare to anything you buy in NY. Definitely get the al pastor!
#REVIEW#Great taco place! Their corn tortillas with cheese is amazing, and their meat is so fresh! My only complaint is that their system is quite confusing...you order and take a ticket, and you give it to the chefs to make your taco. However, it's usually a huge crowd, and people who were behind me in line somehow nudged their way to the front...kind of frustrating. Their tacos are so fresh though; worthy of the hype for sure!
#REVIEW#Are you in Chelsea?Shopping in Chelsea Market? Find your way to this Taco joint to get your taste buds blown away !! P.S. it's not a sit down place. More like a take away place. Went out with 2 friends and tried pretty much every taco on the menu.Pay first, then walk over to the service area where you get to choose between Corn or Flour Tortilla. You can choose toppings - Onion, cilantro, gauc and salsa. I chose Flour tortilla with all toppings and it was a great decision.My personal favorite was Pollo Asada.The chicken was (what seems to be) well marinated before cooked and was lushious. I regretted not taking one more. I also got the Guacamole with Chips and the guac felt freshly made and was absolutely delicious.My friends tried Carne Asada and Adobada which is definitely worth a try.Next time I am in the area, this one is on the top of my list..
#REVIEW#My sister lives in New York and I've been seeing this place all over the Internet, so the minute I landed in LGA, I demanded we go there, and I am so glad we did. This place is located inside of Chelsea Market right next to a tea/herbal store. The menu is limited to Tacos/Quesadillas and a few sides, so don't expect a full course. It was a Saturday afternoon, and when we walked in, we started seeing a long queue going all the way towards the entrance, it was not until we got to Los Tacos that we realized the queue was for it. I live in Chicago, and I am not really used to this, but apparently this is the norm in New York, so I sucked it up and stood in line. I can honestly say this is the FASTEST service I have ever experienced. Yes the queue was basically wrapped around the market, but we were at the register in less than 10 minutes. We ordered the Carne Asada Tacos and the Pollo Asada Quesadillas and everything was absolutely delicious and mouthwatering! The meat is tender, the guacamole is fresh and the tacos just melt in your mouth. I am so happy I got to try this place; now I know why it was featured all the around the Internet.
#REVIEW#If I were creating a list of Top 10 tacos spots in NYC, this makes the list 3 times! They are really number 1 in my eyes, heart and stomach. Located in Chelsea Market, Los Tacos No. 1 is a great place to get some fresh, made to order tacos. When you go here enough, you essentially stop walking through the front door and through Chelsea Market and rather you will start to enter through one of the side doors on W. 15th Street. Simple menu of chicken, beef, pork and vegetarian options for tacos and quesadillas. You have the option of corn or flour tortillas. They offer glass bottle drinks of some of the Mexican favorites, fresh Tamarind & Jamaica juices and some American sodas as well. The location has a small nook corner counter setup where usually anywhere from 8-12 employees are behind the counter doing what they do - delivering food masterpieces! Once you order you hand them your 2nd ticket and tell them what kind of tortilla you want. Behind him/her, tortillas along with everything else is being freshly made on the grill. All tacos come with cilantro, guacamole, onions. Once you get your tacos, you can add as much salsa verde and the other sauces as you would like. Always a go to when I'm starving and on the west side of Manhattan. Apparently there's another one on 43rd Street. Can't wait to check them out as well
