#NAME#Sarge's Delicatessen & Diner
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sarges-delicatessen-and-diner-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#delis,sandwiches,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#After trying several of the better rated delicatessens in New York City, I learned about Sarges from several locals who said it was better than the other delis I have visited. I must admit after having the pastrami on rye sandwich, this place is definitely in my top 10 pastrami sandwiches of all time.  Upon entering the restaurant, I met a lady who is standing there with a stern face. It look like she had been here since the beginning of time and I think she felt that way too (but she was nice). I was quickly seated at a table of my choice and provided a bowl of coleslaw and pickles. I told her I knew what I wanted immediately and order the pastrami sandwich on rye.After a few minutes I was brought a beautiful heaping sandwich of thin sliced pastrami with just the perfect amount of the lean and fat and juicy tenderness I yearn for in pastrami.  The meat was so moist it literally melted in your mouth.The pickles that are served with the coleslaw were fantastic. Nice crisp dill pickles and creamy coleslaw paired wonderfully with my sandwich.After breakfast, yes you always have pastrami sandwiches for breakfast, I ordered a slice of the cheesecake which I was told I should not miss. After several minutes I was brought the most gigantic slice of cheesecake I have seen in my life. It was literally 1/8 of a large cheesecake that could feed a party of four unless you're really a cheesecake fanatic in which it would feed a table of one. After eating 25% I could do no more and took the rest for my flight home. I will get a lot of heads turning when I pull that sucker out of my bag during meal time!Sarges has been visited by many celebrities in which photographs are hanging all over the wall throughout the restaurant. The deli section has numerous items to offer including whitefish and numerous side salads not to mention the myriad of meats.I will definitely be back on my next trip for the Corned Beef and Chopped Liver. So much to try.5 stars for the Pastrami and Cheesecake.
#REVIEW#My favorite deli in the NYCLove the Turkey Sandwich with coleslaw and Russian Dressing.After the remodel the wait staff and the atmosphere is better.Great location where you do not feel rushed or overcrowded.Get the cheeseca
#REVIEW#Oh My Goodness!! Get the Half Sandwich and Soup for $18.95.Sarge's Old Fashioned Chicken Consomme Soup is a HUGE BOWL OF GOODNESS! Steaming HOT yellow clear chicken broth with a ton of skinny soft noodles. I had a really nice rare Roast Beef sandwich.There was so much Roast Beef that i could have another sandwich!My daughter had the Corned Beef & Pastrami sandwich with Cole Slaw & Russian Dressing!So finely sliced and piled up high!Oh and don't forget those pickles, lots and lots of pickles!For dessert, someone had the huge cheesecake & my husband got the last piece of blueberry crumble! OMG! It was filled with lucious ripe blueberries and topped with a brown crumble. So Scrumptiously Delicious!Best Blueberry Pie ever!!! A must have!
#REVIEW#Decided to get a pastrami sandwich on white bread to go. There's a generous amount of meat and the pastrami was juicy!!! I'd say it's averagely priced for a good pastrami sandwich ($20). I also got the matzah ball soup which was delicious. I wouldn't say it was the BEST pastrami or matzah ball soup I've ever had, but it was certainly good. I'll definitely be back at this establishment.
#REVIEW#Sarge's is among the last few classic New York City delis. I went there with friends who are regulars. A few things you should know...This is about the only 24-hour deli left in the city. If you have late night or early early morning hunger, this place is open. They also have 24-hour delivery.We went for a late evening dinner. I ordered a half hot pastrami sandwich and bowl of kreplach soup. There was a giant, flavorful kreplach floating in a sea of chicken soup. My sandwich was melt-in-your-mouth good! I topped it all off with a fluffy piece of plain cheesecake.Their pickles are out of this world crunchy and delicious!Forget your diet and invest your money into a memorable meal. Sarge's Delicatessen is worth every penny. The tastes and memories will last a lifetime.
#REVIEW#Food(3/5)Ordered Hot pastrami Sandwich at late night. My friend said this place was good for have Hot Pastrami Sandwich at this place and I wanted try. I was impressed with my sandwich, very generous amount of meat inside. It was a bit big to bite and I had to used knife and fork. I added tomatoes and Swiss cheese, lettuce, red pepper but they forgot to lettuce. Also I requested them to side of dressing. I would recommend you that request side of extra dressing and add mayonnaise your sandwich. I wanted wrapped sandwich but my friend told me did not order that if I choose warp my sandwich it gonna be less meat. I looked reviews at this place on seamless but I didn't know why they had bad reviews a lot. Maybe other dishes wasn't good. Service(2/5)They delivery service was great and they will delivery your foods on time. I just thought they would contact me if they couldn't add lettuce. I payed extra for add lettuce but they didn't added that. Everything perfect excepted that.
#REVIEW#We have been here for lunch and dinner.  The serving size of a meal is enough to feed a family of 4. No kidding. You can get soup and sandwich combos. The half sandwich is so huge if you ask for extra bread you can make another half sandwich for another day. You get comped cole slaw with one sour pickle and one half sour pickle.  The dinner entrees come with soup and side vegetable.  Huge portions.  We watched one diner try to bite into her monster size sandwich with awe.  We bet she couldn't do it in one bite.  Of course she couldn't.  It was way too big for one bite.  Hahahahaha.  The food is very good here.  The staff is hard working.  Sarges is a neighborhood gem.
#REVIEW#Do you want to be transported back to a deli with a 60s/70s decor that serves paper thin pastrami that melts in your mouth like butter?    Well, have I got good news for you.....This place is a 24 hour nostalgic dream.   I ordered the pastrami sandwich on rye and a vanilla egg cream.   The pastrami comes with your pickles and coleslaw.   The pastrami is piled high and is so tender that you'll wanna call your bubbe and complain that she needs to work on her pastrami game.  The egg cream was also good.   Love the space.   Love the food.   Would definitely return.
#REVIEW#I came here on a Groupon. They serve sandwiches with no bread- a dream for a ketoer like me. I had the brisket with fried onions. That dish comes straight from heaven. Be advised that employees here have classic New York attitude.
#REVIEW#I saw this place on a YouTube video, so I'm from NYC, I'm a Foodie Road Warrior cause I'll go almost anywhere to try new foods, AND I had never heard of this place that had Pastrami sandwiches that competed with the Katz's Deli Pastrami sandwich. So I decided to try this place out...Talk about "old school", once we entered we had to wait on a short line to be seated, this was well worth the wait because I had the opportunity to gawk at the deli counter with all the deliciousness in view behind the glass encasing.This place looks like a throwback from the late 60's and early 70's which I found to be wonderful. It's like the food was a perfect match to this placeOnce seated they started us off with coleslaw and two pickles.I ordered the Corned Beef and Pastrami combination, which consisted of corned beef and Pastrami with coleslaw on Rye bread.After a few bites of this enormous sandwich, the jury was in! Though when compared to Katz, the meats are sliced way, way thinner though I found the meats to be a bit more juicer than expected, totally delicious!I also ordered fries, they were just okay.The prices are in line with what you'll pay at Katz's Deli, I paid $23.00 for my Corned Beef and Pastrami Combination sandwich.I parked directly outside, I guess that was just luck.This place is definitely not an alternative to Katz's, it an equivalent, so when you're in the mood to have aReal Pastrami sandwich give this spot a try, it won't disappoint.
#REVIEW#Sometimes you just have to become a tourist in your hometown.I decided to try this place, let's say Katz is overrated, just because I wanted to taste something different.You will have to wait on line, but all worth it. Once you are seated, you read the menu. Make sure you order your meal by number(follow instructions)You are served a small order of cole slaw with two pickles while your meal is prepared.I got the Ruben, but couldn't finish it. If you go with someone else, I suggest you share.The sandwich runs about $23 each. It's served on rye bread, nothing extra.Overall, after trying different places that serve pastrami and corn beef sandwiches, I would say they all taste the same. It all means delicious!
#REVIEW#It's 2:30pm and we're getting a late start out to see the National History Museum and much later this eve Harlem. We're walking down 3rd Street, we see Sarge's Deli and think "let's get a sandwich to go, and split it as we're walkin to Grand Central train station. As we're waiting for our Reuben sandwich, the guys at the meat counter hand us a few slices of hot corn-beef to sample. We taste this corn-beef it's very thinly sliced, it tastes too good, we look at each other like we just won the Lottery. The Reuben sandwich then is handed to us, we start out the door, open the bag and there is this huge open face sandwich with pickles and condiments. It's too big to eat and walk. We return to the restaurant and ask for a table to devour this sandwich? We say "we'll be happy to tip your staff". They nicely comply. We sit in a booth with autographed pictures of celebrities that have eaten here, "they" look down on us saying "are you worthy?"..:). We lift our halves of this Reuben goodness, first biting slowly through Swiss Cheese that makes the statement "don't forget my Swiss-ness", then Sauerkraut that's just the right amount not to slow you down from enjoying the largest amount of the best and most moist sliced hot corn-beef on this planet. Each bite makes you realise that you are eating and sitting where greatness was and is. You say..."I don't know when my "last supper will be on this planet?" but, I want this sandwich to be it..:) Avram Seinfeld
#REVIEW#Thick stacked succulent meat. Kind of too much but definitely can see why this is an iconic place. The people are friendly and will walk you through just about anything. The pastrami sandwich was good but not super riveting and again A LOT of meat.
#REVIEW#So I was watching a Netflix special, bumping mics, which followed some comedians off stage and into Sarges Deli for corned beef sandwiches...And that's when I realized I was going to be in Manhattan in 4 days. Needless to say, after a prolonged absence from nyc and a mental image of these monster deli sandwiches, Sarges was at the top of my todo list.I walked the mile from my hotel to Sarges location on the east side, thinking I'd work up an appetite on my way. When the (pastrami) sandwich came out, I didn't think I'd be able to finish it...but I did.Fresh rye bread, mustard and a heaping pile of some of best pastrami I've had in my life. Paired with two types of pickles and some coleslaw it was everything I hoped it would be.I took a taxi back to the hotel, somehow I felt a little too full for the mile walk back.
#REVIEW#What a cute deli to visit on our trip to NYC! It seems very traditional to what you would imagine a place for a good pastrami to be. The menu is huge so you'll be able to satisfy the pickiest eaters - be prepared to spend a pretty penny on a ginormous sandwich there. The food is absolutely delicious and I would be surprised to find someone to complain about the portion size. The service was friendly and very quick - our waitress was just the sweetest. The interior was nice - old school with booths and tables - display cases on your way in/out showcase the amazing desserts that they offer.Overall - I really enjoyed our stop here and would recommend popping in for a quick bite!
#REVIEW#A friend and I ate dinner here, and not only was the service super slow and the waitress was scary mean (we had dinner at 10pm and there were only 3 other tables), but we both got food poisoning from the chicken sandwich! I called to make sure they take precautions with their chicken and not to serve it to other guests if it's been sitting around. He did apologize so I gave him an extra star, but I will not be going back to this restaurant ever again!
#REVIEW#I think I actually came here once in 2015 but was so sick that I didn't have the energy to fully review/enjoy my experience. When I noticed this place delivered on Seamless, I knew I had to try it again while in the city. I ordered for delivery and it took around an hour during lunch time. I ordered half a turkey sandwich on rye with provolone cheese and a cup of borsct. I'm glad that in the delivery they did include their signature pickles and a pieces of bread to eat with the soup- those little details really matter to me.My sandwich was great, with a ton of tasty turkey and included all the condiments I specified. The lettuce was definitely not fresh so I picked it off but hey, I didn't get the sandwich for the lettuce. The borsct was a hot pink and while it wasn't bad, as a Russian I was not used to this type of borsct. I think next time I will stick with their matzah ball soup which I remember being the best I had ever tried.Long story short- sandwiches were great, borscht was edible but not my personal style, and this place is a bit expensive but you do get a lot of food.
#REVIEW#Was on the hunt for a Reuben, and since we wanted to avoid some of the more crowded delis we tried Sarge's. There was a line to be seated, but it moved quickly and the woman running things was very efficient. I found the whole process to be much less anxiety-inducing than somewhere like Katz's or Carnegie (RIP). They have a really good selection of lunch specials including a smaller version of the Reuben which to be honest was still a very large sandwich so I have no idea how huge the real version must be. The lunch special also included a cup of soup, and the matzoh ball was huge, almost taking up the whole cup! My spoon was dirty though, and a couple of the other utensils looked like they could use a better washing. That wasn't great. The Reuben was very good, lots of meat and high quality. It was served with sauerkraut but I had to ask for thousand island, which did not come on it. My fellow diners had simpler sandwiches and they looked a little naked, both just meat and bread. They said the meat was good though. Pickles and slaw were served complimentary; I enjoyed both. The prices were not bad (in relative NYC terms) and were definitely less than some of the really famous places, especially considering the huge amount of food. Waiter was hard to flag down and not particularly pleasant, but you don't go to a deli for their fine waitstaff. She got the job done. Definitely worth a stop if you're wanting some classic Jewish deli food!
#REVIEW#Chose to come here because the line at Katz was ridiculous. The complementary pickles and cabbage cole slaw had a nice balance on seasoning, but the star of the show was the corn beef on rye (around $23) which was flavorful, moist, and stacked with meat. To be clear you don't come here for the excellent service or a bargain, but for New York's infamous deli experience.
#REVIEW#According to the great French chef, Daniel Boulud, "In celebration of a great review or a great accolade, I take the team of Daniel to Katz's Deli for lunch. We take the trip on the subway, we are like 40 or 50 people, and we go in the back room and have a pastrami sandwich." Daniel, I love Katz's and can't fault you for the back room move given the lines in front, but please try Sarge's next time. First, they are open 24/7, so if you get that great review at an odd time, this may be your best bet. Second, at Sarge's they let you get half of a sandwich at a time. I got half a tongue sandwich and another half pastrami. I don't think Katz's does that. On the other hand, Sarge's doesn't give samples and there's no cult of Harry Met Sally over there so I understand where you're coming from. All I can say is I liked Sarge's too, so give it a try.
