#NAME#The Smith
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-smith-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I came to the Smith for Sunday brunch on Father's Day with my family of 5. We had made a reservation for 10:30, but probably would not have needed it to sit indoors as it really didn't get busy inside until about 11:30.Our waiter was very nice and patient with us when we took our *sweet* time deciding what we wanted. We all ordered coffees or hot chocolates to start which were solid, and shared the famous Mac and cheese as a starter. As for brunch, we ordered a variety of dishes including the pancakes, ranchero scramble, eggs benedict, and waffles. Everyone was happy with their dishes but it was clear that the Mac and cheese was the real winner!Overall this seems to be a good spot for larger groups since they take reservations far in advance, and the menu has something for everyone. I thought the food was pretty good though nothing special.
#REVIEW#I'm fascinated by the high ratings for this restaurant. My guess is most people leaving reviews are out of towners or maybe inexperienced with cuisine. I'm not a food snob, by any means, but I would rate the food here to be mediocre, with the service being one notch above that and serving me just fine with no complaints whatsoever. From what I ordered, it was basic, unrefined, and to some degree not worth the stomach space. The chicken dish was downright gross. First of all, for $28, I'd rather have a 1oz portion of lean white meat, than a huge-ass plate of nasty, grizzly, trash-meat. The mashed potatoes included were mediocre literally at best. Potato chips with bleu cheese dip - idk how anyone could complain about something so simple so kudos here for this magical dish. Yes, that was sarcasm. If you need somewhere to dine pre/post Met-show then sure this place is fine. But I definitely would not be flagrantly giving 4 or 5 stars out like some of y'all Jesus Christ have some standards.
#REVIEW#Last week I had time to kill before heading to an event. I was leisurely walking up Broadway when I stumbled upon this little gem. I pass the Flatiron location pretty regularly and I've always wanted to try out the food. I must say this place did not disappoint. I ordered the Sea Bass which laid on a bed of sautéed swiss chard and other veggies. The fish was cooked to perfection. The skin was nice and crispy and the meat was very flaky and flavorful. The kale was cooked with chickpeas and a mixture of other veggies and was served with a very tasty broth. The flavors paired well together. I order a classic old fashion with Wood Reserve as my drink. The service wasn't the best...I had to wait about 10 minutes after being seated just to get water...and then I had to ask a food runner to locate my waiter. But overall it was a good experience and I would definitely come back.
#REVIEW#Just had a late brunch here today. The place is busy, but has a gazillion of seats, so luckily we didn't have to wait for a table (4 adults and 2 infants). The service is spot on... these guys are very organized and know what they're doing. We didn't order much, and we are glad we didn't, because the burgers are huge and come with a mountain of fries. Smith burger ($18): although the meat is supposed to be of lesser quality than their Supreme burger, this fellow displays a much more interesting concoction of flavors. Every bite was a succulent sample of deliciousness. I would get it again... and again. Supreme burger ($25): higher quality meat - and you can easily taste it - but the whole burger has much less going on and wasn't worth the price. The peppercorn sauce that comes on the side is not good. Go with the Smith burger and you won't regret it. Overall, considering the area, this can be a solid option for a weekend brunch if you happen to be in the neighborhood and all places seem to be either too pricy or packed (or both). I'd definitely go back for another Smith burger (and more).
#REVIEW#Spacious establishment and wide selection of quintessential brunch options on the upper west side! I had the breakfast pot pie ($19) because I LOVE breakfast and I LOVE pot pies. Overall I LIKED its breakfast variety. Two sunny side eggs on the very top gave every bite the smooth texture of yolky goodness. Digging downward through the crisp biscuit crust, you immediately enter a sea of gravy, sausage, bacon and potatoes so savory and warm that you forget to take the necessary a sip of water between each bite because it's so delicious. However, this consistency of largely a gravy filling was much less viscuous and more liquid than the wholesomeness of the mashed potato filling in a regular chicken pot pie, prompting my 4 star review. Otherwise, the dining experience was fantastic. On a Sunday morning after service, this large restaurant was able to cater to our 3 party table without a wait. Additionally we were given patio seats on a beautiful Spring day, and sparkling water was complimentary. The dishes were also affordable, mostly under $20 for an entree, and diverse (eggs, waffles, pancakes and sandwich options). I would recommend trying another dish over the breakfast pot pie even if you were looking for the classic potpie style with a breakfast twist, but otherwise a lovely experience in an UWS brunch gem.
#REVIEW#This was the perfect upper west NYC lunch experience. The place was light and airy; it was "live". The food was excellent.I had a very good Caesar and gnocchi with truffle, cream sauce. It was perfect.My son had avocado toast with poached egg and it was perfect. My wife had a fried fish sandwich with some very good chips - she loved it.A friend joined us and had some soup, which she loved.
#REVIEW#This location is one of my favorites of The Smiths. It's especially perfect when going to a show across the street at Lincoln Center. I recommend making a reservation for dinner or other prime times because they do get very busy. The downfall of that however, is that the tables are pretty smooshed together here, so there isn't much privacy or space between you and your fellow diners. It's also a pretty loud room, so if you are looking for low key or romantic this probably isn't your spot. Overall the food and service was really good and got us in and out in under an hour prior to our show. The mussels with chardonnay broth, dijon, tarragon fries were really fantastic. The sea bass with brussel sprouts and spaghetti squash was also a standout dish. This Lincoln Square location, like the others serves up some really stellar, reliably good food.
#REVIEW#1. They served me wine in a whiskey glass which was kinda turn off. 2. The resiling I had give me a headache after one glass. 3. The server had a weird attitude that night.. (give him the benefit of the doubt, I assume he has some personal stuff going on but don't bring to work). 4. Food was good especially the blue cheese potato chips. Summary: Please don't Fxxk it up.. there are a lot of good restaurants around Lincoln square/UWS with better food and services . Small mistakes Which customers think can be easily fixed will make people don't want come back again.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and had a great timePros:- The weather was beautiful so we got to sit outside for dinner- Our waitress was extremely attentive and nice- Out of all the dishes we got last night, definitely get the squid ink pasta. The crumbled garlic bread really made that dish crunchy and delicious.- The salmon was also delicious but the portion size was small. I understand they can't give a larger piece of salmon but the amount of veggies (savoy cabbage, caulilini, shiitake mushrooms,spring onion) that came with it was definitely not enough.- If you are really hungry and need a large portion size, get the brick pressed chicken (that dish could feed two). - Bathrooms were clean but located all the way in the back and basement of the restaurant- Great location - close to a lot of subway lines and the park! Cons:- I kept getting my chair bumped by the waitress, I think they need to space the tables out more
#REVIEW#I discovered the Smith through Yelp and bookmarked it for our NY trip last week. Then learned from a couple of my NY friends that the Smith was actually really popular and the food was great. My friend made a reservation for 7PM which I was glad that she did because my husband and I showed up a bit too early and it was already crowded that we almost couldn't find a spot by the bar while waiting for our friends. Once all the party showed up, we were led by the hostess to our table in the back area (you had to sorta cut through part of the kitchen section, weird, but so interesting!) I ordered Grilled Marinaded Shrimp served with heirloom black rice, roasted cauliflower, and sweet potato coconut curry ($29) and my husband ordered the Smith Burger ($18) while my friend and her husband had the Caesar salad with grilled chicken ($14) with a side of Brussels sprouts and Braised Short Rib Cavatelli ($23). We then ordered a few non-alcoholic beverages and some cocktails for my husband. Then we ordered a couple of desserts - Sticky toffee pudding ($11) and S'mores in the jar ($11) All in all, this was my first time at the Smith and I loved the ambiance and decor. I also really enjoyed my dinner. I honestly didn't expect much to begin with, but it was SO good! All the ingredients just complimented each other. I would order it again! My friends have already been to Smith many times and this place is their favorite. My husband thought his meal was alright, but he enjoyed his cocktails. Now let's talk about the desserts; I saw how my friends enjoyed their S'mores in the jar so I'm writing for them that it must have been amazing. I really loved my choice of dessert (with some help from our awesome waiter). The Sticky Toffee Pudding was like OH MY GOD I'm gonna get diabetes if I finished it. But seriously, it was SO good yet super sweet. It was really soft and just melted in your mouth. Luckily, I had my husband help me finish the vanilla ice cream while I was fighting the toffee pudding all by myself. I couldn't finish it because it was so sweet. However, it was all worth it! The bill came around $200+ with tips. It was super pricey I'm not gonna lie, but considered it was a really nice dinner with friends we haven't seen for years. This place is just perfect!
#REVIEW#Getting here from the Subway was a short walk - so nice and easy in the middle of winter. We came around 10am on Presidents Day Monday and were immediately seated in the back room (through the kitchen, but not the back back room). The menu was the holiday/brunch menu but there were still plenty of options to choose from!I opted for the breakfast pot pie which was weird because I usually love sweet breakfast, but it sounded good so I went with it. It comes out VERY hot and I'm pretty sure I burnt my tongue, but once I could taste again it was really really good! The eggs were perfectly runny and the top pastry is so buttery and yummy. I also LOVE mushrooms so the mushrooms were good. We split the Vanilla Bean French Toast for the table and it was nice thick bread! The bananas on the side were a great compliment too, and it was perfect to split for the three of us. The Smith had been on my list of quintessential NY Brunch places for a while, and it did not disappoint!
#REVIEW#What a great experience! We arrived a bit early to miss as much of the crowd as we could and thankfully were able to get a great seat in the dining room. The setting was very comfortable and lighting lent itself nicely to our "date night." Our server was prompt, accommodating, and engaging. We didn't need for anything during our visit. We started off with the mad & cheese appetizer. Might sound strange to some folks but if you follow my reviews then you knew it was coming at some point. It was baked nicely so the top had a good crunch to it while leaving the inside gooey in all the right ways. For me, it could've used a dash or two (or three) of salt or perhaps a saltier cheese but hey, we still ate the crap out of it. While waiting for our entrees I had an amazing cup of Earl Grey tea with honey, which, after walking in the NY cold, was very welcomed warmth. For my entree I had their version of the chicken pot pie. They nailed the crust and the gravy, check and check. The peas and carrots were all well cooked and seasoned nicely. I was not a big fan of the chicken, however. They did a fine shred on the chicken which made it very stringy and, in my opinion, difficult to eat. Also, the didn't cut up the mushrooms at all. There were massive, whole mushrooms in the pie which were intrusive and made it difficult to get a little of each element in one bite. Overall we did enjoy our visit. A few minor things I would address but we are likely to return the next time we are in NYC.
#REVIEW#Very nice place. It's pretty big but very crowded too on the weekend. We had to wait for 30 mins on Saturday morning. Not too bad but I would recommend to make reservation if you could.I ordered the smoked salmon toast with poached eggs. We also orderd the shishito peppers and calamari to share. The shishito peppers were good but I had better. Calamari was crispy. The smoked salmon toast was amazing! Loved the poached eggs too!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Thursday night with my sister. The atmosphere is great and I love the decor inside, the food & service- not so much. To start, we told our waitress about how our table was shaky and uneven and she said she had something to put underneath one of the legs for us... that never happened. We even asked a second time, nothing. Our drinks were okay, nothing to write home about. The food was (unsurprisingly) lack luster. I've eaten at another Smith location before and had the same reaction but I decided to give it another go. The hot potato chips with the blue cheese was actually the best, but very heavy. We ate about a quarter of the bowl so I'd say if there's only two of you- make sure you're hungry - or skip it. The fried green tomatoes were okay but also very heavy. The tagliatelle was good but later on both my sister and I had horrible stomach pains. Throughout the night I felt sick and we spent a good $45 each. Waste of money, won't be trying another Smith restaurant.
#REVIEW#A very pleasant meal across the street from Lincoln Center.  The room decor is comfortable black & white tile,  proving a relaxed feeling. The cocktails are thoughtful and very good. The fried okra was outstanding. We also enjoyed the Saturday short rib special. The sparkling water on the table is a nice touch. The staff is attentive and helpful.
#REVIEW#Great service, the restaurant was flexible for changing reservation. We had luggage and they helped stored them. Food was not bad, I like the appetizers more than main course though. Their hot potato chips are amazing, I love the cheese sauce. Fried calamari is very delicious as well. I had pork chop, it was not bad but very salty. The pork chop was juicy and soft, it tasted pretty good. I could not finish it because I was full from drinking water to wash down the saltyness. I tried my fathers short rib, it was too salty as well, however, I did enjoy the mashed potatoes that came with the steak. The restaurant was pretty loud, you have to yelled to get your order or talk to your friends. The overall experience was decent.
#REVIEW#Love the outside dining area. Great drinks good for people watching. Excellent Staff.
#REVIEW#This restaurant was incredible! My brother and I went for brunch on a Saturday and it was super packed. Thankfully it wasn't much of a wait, it ended up being around 10 minutes. It's a huge place so they can fit a ton of people. The service was good. Our waiter was very nice and helpful. The food was INCREDIBLE. My brother got the ranchero scramble and I got the eggs Benedict without ham. We also got Mac and cheese to split because we were told we HAD to try it. It was surely too much food but DELICIOUS beyond belief. Kinda pricy for me, being from Florida, but apparently it's normal for all that to come out to $60 in New York City. I don't doubt it. I would highly highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Really enjoyed my avocado toast. Nice flavors in the avocado and the eggs were cooked just right. Quick service. Glad we stopped.
#REVIEW#There are so many other American restaurants deserving four stars. Food is merely okay. Come here after work for a drink with friends.
