#NAME#The Smith
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-smith-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch,cocktailbars#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place is ALWAYS packed. Every time I walk past on the weekends there are people waiting outside for brunch. - I've been here for lunch, dinner, and a glass of wine at the bar.- I love their fries and the special ketchup they have- Perfect to meet friends for brunch or a casual date- Most of the time it gets really loud so aim for one of the outside seats or you'll have to yell across the tableMy favourites are the ricotta gnocchi and the spicy salmon tartare.
#REVIEW#This Smith is always a crowd pleaser.None of the food options here are really that extravagant or unique, yet they are tasty and satisfying.The crowd here is always lively and most of the establishments in the city have an open-air feel with windows that open to the street. The cocktails here never disappoint. I highly recommend the Smoke 'Em for mezcal lovers, as it is deliciously Smokey with a chipotle sugar rim.As for the food, I tried the sea bass, which was surprisingly tasty and well-prepared (would have assumed  a place like this thrives more on new-American cuisine than seafood). The appetizers were all pretty good too- lamb meatballs and mushroom flatbread to name a few.This is a great spot for a an outing with a big group of friends, especially if you do not want to break the bank.
#REVIEW#Friday night in NYC! Our friends took us to The Smith the atmosphere was busy but organized. The reservations were made through the Open Table app, simple and easy.We sat right away, and ordered drinks and apps.. the food came out fast and the drinks were great. We took our time having another round of drink before we ordered our entires. I had the steak salad, but substituted the goat cheese for feta. Delicious! JY got the Fried chicken, it was juicy and spicy! The fries were the only thing a little disappointing, they were not long fries.. it felt like the end of the bag half inch ends.. but that was the only missed opportunity.The Mac and Cheese was the tables top pick.. large portion and a deep rich taste!Ice cream sundae was off the hook!
#REVIEW#Hearing about how The Smith is a wonderful American restaurant for brunch, I have been excitedly waiting for the perfect opportunity to eat here. When my fiancé and I made brunch plans with one of his friends, this seemed like the perfect opportunity! We made a reservation for 11AM, and I am glad we did because The Smith was heavily packed! We were well attended to, as service was somehow quick. I ended up ordering the vanilla bean french toast featuring maple butter and caramelized bananas. The French toast probably came in about 25 minutes, along with the rest of our food. It was beautifully dusted with powdered sugar, although it probably didn't make a difference taste wise, as the french toast was very dense and sweet already. The maple butter didn't taste too different from regular butter, and there also could have been more bananas. However, the bananas were quite delicious, and I loved how fluffy the french toast was! Definitely would recommend The Smith to others! If I come back, I may try something else, although I am glad I got my fixing of the hyped up vanilla bean french toast!
#REVIEW#Had a team lunch reservation on 1pm on a Friday. After all the hype about this place, was super excited to finally try some of the well-reviewed dishes. We ordered a ton of food and everything we tried was outstanding, not a single doubt about it.Complementary bread and butter were a nice touch. Tasty, naturally tasting butter. Hot potato chips blue cheese fondue ($9) were just plain chips with dip. Skip, get something else that's actually a restaurant cooked dish. Shishito peppers ($9) tasty, well cooked. A bit oily. Big portion for the price. Skillet roasted Mac and cheese ($16) was a major surprise. Disappeared from the table pretty quickly. I'm not a fan of mac and cheese, but even I dug in and consumed an unfathomable amount. Very creamy, cheesy, and balanced taste profile. Not bland at all, which is a common pitfall of mac and cheeses.Calamari ($15) were tender and light. Great golden batter that easily peeled from the calamari. Ricotta gnocchi ($16 for appetize size, $24 for entrée size) with truffle cream were the biggest surprise of the day for me. I'm not a fan of pasta, so I gingerly tried one gnocchi. Then reached for seconds. And thirds. And fourths. One word for this dish--superb. The gnocchi were super tender and light. Definitely didn't taste frozen. Felt like perfect, fluffy balls of goodness. The truffle cream was the bomb. Give me a bowl and I'll eat it with a spoon! The truffle elevated this dish from simple to upscale. Seriously spectacular! The first pasta dish in my entire life that I'll remember and tell others about. Supreme burger ($25) dry-aged short rib blend, raclette cheese, watercress, red onion, green peppercorn sauce, gruyère bun, fries. The best bang for your buck. Huge portion. A mound of fries. Took the leftovers home.The only downside to this amazing dish is the heaviness I felt afterwards. The fries were light and fluffy and I had only a few, but my stomach felt extremely full and bloated afterwards. I didn't have any dinner that day, as the feeling lasted well up until I went to bed. The next day, when I got to those leftovers, I experienced the same prolonged heaviness and lack of appeties that lasted the entire day. Chicken sandwich ($18) burrata, tomato jam, basil aioli, toasted sesame semolina, fries Chicken pot pie ($25) roasted chicken, baby portobello mushrooms, pearl onion, cheddar biscuit top.Caesar salad ($14 for small, $19 for large) was nothing special--very difficult to make such simple staple stand out. Opt out for something more unique that you can't try anywhere else.Honeynut squash ($14 for small, $19 for large) goat cheese salad apples, frisée, spiced pepitas, apple cider vinaigrette. Bright, light salad. Nothing extraordinary to speak of, but tasty. Braised short rib cavatelli ($23) 10 hour short rib ragu, mascarpone were a hearty portion, good proportion of meat to pasta. Salmon ($26) pastrami spiced, apple cider braised cabbage, roasted parsnip, watercress, horseradish crema. Small portion: definitely not to stuff yourself but to savor the ingredients. Pretty presentation. Very well-seasoned, tender fillet. Delicate vegetable medley and crema. Delicate taste profile. Nothing crazy mind-blowing, but a solid option.The service was superb. Our waitress was super patient, warm, and helpful with menu recommendations. She even put up with our awful humor, which was a great testament to her character and training. We took our time ordering and staying for over two hours. Our entire experience was spot-on, impeccable. The atmosphere is casual. Very loud noise levels--prepare to raise your voice and strain to hear the conversation. The place has a toooon of seating, so big groups are welcome. Gets packed around lunchtime and dinner, with slow, calm time falling between 2 and 4pm. Fun fact: there is a peep hole in the bathrooms downstairs ;D Go check it out!Dark chocolate pecan tart ($11) chocolate pecan fudge, brown butter ice cream was a decadent indulgence. Not too sweet, which was a nice surprise. Very balanced taste profile. Thanks to the heavenly chocolate fudge and crunchy caramelized pecans, this was very rich and filling--good to share. Enjoyed the contrast between cold and smooth ice cream and warm, gooey texture of the tart. A perfect conclusion to a scrumptious meal. Get this!! Caramelized apple pie ($11) local honeycrisp apples, toasted almond cookie crust, bourbon ice cream was huuuuge. A great portion to share amid 2-3. Delicious, golden crust. Fragrant apples. Ice cream on top is a nice accompaniment. Overall, now I understand what the Smith hype is all about and totally will return for another great experience again!
#REVIEW#Food was fantastic but the service? That was even more fantastic! I went here for a weekday dinner. The atmosphere was rowdy, yet dark and romantic with the dimmed lights. The place was huge as there was also a downstairs area. My partner and I were seated in a comfy corner seat. Unfortunately, I forgot his name but a super friendly male server took care of us throughout the night. He wasn't overly intrusive yet always seemed to come at the right moments to check up on us. I ordered the Chicken Pot Pie and my partner ordered the Salmon dish off the main course menu. The Chicken Pot Pie was definitely meant to be shared as the portion size was huge. The ingredients inside were slightly salty but flavorful and hearty. The salmon was also really good as it wasn't dry at all. I had a wonderful experience here thanks to my partner and the friendly server!
#REVIEW#The breakfast here is solid, but not stellar. If you want eggs and hash, it will not disappoint! The coffee is good, and the bacon is crispy. However, for the price I was not blown away
#REVIEW#One of my favorite restaurants- expect good food and a great ambiance. Being a classic American spot it's always very crowded for brunch and dinner and less crowded for lunch especially on the weekdays (but it's never empty!) the burgers are always very good but the squid ink spaghetti is my new favorite.
#REVIEW#It's definitely important to walk inside a restaurant and feel good about where you are going to dine. I went for brunch so I recommend 1000% to reserve ahead of time. It's crowded between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. just by the entrance area so just be ready to feel a little in the way. The hosts are really welcoming and attentive. I love the decor and lights, it's mildly lit up but bright enough to see how they did their layout. The menu is delicious! Had myself a Moscow mule, or a few! I ordered The Benedict Johnny. I'm a fan of cut up potatoes and theirs was just so tasteful. I believe the sausage was turkey sausage, or at least tasted like it but it wasn't something that stopped me from eating it.all in all 8/10 !xo @LADIETACOMIENZAMANANA
#REVIEW#A reliable meal for when your friends are in town. Perhaps it will give you the bourgeois feeling of Manhattan, being amongst the civilized and cocktail sipping fiends of the lower east side. Or it'll just leave you wondering what you've been missing all your life. The Smith is your average American joint with a few extra dollar bills tacked on top of your classic dishes to make you feel high class and rich. Unfortunately, you'll walk away thinking you could have had the same experience elsewhere and the food may have been better. I wouldn't go home raving about any of the dishes we ordered, they were all mediocre. And I've also come to learn I don't like that Sir Kensington ketchup and would rather just have Heinz with my OK fries.
#REVIEW#I have to give this place 5 stars because they just did everything right. Our waitress was sooo great! Everything I expect from a wonderful server, she was attentive, knowledgeable, and quick! I'm so happy that the service was up to par with the food. I ordered the pork chop and MANNNN when I tell you I could've ate the bone!  It was so juicy and tender. The au jus with the potatoes and spinach were heavenly together. I was literally foodgasmic the whole tome I was eating. Hats off to the chef. I am definitely coming back here ASAP. -@agirlsgottaeatt
#REVIEW#This was one of the first brunch spots we found in NYC and it was great! I ordered the BLTE croissant sandwich and I loved it! Although the croissant was a bit dry. My friends got the French toast and eggs dish, which were both so good! I do think it was pricey for the portion we received but that's nothing new in NYC. The venue itself is gorgeous and has a very "home" feel to it. We arrived soon after it opened for the day and it wasn't crowded so I'd recommend going earlier if possible. We got our food quick and the waiter was very friendly to us. Overall, it's definitely a place you want to go to for brunch if you're ever in the city.
#REVIEW#The Smith is an excellent brunch spot in East Village. This was my second time at the restaurant and I couldn't resist ordering the same thing again--the pastrami grilled cheese. The sandwich was delicious, especially with the gruyere fondue on top of the rye bread. I was, however, a little disappointed with the Bloody Mary because it didn't have much flavor and would not order it again. I love the open atmosphere of The Smith and am eager to try their many menu options. The staff is friendly, but it's very crowded so I would recommend getting a reservation.
#REVIEW#Super cute place! Kind of crowded on summer weekends. I accidentally went to the wrong location first, so make sure you have the address correct. There are 4 locations. I got the eggs Benedict with egg whites instead of poached eggs. I was so full after and had some left overs still. I got the What's up doc? to drink it was very unique. I fell like it would be a good hangover drink, but I wouldn't be able to drink more than one. The waiter put it in a cute Martini glass for me too. Our waiter was very happy and a nice sweet guy. I for sure would go back with friends for a cute brunch date. They were also super understanding for me being super late to meet my friend.
#REVIEW#Basic? Maybe. But solid brunch go-to!I don't care what people say bout the Smith, how it's white girl central, or how basic it is. Maybe those are true, but I have yet to find a vanilla bean french toast that compares to this one. You will need to either make a reservation or show up there early because it gets packed as early as 12pm and the wait only gets longer. But you cannot go wrong with brunch at the Smith! Their brunch menu is also available until 3pm!The only thing is the wait if you don't make a reservation... the most crowded times are really challenging for walkins to be seated within 20-30 minutes. an FYI
#REVIEW#Wow wow wow. So first things first, not a quick cheap bite. Great food with great service. Atmosphere: very well decorated. They did it up for the holiday with wreaths, but kept it classy. Tiled floor and wooden accents for a modern/vintage feel. The bathrooms are unisex with one room stalls.Food: in one word: amazing. We went for brunch. I had a burger and fries with generous portions. The eggs Benedict was great and I cannot day enough about the huge portion of Mac n cheese. The potato chip and cheese app is also to die for.Service: so sweet and kind and personable. We had a big group of 11 and they were very accommodating. Two different managers stopped to check in on us and they even gave us free dessert and champagne to celebrate he birthdays! So much fun
#REVIEW#This is probably my favorite restaurant in New York and I've been to a lot of them. Friendly staff members. I got the squid ink pasta, which may have been the most delicious pasta I've ever had and my boyfriend got scallops. He thinks everything is delicious so another 5 stars there.
#REVIEW#In general, The Smith is one of my favorite affordably priced (for NYC) regular restaurants that I like to frequent. I used to go to the UWS location when I lived uptown. 2 words of caution: -menus are not consistent between The Smith locations, so double check that your favorite dish is on the menu-UWS location and East Village location are great, Nomad location is not nearly as good. I recently went to The Smith and ordered:  Spicy Salmon Tartare ($14) - MUST ORDER. Crispy bits of salmon tartare goodness. Bigger portion and cheaper price than a lot of similar restaurants in NYCRoasted Cauliflower Flatbread ($13) - took a chance and ordered this because I didn't want to get an unhealthy app like mac and cheese. It was amazing! Very pleasantly surprisedChicken Parm Special (Sundays only - $25) - Highly recommended. For only $25, you get a piping hot generously portion piece of chicken and some delicious pasta. Seabass ($26) - my girlfriend ordered Seabass, she liked it, I had some it was pretty good.Final word is, the East Village location of The Smith has the best service! Waiters are super attentive, and they've even given us free dessert before for being such good customers!I live on the lower west side, and there are no convenient subways to get to the Smith East Village, so I take uber - definitely a statement on how good it is.
#REVIEW#Cute place for brunch! Super busy but I got a cappuccino and the Benedict johnny. Benedict was very unique and delicious. I really enjoyed the chicken sausage on it. I also tasted my friends vanilla bean French toast. It was so good and would be great for those with a sweet tooth. Potions are great but I have to note that it's hard to talk since it's so loud inside. Make a reservation in advance! We didn't have to wait at all.
#REVIEW#Food was yummy. No long line & has seats to dine outside. The hosts were attentive . OverallGreat place $$$
