#NAME#Quality Meats
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/quality-meats-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner with a college buddy and was very impressed. As many other people have mentioned the bread is outstanding, so we got off to a good start. We ordered the bacon with peanut butter and jalapeño jelly as an appetizer and even though that probably sounds weird you have to try it. It's a combo that's way better than you would think. For the main course we did the porterhouse (medium rare) for two with the creamed spinach and asparagus for sides. The steak was phenomenal and was without a doubt the best steak I've ever had. The seasoning was perfect and the meat was very evenly cooked. Both of the sides were awesome as well. I appreciate that the spinach wasn't drowning in cream and the asparagus was perfectly tender. I feel like I'm saying perfect a lot but the food here is seriously that good. Service was on point and pretty quick. Ambiance is an A+. It's expensive, but you get what you pay for. Highly recommend this place especially if you're into wine as they have a very expansive selection.
#REVIEW#Alas, yelp doesn't have a half star or I would give this a 3.5. Good, but not life altering like it's hyped up to be, which makes it feel slightly frustrating to pay what it costs to dine there.Service was good-I sat in this table thAt was technically part of the hat since all of the seats were full, I had no reservation, and wanted a quick bite before a show.They came over enough times to make me feel like I was waited on appropriately without hanging over me.  Tough part is when I asked questions about the menu/special items there was very little explanation, and apparently all of the specials were appetizers? Strange...Sadly I didn't have time for a proper steak, but I did try a few apps, and they were good-the scallops with truffle and stuffed zucchini blossoms were my fave.  The fries and broccoli cheddar tots-not so much.  I'd save my calories for something really delicious.I'll probably come back and update the review once I've tried a steak...
#REVIEW#Visited with a bigger group. Overall a good experience I would give 3.5, just a bit overpriced for the quality.We had to wait 15 minutes for our reservation . Once were sat the service overall was great. Friendly and helpful. We did have to wait a while for the entrees, but they may have just been busy.The bread is very good, warm and flavorful. We got the bone marrow app, it was ok. The best part were the sides. Corn brûlée, parmesan waffle fries and gnocchi were all excellent . The steak was just ok. I got the large filet. Charred on the outside, there were some bits of fat, which I don't expect with filet migon It wast bad, but far from the most tender one I've had.The wine we had was good, but even for a steakhouse, it was incredibly overpriced for the bottle.
#REVIEW#We had dinner here tonight and there were five in our party. Since it was a girls night I feel safe in saying that we were all treated like queens. Our server, Shakib, went above and beyond to make this a truly memorable night. We all enjoyed the amazing champagne! For appetizers-we had the chopped salad, tomato salad, and steak tartare. We also had creamed spinach, brûlée corn, and the mashed potatoes. One side was better than the next! We had the ribs, steak, and lobster, and all were delicious! Of course we will return as this is one of our favorite restaurants!
#REVIEW#The double rib steak for 2: 4 pounds (bone-in) of juicy, marbled meat. The ribeye was excellent with a crisp burnt outer layer and flavors so rich you just want to eat the steak on its own - no adding sauce, salt/pepper etc. Expect a decent amount of fat.We loved the bacon with jalapeño jelly + pb at Quality Eats so we ordered it here too. Also tasty- very rich and fatty, but the jalapeño jelly didn't have the nice kick that I remember. Prices are comparable to other steak houses, but here the value shines.
#REVIEW#This place was okay. It wasn't my favorite steakhouse I've been to in the area.The 3 stars are for the great service! Our waiter was very friendly and nice. The porterhouse was super crispy. The corn brûlée was really yummy! The asparagus came out very cold and the mashed potatoes were very bland.I wouldn't come back here for steak, again. Maybe just a drink - the ambiance is cozy and the restaurant is dimly lit. So it created a warm, dinner mood. But the food was subpar.
#REVIEW#Note, this got stuck in my drafts, it is from May, 2018.Came here for a celebratory dinner. We had reservations, gave our name and we were seated immediately.the lighting is dark.the bathrooms were downstairs, they had cloth hand towels. a whole wall full of them.The bread that comes out is yeast-y. I enjoyed it. about 4 sizeable pieces.We got scallops. They were really good. Some of the best I've ever had.The Caesar salad was good. it was dry.We got the special of the day and got the filet mignon without the bone. it came with mushroom and some form of bread. We got the steak medium well, but it was more well. I'd recommend medium next time.We got the Orange cream ice cream and it came with real oranges. it was really good.We got a glass of wine, I can't remember the name, but it was really strong.Overall, we enjoyed the meal. the service was good.
#REVIEW#We went there because all the great Yelp reviews. But our experience is 1 star for our lovely waitress .The food is absolutely tasteless. I got a completely red inside ribeye when I ordered medium. Sent back twice before it was eatable. And it was tasteless. I couldn't eat it. They took it off our bill which is nice.I was happy for a minute when our waitress gave us 2 complimentary appetizers. But they were just lukewarm from inside out, we just had 1 bite and never touched them again. We would not be back.
#REVIEW#My boyfriend and I went here on a Saturday after hearing many times that this place had the best steak in the city. I was sure to make a reservation well in advance. The interior is dark and romantic and it was packed when we arrived for our 8PM reservation. We had to wait for a few minutes, but we were seated shortly after that. The bread they give the table is AMAZING; worth the trip there alone. We started with a gin and tonic (one of the best that I've ever had), plus my boyfriend's cocktail and we both enjoyed it. To start, we split a Caesar salad and it was excellent. The serving size was small, but this is a steakhouse after all. The service was excellent, but not too over the top. I got the surf and turf, which was good - but I wouldn't go as far as to say "best steak ever". It was a cream sauce and a red sauce with lobster meat over a 10oz filet. Sadly, both sauces paired with the steak were cold in temperature. I did manage to have a few bites of my bf's plain filet mignon and it was seasoned much better. I would be sure to order the steak plain if I make it back. For dessert, we split chocolate ice cream that came with peanut butter sauce and pretzels on top. This was really very delicious and I would totally recommend it. Overall, I loved my meal there and if I had a very special occasion, I would certainly go back.
#REVIEW#My favorite steakhouse ever!!! We came here this weekend to celebrate my husbands birthday and we were amazed by the service, quality, and experience that we had. I had the filet mignon and he had the rib steak -- both which were cooked to perfection. We also had a side of the gnocchi in cream sauce and the yorkshire cream spinach in a delicious popover. The quality of these items is far superior to most food I have eaten. Also, the waitress came and made steak sauce in front of us as we were waiting for our food to come. We were so happy with our time here! We will be coming back soon!
#REVIEW#As far as steakhouses are concerned this experience was really enjoyable. From service to food to price, all of it was reasonable to its catagory. I dined with a friend without reservation and they were able to seat us at 5:30. We ordered the aged rib eye, cream bruleed corn and the goddess salad. This portion was perfect and did not leave us feeling overfull. The steak was cooked medium rare according to our preference and it had a crispy chared exterior and was nicely seasoned and salted without being salty.The corn is delicous and pairs well as a spread for the bread. The goddess salad was also very good. The only thing is it had olives and i'm not a fan, so after picking those out, it was great with apples and avocado. It was dark inside but atmosphere was lively. If you sit against the wall, the tables will be close so be prepared to cozy up to neighbors on a busy night.
#REVIEW#I'm really saddened to write an updated review and give a substantially less star rating. I loved Quality Meats last time and was very much looking forward to coming back and was totally let down.The night got off to a rocky start when they sat us 35 minutes after our reservation time...and no one even apologized or offered any type of consolation. I took note of everyone around us complaining about the same thing as well. Once the waiter came over, we wanted to put the order in because we were starving at this point. Very much to our dismay we were informed there was no more bone in fillet, no more 10oz filet, no more crab appetizer....are you kidding? We literally made this reservation for the bone in filet and after seating us 35 minutes late, this was not the news we wanted to receive. Annoying. We went with the other filet they offered along with two sides, cream of spinach and corn. For an appetizer we started with the meat and cheese board. Just like last time, we enjoyed it and it was generous in size but no one took the time to tell us what cheeses were what. It was a total taste test and us guessing. Our waiter and the entire staff was in the weeds and it was very obvious. Both the table to our left and right were complaining, requesting to speak to management, it was literally crazy town. We didn't bother pushing the issue and just ate the random cheese and moved on.When the steaks and sides came out, everything looked good. The steak was hot thankgod, I was worried because the table next us was served cold steaks and they were pissed, rightfully so. BUT our cream of spinach was ice cold. We flagged down the overwhelmed waiter and informed him of the issue and he promptly had another cream of spinach brought out. Guess what? This was also freezing cold. WTF?! This isn't any run of the mill place, this is supposed to be a high end dining experience. Most certainly didn't feel like it. After complaining again, eventually a hot cream spinach was brought out but honestly by this time we were almost done with our steaks and we really didn't get to enjoy it at all. Such a bummer. The waiter did the right thing and did take it off the bill but honestly that really didn't make up for the extremely sub par experience we had. Quality Meats was a big let down on Saturday night. The entire restaurant was clearly in way over their heads and it showed in every aspect - the food quality and service were both poor. Unfortunately I won't be coming back here anytime soon and I will no longer be recommending it to friends as I once did. For the price you're paying, you expect a lot more and rightfully so. I hope management reads this review and takes action so future guests don't walk away as dissatisfied as I am.
#REVIEW#Came here for a birthday celebration with my girlfriend. We were underwhelmed to be quite frank. We have a bucket list of steakhouses to visit and a running ranking of all the establishments we visited. This restaurant unfortunately ranks towards the lower end. The service was great, the highlight of the meal. Very professional, gracious and attentive servers. The server had even asked if we were celebrating something and we had mentioned it was for a birthday. They brought out a complimentary cake and dessert for us. Very nice of them. The food was disappointing, especially for the price. We ordered a cheese plate, super expensive for such a small portion. Pass on this and go to a wine bar for a larger portion for less. The bread basket was cold but flavor was good, it just needed to be cooked for longer. For the entree we ordered the dry-aged bone in ribeye. It was good, though not the best steak I've had in our NYC steakhouse adventures, but the dry-aged flavor was there, the steak was just tough even at medium rare.The sides we ordered were Parmesan waffle fries and the corn creme brûlée. The corn creme brûlée was amazing, order that if you're having a meal here. Such a nice mix of textures and flavors, it's creamed corn taken to such a higher level. The Parmesan waffle fries were just okay.The service, ambience and decor were great (the bathroom was top-notch) but you can get better steakhouse food at a plethora of other places in the city.
#REVIEW#A contemporary, modern steakhouse with fun side options and seafood as well. I had the filet and so many cheese and broccoli bites. You must get the QM butchers board to start - it is one of the best charcuterie and cheese boards in town. Tons of side options kids would enjoy as well like cheese pasta, potatoes and more. Be sure to make a reservation, or expect to wait in the barea (bar area) for a while.
#REVIEW#Very good meal here I must say. I enjoyed everything I ate, however the sides and apps were way too small. My goodness gracious we had 4 people at our table and we ordered 3 sides and the waiter said ooh yeah it's enough for everyone. Maybe if we were tables of 5 year olds it would have been enough come on now. The price we're paying in there quality meats you have to do a better job there. Again all the food was excellent there's nothing I had that I didn't like. The broccoli and cheese bites were my favorite. Get the Bordeaux wine made for quality meats it is phenomenal. Felt a bit rushed in there too but that's what you get in places in that sometimes they have to turn the tables
#REVIEW#Terrible experience! The bartender was rude, our reservation at 9:00 was 30 mins late. Our main course wasn't delivered until after 10.30. By which time our food was cold. We also had a large loud and obnoxious table next to us which completely ruined our experience.   We asked to move but were not given any decent options.  The restaurant was loud and lively and felt like a street market not a high end establishment at $200 for 2 people.  We loved quality italian, the sister restaurant, so we were very surprised and disappointed with this experience.
#REVIEW#Quality service, quality meat, and quality wine. This spot is quite confusing when you walk in, there's a lot of glass that you could walk into lol! it's not small, just a tricky floor plan. the waiters are so sweet and attentive, round of applause to them. i had the rose, cold and crispy. we had the surf and turf as the entree and i must say i absolutely enjoyed it. the aoli on top of the lobster was a little too creamy for me but it was still really good. i would highly recommend this spot to everyone!
#REVIEW#I would highly recommend this restaurant. As a frequent visitor, I have been witness and subject to their kind and gracious tendencies and am continuously surprised by their consistent efforts to make a meal experience easier and more enjoyable. Iris, the Office Manager, responds to online orders from me within the quickest of manners. The food is delicious enough to have my boss coming back the majority of the week for his lunch. If you are looking for a place that serves great food and takes the time to ensure a great experience, look no further.
#REVIEW#The food was good but very expensive. Everyone who had meat complained that there was too much meat to even get down. Wishing it was a 6-8oz not 10. The sides were delicious and the service was excellent. We had the butchers board to start and everything on it was good. Fun ambiance and a nice place.
#REVIEW#My experience was a nightmare. Starting with 45min wait to finally get seated despite having a reservation. The hostess was obviously making fun of us by saying "you are the next table to get seated" and kept seating other people. The server was very pushy as they needed to get rid of us as quickly as possible to seat more people waiting. Food was good but nothing outstanding and definitely not worth the wait. Poor wine selection. Overall expensive for what you get and the way we got treated was unacceptable.
