#NAME#Osteria Morini Manhattan
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/osteria-morini-manhattan-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,cocktailbars,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#My friends and I got Torcia ($25) and Cappelletti ($25). The Torcia squid ink pasta was delicious especially with the shrimp ragu and the pasta was perfectly cooked. However, I wished it had more seafood-y taste from the squid ink sauce because the ragu flavor was pretty strong, which I was okay with but not something I expected from a squid ink pasta. The Cappelletti was delicious and very flavorful. The taste of truffle and ricotta fills up your mouth when you bite into the raviolis. I thought the portion size for Cappelletti was a bit small considering that it was a $25 pasta dish though. However, I love the ambiance of the restaurant and it's a great balance between homey, casual, and classy. It would be a great place for a date or dinner with family for a special occasion. We were also 20 mins late for our reservation, but they were very nice about it still let us in which I really appreciated. I would've given 3.5/4 for the food but I'm giving a solid 4 for the service.
#REVIEW#Fun , trendy , mellow all at the same..Food is good cocktail on point.Staff is a world class service very friendly and nice.
#REVIEW#Everything about this meal was top notch! The service from the moment went entered was impeccable. We had a reservation and were seated immediately. Good idea because by the time we left, it was packed. Everyone was professional but also warm and welcoming. It felt I was dining at a friend's home. The food was fantastic. We started with the Fritto Misto and Mista salad both were good. I love seafood so the fritto misto was definitely my first choice. For pasta, we ordered the tagliatelle with Bolognese ragu and the agnolotti, both were next level delicious. The pasta is made fresh and cooked to a perfect al dente, the ragu was incredibly rich and flavorful, and the agnolotti was also really good. Dessert was the budino and olive oil cake. Both were solid desserts and I'm not a fan of olive oil cake but this one was good. Final thoughts- the tagliatelle was outstanding! I was full but I still wanted a second plate because it was THAT good. The budino was my favorite of the two desserts we ordered. I look forward to returning for a second time.
#REVIEW#My three friends and I came in on a Tuesday night at 6:30pm. Although it was a weekday, it was packed! Thankfully, we had a reservation. (They won't seat you until your entire party is there, but luckily there is a bar area where you can wait if someone is running late.)We ordered the Burrata ($19) from the Antipasti Selection and the Tagliatelle ($25), Cappelletti ($25), and the Torcia ($25) from their Pasta Selection. All of the pastas are priced the same. The Burrata was a good portion for the four of us as an appetizer. We enjoyed all of the pastas, but the favorite among us was the Cappelletti (truffled ricotta ravioli, prosciutto, butter). We also ordered a bottle of the Monica Di Sardegna 'Ica' | Mora E Memo (Sardinia/Silicy, $54) found in their selection of Red Wines. Finally, for dessert we ordered and shared the Tiramisu ($11). Good selection of pasta, standard portions, attentive service. 4/5 for value.
#REVIEW#Actual rating is more like 3.5*Came here for date night on a Saturday night at about 8!It was really packed! Would recommend you make reservations if you plan on dining here!It's a really small comfy cosy restaurant! Tables are really close to each other, but i guess you do the most you can with the space you have!Staff are nice and pleasant enough! Food was just ok! The appetisers way better than the mains! We ordered the burrata and the octopus which were delicious! Table next to us had the meatballs and that looked amazing aswell!For mains we had the squid ink pasta - it wasn't bad but it just wasn't as good as some of the others I've had before!Gramigna- which was the macaroni - interesting dish is all I would say!We weren't so impressed by the end of the night we skipped out on desert or anything else!
#REVIEW#Solid restaurant. You could tell it was all in house made noodles. A bit too al dente for me, but great flavors. Delicious apps also. Service was nice.
#REVIEW#So, it was my Birthday Dinner! We decided to spend it at Osteria Morini. I had heard so many great things about this restaurant. When walking into this dimly lit, rustic restaurant It is just so cozy and romantic. We were a little early so we found a little area to hang out by the bar and try one of their cocktails. We decided on the soho special. It had vodka, espresso, vanilla, cream and club soda. The first sip we took reminded us of a spiked Yoo-hoo. It was so delicious.  Def a must try when you come here. Our reservation was for 7pm and they seat and the exact time. We were seated in the back close to the open kitchen. It was really cool to see them cook. Also, we were able to see the gentleman cut the meats for the antipasto. The staff here is so pleasant and accommodating. Our waitress answered all our questions and recommended a lovely wine. We started off with a meat and cheese platter. We ordered way to much but it amazingly delicious. Speck, prosciutto and bresaola and Squacquerone (a spreadable creamy cheese), Parmesan reggiano and a Lardo spread. With a basket of warm bread.  This was Ahmazzzing start!!For our second course we had pasta.Tagliatelle bolognese this was rich and full flavor dish. Ton of meat and the pasta was perfectly al dente. Def a must try.Our next pasta was super unique and something you won't find anywhere else. Spallina which is a double ravioli.  It has two envelopes. One side with duck the other side with apple and parsnip. It's enrobed in a beautiful robiolina and butter sauce. The ravioli was cooked perfectly and the flavors worked perfectly together.To finished our dinner portion we tried the prochetta with beautiful crunchy, creamy potatoes. This was a beautiful dish. The porchetta although a tad fatty was juicy and full  of beautiful flavor and the potatoes was nothing I every came across.  We ordered the mushrooms as a side and although good a little over seasoned.At this point we were stuffed but we did order dessert. We ordered americanos and the crostata. Although good it was very sweet. I only was able to have a few bites.Osteria Morini is just an amazing restaurant. The food is of the highest quality and so is the staff. I highly recommend having dinner here. Parking is a tad difficult. Signs change at 6pm (338)
#REVIEW#Hands-down, the best Italian in NYC!!! Homemade, perfect each and every time, and unforgettable. And they have $12 Pasta Nights on Mondays after 9pm! You just cannot beat that for the high-quality food and right in Soho of NYC!CAPPELLETTI (truffled ricotta ravioli, prosciutto, butter):The most amazing bite you ever had! Firstly, you get a bit from the perfectly cooked pasta and then the creamy ricotta start bursting out while the taste of butter and truffle coats your mouth and just a touch of saltiness from the prosciutto. You won't be able to stop eating these and before you realize, they are all gone and you will need a second round. I still think about these from time to time. TAGLIATELLE (bolognese ragù, parmigiano):A heart-warming classic dish that has been perfected by Osteria Morini. What I enjoy the most is the depth of flavor and richness of the bolognese coating each ribbon of pasta.  What sets Osteria Morini apart from any other Italian restaurant in NYC is the hominess from the decor and ambiance to the service to the home-made pasta. You can really tell the difference. This place is the perfect date night, anniversary restaurant, and any family celebrations. They often are able to host larger parties. All in all, I have returned to Osteria Morini and they never disappoint.
#REVIEW#Ironically, the appetizers were better than the pastas here. Not sure i would come back since I thought the pastas were average.Squid ink pasta- I've definitely had better squid ink pasta elsewhere. While the pasta was cooked al dente the way I like, I felt the sauce could have been better. It didn't have enough salt or seafood flavor in it. Tagliatella- This dish wasn't memorable to me. Again the flavor didn't impress me and could have been better.The meatballs were the best thing I ate that night. The texture was perfect and flavor was spot on. I highly recommend the meatballs.The octopus was also a really good dish. It was cooked perfectly. I don't think the good appetizers are enough to entice me to come back.
#REVIEW#I've been wanting to try Osteria Morini for a while. I finally convinced my boyfriend to tag along (it wasn't that difficult) and boy were we in for a treat! I sampled a cheese/charcuterie platter (proscuitto, squaquerone soft whole cow's milk cheese, and their unique parmesean "gelato" with balsamic glaze, & grilled bread). The squaquerone was a new one for me, but as a true cheese explorer, I had to try it. It was quite rich, but unlike any other cheese I've tasted. Sort of a mix between a rich goat cheese with the texture of burrata / mozz. The parmsean gelato was amazing -- really just a cheese spread, but the balsamic is a great addition and I couldn't get enough (I even took the remnants home). I then had the Garganelli -- pasta quills, cream, peas, truffle butter, prosciutto. I was nervous, as many restaurants overdo it on the truffle, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was exactly what I was in the mood for -- and I can't wait to go back and try more!
#REVIEW#Second time I have been here and the food is excellent.  There are little things that keep it a 4 and not bumped up to a 5.  Happy hour drinks are only available at the bar, our waitress did not know the specials, and the temperature is always a a little cool.All those things can be looked past since the food is outstanding.  This place is a 5/5 for food.  The appetizers, pasta, fish, and desserts are all excellent.  The quality of food and preparation are amazing.  Will definitely be back soon (with a sweater).
#REVIEW#Nothing to be said that hasn't been said! The pastas are incredible. Al dente, luscious, packed with flavor. We ordered the tagliatelle and cappelletti. I loved each individually, but I also loved them together because they were so different from one another.Get the cheese and meat board to start with - the squacquerone cheese is a life changer. Prosciutto was delicious and plentiful. Salami was salty and perfectly fatty. Love that they have wine flights here! We got the lambrusco and the waiter was knowledgeable, meticulously explaining the progression of the three glasses. Additionally, the apple crisp cocktail is amazing. Not too sweet at all and really refreshing. Portions of each pasta plate is perfect for one person. I'd recommend coming with a few friends cause you will want to order so many pastas as soon as you see the menu!
#REVIEW#Still in love with this spot, but why can't I learn to make a res? We waited 25 min for a mini table near the entrance on a Saturday night. Date night turned classy and delicious real quick - I forgot how good this place is! The theme of the night was high-quality perfectly seasoned food. Started with a light mista salad to save room for the main goods, which was a perfect respectable light crisp salad topped with an amazing cheese-schmeared crostini (good enough for me to wish to have a whole appetizer of just this - why and how was this so tasty?). Move onto fusilli with pork shoulder ragu with a creamy beautiful dollop of more of that amazing cheese. This bowl was EXACTLY what I wanted, glutenous chewy homemade pasta tossed in plenty of red sauce that tastes like it was simmering all day, bits of tender meat that melt away and add extra depth and oomph. Pollo Al Mattone (brick chicken) was another hit, absolutely amazing and I never like ordering chicken. 4 medium pieces with skin crispier than I could imagine for non-fried chicken, on a bed of its own juices with tender roasted fingerlings. Wow this was good. Order it with a side of roasted mushrooms, they're perfect together. The night ended with tiramisu and some gelato on the house (d/t our entrees taking a while). The tiramisu was the only less-than-perfect thing we got, still good but I wish the cream layer was fluffier. The wines and food is all well-priced, and eating here literally feels like eating in Italy. Service was great, the hosts were extremely nice trying to get us a table. Definitely an oldie and goodie.
#REVIEW#The food at Osteria Morini was good but didn't meet expectation. There are better pasta options in the city. The vibe of the restaurant is also relatively dull
#REVIEW#Wow this place was so good! Came here for dinner on a Wednesday night - it was very busy and VERY loud. I would definitely recommend making reservations. They had some good specials - we got the bruschetta which was delicious. I also had the mista salad which was dressed perfectly and was a very large portion. For dinner I had the tagliatelle which was AMAZING. So much flavor and the pasta was cooked perfectly. For dessert we had the tiramisu and it was delicious as well. Very good selection of wine. Can be a bit on the pricey side depending on what you get but the pasta options aren't too expensive. Would love to return.
#REVIEW#Made a reservation about a month in advance for my boyfriend and I. Was hoping to be blown away but found most of our dishes to be simply fine. We shared:+ Agnolotti with pumpkin+ Garganelli+ Cappelletti+ Brussels sprouts + Mela (Apple dessert)+ scoop of cookies and cream ice cream with a ginger cookieThe pastas were tasty but not spectacular (these days, my bar is Lilia, and everything else seems to pale in comparison). The agnolotti dough was a little too thick. The Brussels sprouts seemed over boiled in some way but had good flavor. There wasn't really a bite of anything where I said "wow," though I would say the garganelli was the standout. As for dessert, the ice cream was much better than the mela the crumble of which lacked crispness. Service was great. 3.5 stars.
#REVIEW#Osteris Morini is one the top Italian restaurants I have been to in NYC, and that means a lot when there's at least 3 of them on any given  block here! My girlfriend and I came here on a Saturday night with a reservation. The place was packed but we were seated at our reservation time. We ordered a meat and cheese board to start and the lamb tartare bruschetta, which was a special. Both were delicious! We even asked to take some of the parmigiano gelato (yes, parm cheese in gelato form) to go because we didn't want to waste it. The lamb was also delicious, served with a light yogurt sauce and their amazing bread.For entrees I ordered the gramigna (macaroni, pork sausage, tomato cream sauce) and it was soooooo good. The sausage was slightly sweet and smoky which paired perfectly with the rich and smooth tomato sauce. My girlfriend ordered the garganelli (cream, peas, prosciutto and truffle butter) which I also enjoyed. I could not taste any truffle in it though,  which was fine by me as I find it usually ruins dishes anyways. She was in love with her pasta, and we both look forward to coming back to try some of the other creations on their menu!
#REVIEW#Great restaurant. Michael White does not disappoint. We had the brunch. Food was great. Service was very good. The only hiccup was instead of getting the Black Ink Pasta that we ordered we got another pasta dish. Our server made sure we got the correct dish right away and gave us the mistake on the house. Taking a mistake and turning it into positive service move was great way of making two patrons very happy. Pastas are made in house. Always makes a difference in the dish. The chacutterie comes in a decent portion. I don't think I've ever been served so muc prosciutto. Good stuff. Lastly, the burger was spot on. Its dry aged, full of flavor and cooked perfectly. The onion rings we're great too. I will be coming back for dinner.
#REVIEW#This is Italian food.  Not Italian-American.... Italian.  If you are familiar with  Antipasti, Primi, and Secondi, this is the place for you.And in true Italian fashion, the rules are made to be broken.  If each person ordered each of their own courses, you would have twice as much food as you really need.My wife and I each split one of the each course and the pictures speak for themselves.  Bruschetta where the cheese oozes at room temperature.  Pasta that is so pristine that it looks like wax.  Chicken cooked in a rustic style that cherishes the whole bird - bones, skin and all.It's food like this that makes you remember why you fell in love in the first place.  And your endorphins will be at a high enough level that you'll love everyone around you too.
#REVIEW#Great food and great wine pairing. The pasta dishes are the same price but one has bigger portions than the other. I ended up ordering creamed spinach and that's where they lose a star. "Creamed" was more like runny water....Great staff!
