#NAME#The Capital Grille
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-capital-grille-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak,seafood,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#One of my favorite spots to dine.  I'm going to be bold and say they may have the best steak in NYC!  PROsThe restaurant honors your reservation in a timely mannerSteaks are cook as requestedThe lobster mac & cheese*I'm not a drinker, but I hear the aged cocktails are deliciousCONsNo parking for drivers Aesthetically nothing to rave about
#REVIEW#They've gotten better to the point that I have lunch here once a month with my brother. The staff is so accommodating and attentive. If it's not made to your likely, let them know and they make sure it is. The food here makes me smile with every bite. I look forward to coming back.
#REVIEW#One of the best steakhouse chains in the states located at the famous Chrysler building is always filled with business men. The service is great and food is consistent. It's prettt formal and business like. Pricey but the portions are huge and the ambience is really nice with the glass roof and nice paintings on the walls. I just wish they had more seafood options for non steak eaters. I always get the swordfish or salmon as those are the only seafood options they have other than the r bar tower. The sides here are all excellent especially the brussel sprouts with bacon and lobster mac and cheese. Desserts are a must here too. The chocolate cakes are so dense and thick. This place doesn't disappoint.
#REVIEW#Capital Grille has great food and great service.  We came for a birthday party, and we had champagne to start which was wonderful.  The food was served with the correct temperature and very efficiently.  I ordered lobster which was cooked very well, not overdone and chewy.  We also had sides of creamed spinach which is always tasty and probably not as nutritious as it may sound.  The location is very central and convenient, near Grand Central Station.  I can see why business travelers frequent this place.
#REVIEW#We came here on a weekday with a few colleagues from work.  LOVELY - Our waiter was attentive and came by often to check on us.  I ordered the steak with a side of fries from the lunch special.  I requested a "rare" cooked steak and it was made to perfection.  It was wonderfully seared on the outside and red on the interior.  The fries were also super yummy.  The creamed spinach was also ordered as a side dish and I highly recommend it!  Capital Grille never disappoints!
#REVIEW#Arrived around 645 on the last Friday of restaurant week and this place was PACKED. While waiting for a friend, i decided to go to the bar, except, there was no room to sit let alone stand. This is great for Capital Grille, not so great for me. When we were seated we we presented with an interactive wine list and this was awesome. You can sort by region, price, type.. we decided to go with a cabernet sauvignon which was a good choice. They also brought out a bread basket before we ordered. Always a plus.Off the restaurant week menu, I ordered the New England Clam Chowder, Filet Mignon and Creme Brulee for dessert. You also get to choose from mashed potatoes or green beans as a side so we did one of each to share. I recommend it all!Even because of the large crowd, we didn't feel rushed to leave the table. The dining experience was great! Will be back.
#REVIEW#Awesome first time here. Had the steak and cream spinach. Great ambience. See pictures of ornate bar and of course named cigar lockers. International clocks and open kitchen.
#REVIEW#Omg! I've eaten in my share of steak places but have to say this was the best. I'm not a steak connoisseur and was a bit thrown when the waiter asked if I wanted my filet mignon cold rare (or red) or warm rare. They are very knowledgeable and helpful. Anyway, the steak was amazing. Side of mashed potatoes was heaven. Super creamy and a little lose. Blue cheese salad wedge with bacon was also amazing. Bread basket was just ok. Had better bread in the Palm. Desert of creme broulee was also just ok. Had better but the steak was the star of the show.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite Capital Grille locations. The waitstaff always deliver with strong menu knowledge, great recommendations and attentive service. The food is always wonderful and if there is an error (rarely) it is corrected almost instantly. Additionally, the decor is pleasant and the architecture of the ceiling and location is unique. Over the years this has become my default choice when I need a great experience and don't feel like experimenting. Despite trying many steakhouses around the city I think this one holds up to some of the best. The fact that they remember my preferences and keep notes on me (despite going weeks or months between visits) is just the icing on the cake. No, they're not an independent restaurant owned by a multi-generation family or run by a currently trendy chef. They just deliver on a great experience and food consistently-which is all that matters to me. P.S. Try the Porcini Rubbed Ribeye -it's a favorite of mine.
#REVIEW#Came here for restaurant week with some coworkers and got the mixed greens salad and the salmon. The salmon was good but the greens were not all that fresh unfortunately. I feel like we should have had a little bit more food on the main plate. I've been once before and ordered off the lunch menu then which was a much better experience. I would avoid restaurant week here again.
#REVIEW#Nice experience and great value at The Capital Grille for Restaurant Week 2019. Had the New England Clam Chowder as an appetizer, then a 14oz bone-in sirloin steak with side of mashed potatoes, and creme brûlée for dessert. Everything tasted great, and the bill came to $42 plus tax and tip, due to the restaurant week deal. Not a 5 star review simply because the waiter was not too welcoming, especially after hearing that we were having the restaurant week price fix menu
#REVIEW#Everything was great....appetizers, sides, main course..and the waitress was welcoming fun and easy going
#REVIEW#I've only been here twice for meals, once for lunch and once for dinner.  Both times were for work, so I wasn't the one paying.  That being said, I always get a steak entree and it is always pretty good.  Not the best I've ever had, but not bad either.  And the accompaniments and extras offered with the steak i.e. sauces are very good.The other items on the menu also really shine.  The seafood is very fresh and abundant and the sides are always good. It's a popular place for business lunches and dinners, as well as for tourists due to its location next to the Chrysler Building.They also do some very nice cocktails and the service, both at the bar and at the tables is always very good.
#REVIEW#I've come to this place before I love this restaurant chain. This is the second time I've been at this location. It was very busy once I arrive but my wait time was no longer than 15 minutes. I came with a group of sex couples food was amazing always good fresh very hot and beautiful. I had a great Drink.My friend at the porterhouse steak. They loved them. Some  of them had it rare and they said it was one of the only places they went to that cooked it exactly how they wanted it. I had restaurant week menu which was the roasted chicken it was amazing I will put pictures below will definitely return the lobster mac & cheese is my husbands favorite.
#REVIEW#I went here with family and ordered the porcini delmonico. The steak was very large and tender. It is fairy sweet for a steak, so about halfway through it becomes a bit of a fight to power through! The food is a bit pricey, but comparable to other quality steakhouses in New York.Our only issue was that we had a 7:45 reservation but were not seated until about 8:45. The restaurant more than made up for it, however, by bringing us a complimentary 2-level seafood appetizer containing lobster, crab, oysters, and shrimp. It was amazing! Our waitress and service was great overall once we were actually seated.
#REVIEW#Fantastic restaurant!!! After walking out of another local restaurant because of horrible customer service we ended up here and all I can say is wow great bartenders and food was amazing. Definitely recommend it if your in the city.
#REVIEW#Shrimp cocktail and lobster bisque both good. Caesar salad just OK.  Lobster tail cooked perfectly. Miso glazed salmon cooked well. Green beans undercooked a bit.  Service was good.
#REVIEW#Excellent food and service. I was treated for a beautiful dinner and had the best on the menu!!!!! Surf and Turf was sooooo good ... If you can afford to go after all of your bills are paid ... please do. The  wine selection was exquisite and the the design of the building on the inside seems as if the building structure is coming down but it adds a sense of ambiance that's different from most restaurants. Great experience and another display of culinary excellence!!!!!
#REVIEW#Been to this Capital Grille location a couple of times, and generally have had very good experiences. As with all of their locations, their steaks are top notch, and their French onion soup is second to none. I particularly enjoy the Kona strip, however you really can't go wrong with any of their cuts. Other appetizers I've enjoyed are the wedge salad and the calamari. This is also in my opinion the coolest location, the dining area with the architectural glass ceiling looks amazing both inside and out. Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is I went here for restaurant week a few years ago and it was legitimately awful. The waiter made us feel uncomfortable for asking for the RW menu, and our steaks were incredibly underdone. I always order my steak rare, but this steak was so raw I was worried it was going to moo when I cut into it. The center of the steak felt like an ice cube. Then the waiter was no where to be seen for a long time, so I just ate the somewhat cooked parts and left it at that. Aside from that one experience, I've found that the service here is phenomenal and goes beyond your expectations even for an expensive restaurant. Even with a crowded steakhouse market in this part of manhattan, I still find myself going back here and will continue to.
#REVIEW#Delicious!!! I had the fried calamari yay hit the spot Too good to be true ! The drinks were so good I had the margarita made by a super professional bartender named Johnny ! Perfection ! So happy I came in !
