#NAME#Joe's Pizza
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/joes-pizza-new-york-148?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#One of the best pizzas I've ever had. I love how late Joe's pizza is open till for any late night munchies or for anyone that is jet lagged and craving a bite. It's thin and crispy, so it's not too heavy. I tried:- Supreme (MY FAV)- Special (white and spinach.. thought it was ok)- Pepperoni (ok)- Cheese (not bad) For my next visit, I'd def order 2-3 slices of the Supreme
#REVIEW#First time I waited in line outside for pizza for 30 minutes, service was ok.  Pizza was great for times square.  I had tried a few places for slices and it was usually cold.  Here because it's always so busy new pizzas come and it's warm.While not the best, considering it's by times square, definitely the place I would go if I wanted pizza.
#REVIEW#Joe's pizza was my first NY pizza and it was delicious! I got a pepperoni slice my first time and a margarita pizza the second time. The only reason I am giving this a 3 star rating is because the pizza was a bit chewier the second time I came back. My mouth was sore after I was done eating lol.I did like the pepperoni pizza more than the margarita pizza and if I'm ever back in Times Square I would come back here, despite the long line.Maybe the 3rd time's a charm and the pizza isn't chewy this time
#REVIEW#To me, Joe's Pizza lives up to the hype. Crispy crust, chewy dough, sauce that is juuust zesty enough to be interesting and gooey cheese. The little bit of grease on it lets you know that it is the real deal. Yes, it is a well known place full of tourists but that's because it is good and a quintessential example of NYC pizza. There is not a lot of room to eat but you really should be walking down the street eating a slice like you're John Travolta anyway. Prices are fair and the service is quick!
#REVIEW#Classic NYC pizza. I don't think you can go wrong with Joe's. The lines get long but it's worth the wait. 4 slices and 2 drinks were a little over $20. The walls are adorned with celebrity photos who frequent Joe's. Nice snack while walking around and enjoying the city.
#REVIEW#There are so many different places to pick from but I found myself wanting to come back to Joe's Pizza every time. Their slices are thin and crispy and the cheese just melts in your mouth with flavor. They have a few options to choose from but the all white pizza got me. Even though the line is out the door, it moves pretty quickly. Slices average to be around $4 each. Seating can be limited if it is crowded but there's Times Square just a few blocks away!
#REVIEW#Got a slice of the Fresh Mozz ($4). It was as big as my head!Good overall, however it did not knock my socks off. I can see the appeal with the thin and extremely crispy crust. But it's crispy because it's so dry; eating the edge of the crust that had no sauce was a chore.Fresh mozz looked tantalizing until I realized that it was dry and stringy like regular mozzarella; it wasn't soft and melty as it looked to be.Long line, but it moves fast.
#REVIEW#First pizza we've tried so far in new York & it didn't disappoint! My only sadness is there's hardly any seating & definitely no bathroom. Super small business. It's crowded though & people have pulled over, run In, grabbed a couple slices and hopped back in their cars... So I think that means the locals approve haha They have caprese, white cheese, pepperoni, meat, spinach and more. Pizza ranges from $3-5/slice or you can get a whole pie. The slices are huge & good! Very crunchy thin crust. They have some outdoor seating & a few indoor tables & are worth a try!
#REVIEW#10/10 best pizza in New York and quite possibly the world. My husband hasn't stopped talking about the greasy cheesy pie that we ordered while in New York. Love that they are open super late. I think the location we ordered from was open until 3:00am. We ordered one for delivery and it was well worth the price. You get a big ole pizza for about $20.Grab a slice if you're in the city and you won't regret it.
#REVIEW#We made a late night order via grub hub. Delivery was on time and they fulfilled our request for a side of parm and even added garlic salt and some herbs. Buuut we did ask for them to add a side of marinara with a note that we would pay for it and didn't receive it. Kinda bummed about that but we loved the pizza so much it didn't really matter.  I wish we had pizza like this in Vegas. I could cry thinking about how good the pizza was and how delicious the dough was. We finished the entire pie and could've eaten more. They use high quality cheeses and you can taste that. I'm in love...with Joes pizza! I already want to get more but I'd like to eat in the shop so we may head there tomorrow!
#REVIEW#This is a pretty good slice of pie I had here.  You pick whatever pizza slice you want and wait a few minutes for them to warm it up.  You can see they got their assembly line system to perfection as you see the workers in the back working furiously to bake and pack their pizzas!  The slices range around 3-5 bucks depending on the toppings you want.  The sauce was really good and I love the cheese on top.  Great place for a quick slice of NYC pizza!
#REVIEW#We were in town for a few days and wanted some good NY pizza. We heard great things about Joe's so we decided to stop by for dinner before our show.Although the line was out the door, it moved quickly - these guys are like a machine.  The only part I didn't care for was that if you purchase by the slice you have to choose from the pies that are in the case.  There are 5-6 varieties so it was fine - just not what we usually like.  The slices were very good - we had supreme, pepperoni and also cheese.  The crust was tasty and slightly crunchy.  We were fortunate enough to find seats - there are only about 18 seats - which was a big plus.  If you're looking for genuine NY pizza - Joe's on Broadway and W 40th is the place to go!  But for the lack of choice of types of slices, I would've given 5 stars.
#REVIEW#Great New York style pizza! This location is pretty close to Broadway and Time Square, so it's convenient. But also be prepared for it to be crowded. Luckily, when we arrived a table was opening up so we didn't need to stand and eat. The employees are fast and very hard working. That long line moves extremely fast and you have your pizza slice within minutes. I got the pepperoni and white pizza slices. I liked the pepperoni the best. The white didn't have much flavor until I added the red pepper flakes. Although the cheese on top was great to dip my crust in. Slices are huge and they have plenty of ingredients on top to get flavor in every bite. Definitely a good stop to make for lunch to feel like a true New Yorker.
#REVIEW#So I'm getting some work on my noseAnd my belly, it grows, and it growsI've tried dieting twiceBut I'm into this sliceSo I'd rather get fat than skip Joe'sJoe's Pizza was my first New York Pizza, in that I used to go there all the time when I was a teenager. But to the original location in Greenwich Village, right off 6th Ave. Over the years I realized I didn't love it as much as I first thought, but I've come back to it recently and realized, f***, what was I thinking? It's as good as it was when I was 16 yo.Now they've expanded into Midtown (and to several other parts of Man Hat On) and I'm pretty glad that they did because although they are not the best pizza in Manhattan and nowhere near the best in New York City they are definitely better than 99% of what is available in Midtown, and they're top 5 Midtown slices if not #1 (and they might be #1, they're in contention), and they're top 20 Manhattan slices (easy), but don't bring Queens into the convo or they might slip way down, like I do every time Barbie has oil on and tells me to.So I was pretty delighted to see them around here and I hope that they continue to do well and stay open later and later because their products are good and from the taste of it it, it did not seem like they lost any quality from their original Greenwich Village location - if anything they are even better, and even busier, in this shiny new TSQ location - so kudos to them and I'm giving them five stars. Not even close, hands down, 5.Actually don't put your hands down... you'll drop the damn slice.So listen girls and BROSYou need one of THOSEA slice, I SUPPOSEAnd it must be from JOE'SI really love to POSEAnd Barbie always SHOWSHer boobies and her TOESAnd soon she will at JOE'S!WHAT.
#REVIEW#This pizza slice shop is your classic NY spot. Famous celebrities come here all the time, as you'll see their photos posted on the wall. Peter Parker in Spiderman was featured working here as well.Joe's has really expanded and I couldn't be more happy about it. Now I have an excellent pizza spot in midtown.Joe's Plain plain slice is my go-to. The sauce is sweet and the slices are on the larger side as well. This location is about the same size as the 14th St location, so there is some room to sit down.
#REVIEW#When visiting NYC, finding food can be overwhelming, especially when you want something quick and delicious. Joe's Pizza was the perfect spot to wrap up our quick trip to NYC. We ordered a tomato, basil, mozzarella pie. It was perfectly delicious, I loved the freshness of the basil and the mozzarella tasted so fresh. My uncle and cousin gotta extra slices to go, they were very happy with the onion, mushroom slices.Atmosphere was lovely and lively. We were able to find stool and relax. The employees were lovely, very accommodating and service was quick based on our order.Definitely will have to stop next time I'm in NY :)
#REVIEW#One of my all time favorite pie shops in NY! It's a must-have every time that I'm in the city. The service is always friendly and great. The slices are perfect from hot melted cheese to thin crust to toppings. Every bite has the perfect ratio of crust, sauce, cheese and toppings! I normally get a slice of pepperoni and a slice of fresh mozz. So. Damn. Yummy! Can't wait until my next trip back to NY!
#REVIEW#Believe the hype. Hot, fresh, crisp and delish! The line was long but it moves quickly. Well worth the wait.
#REVIEW#First time I came here, I wasn't super impressed tbh. But came back yesterday and had half a slice of the spinach pizza with my friend and was VERY impressed. I already had dinner made at home so didn't eat anything else, but she also loved the mushroom onion pepperoni pizza she got.Maybe it's sometimes hit or miss, but for the price I'd definitely come here and grab a slice or two if I was ever showing friends around NYC. The line moves super fast!
#REVIEW#Don't give up if you see the line. The line actually move very fast. If you are ordering a box, you can skip the line. Very thin pizza Good price Taste good Large slice The wait is reasonable
