#NAME#Balthazar Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/balthazar-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#A classic French Bistro, a stapled iconic French brasserie restaurant has been here for 2 decades and remains consistently solid! Known for their classic steak frites, brunch & pastries in a classy space with red banquettes.Lovely food, in a bustling streets of SoHo, lots of models walking by this part of town for auditions, movers and shakers, see and be seen crowds.The owner of this restaurant group also owns many others such as Pastis, Cafe Luxembourg, Lucky Strike, the Russian-themed bar and restaurant Pravda, Odeon in Tribeca, and Schiller's Liquor Bar on the Lower East Side and more. All are solid and very successful group, it's a must visit if you are shopping in SoHo or staying by Lower Manhattan! Escargot is a must order! Steak Tartare is really good!Steak Frites is hit or miss.They do offer Bloody Mary virgin! It's actually quite good! Brunch is crazy! Avoid the restroom during lunch! It can be overwhelming so be prepared! If you want to enjoy a nice lunch, this is not a place for you! But if you are hangover, love the crowd, the noise, and elbowing people, and drink some more to get more drink! Come here for brunch! Expect to pay a lot more than most places even midtown, uptown and The Hudson Yards price point!
#REVIEW#I went there with my friend thinking it was the best french restaurant in NYC, but we were really disappointed by the treatment we received from the staff. Incredibly rude people, showing very little respect, taking forever to take our order and to bring the food, not saying "please", "thank you" or any other basic respect vocabulary. We paid $53.87 for a salmon appetizer that wasn't very big or very good. We left a 0.13$ tip to round the bill at $54, and when we left, the waiter got pretty pissed and yelled in the street "was everything ok?!" with sarcasm. Dont go to this place, maybe back in the day it was the best french restaurant in NYC, but they clearly dont hold themselves to the same standards that got them their reputation.
#REVIEW#Had a fantastic Mother's Day brunch in this cool and hip spot in Soho! We grabbed traditional fair (coffee, eggs bene,etc) but I think the dish that stole the show was the avocado toast with poached eggs!! Holy cow was it delish. The folks sitting beside us ordered it so we saw it and had to give it a try. As we finished they leaned over and asked how it was. We gushed. They said they had seen the man on the other side of them order it so it was a complete domino effect! Let me also mention the service, not surprising, is out of this world!!!! Absolutely the best service of my life and I have eaten in a lot of places and been in their shoes too so I'm pretty picky. It didn't hurt that I almost walked directly into Joan Collins - said "oh excuse me" and she scurried out of my way. I did about 4 double takes then quietly and as nonchalantly as I could asked our waitress if it was her and it was!!!!! (Hard to tell when you're next to a bunch of New Yorkers who don't bat an eyelash at royalty!) We hope to be back for dinner one day soon. What a fabulous cherry on our girls weekend in NYC.
#REVIEW#The snails were one of the classics Although the place is bit crowded, it still is so nice to be soaking in SoHo's vibrant environment while enjoying the best of cuisines
#REVIEW#Absolutely love Balthazar...! It's one of my fav go to place  for brunch in the city :) The interior design is very classy and elegant, the atmosphere is intimate and relaxing. Services are always nice tooI prefer their brunch menu over dinner menu.  Their waffle with mix berries is def a treat.  Love the steak n frites also. PS : if you want to be sited right away, please make reservation.
#REVIEW#As far as French bistros go, Balthazar is definitely a known go to. The food didn't disappoint and honestly I would come back over and over just to sample the entirety of the desert menu (their mille feuille & banana creme are top notch). It's good for a group dinner and the ambiance transports you to what I call an Americanized vision of Parisian bistros (cool laid back, aged interior, with just a hint of pretense). What makes me hesitant though is the painful exit my group had to experience. It was like pulling teeth to get the staff to actually bring us our bill. By my calculation a good 30 mins of waving and attempting to catch their attention. When we couldn't hold it, my party finally stood up to approach and verbally ask for check. Alas, that ordeal took a whole other 20 mins. I hope this is just a one off, but until proven otherwise I am on the fence to rate this anything higher than a 3.
#REVIEW#After many trips to NYC, finally was able to snag seats at Balthazar. I walked in solo without a reservation around 4pm on a Friday afternoon right before dinner service and was seated promptly. I would say about half the restaurant was full, and the bar area was packed so if you have a small party and no rezzos perhaps trying off peak hours to grab a bite at this famed French establishment. Since it was just me, I ordered a glass of wine and the steak which was way more than enough food for one person (they are also constantly refilling you with delicious servings of French bread which I love). After a short wait, my steak arrived pipping hot and ready to be devoured. I would say my steak was cooked a tad bit longer than I liked and was on the side of medium rather than medium rare. However the peppercorn sauce was delicious, fries were crunchy and the spinach was heaven (probably my favorite thing on the plate). It may seem like a pricey plate of food ($54) however 1) this is Balthazar, and 2) the piece of steak you're served is a monster and can easily be shared. As a final touch, I was given a glass of champagne that they serve to solo diners. Service was great, quick and friendly. While it is a pain to get a reservation here, if you're lucky and you're able to get in the food is delicious and while its not extremely different than other French NYC staples, it does carry a charm that cannot be found. Can't wait to come back and share more memories.
#REVIEW#Balthazar is super! (pronounced with a French accent) I came here after a bummer of a day, and everything about this restaurant made me instantly happy. It truly does feel like being back in Paris! From the decor to the menu, the Francophile in me was ecstatic, and everything about this restaurant merited the above-average prices. My steak-frites was perfection, the béarnaise sauce was seriously addicting, and I ate all of the French fries (even though there were enough to feed like, three people).I was apprehensive to come here after reading other reviewers' comments about chewy steak and poor service, but we didn't encounter either of these in the slightest! In fact, the service went above and beyond. My fiancé got nauseous (thanks, taxi driver), and our waitress brought over a glass of ice for him. And since I'd mentioned having a gluten allergy while ordering, our waitress came back to check on me after the food arrived to ask if I was feeling okay from everything. Seriously, she was AMAZING. I've never been to a restaurant with better service, ever. And this was without-a-doubt the most authentic steak-frites I've had outside of France! So Balthazar, I love you. And I'll be back whenever I'm next in town.
#REVIEW#The Balthazar has really good food but it's very noisy (noisier than French bistros, cafes and restaurants) and is too pricey in my opinion, although I would recommend for the good food. The bread is very good, fluffy on the inside, crunchy on the outside. The tables are close to each other so you can hear your neighbors' conversations... the waiters are efficient and nice. Got he mushroom risotto, which was delicious, very rich and creamy (Parmesan sauce) but I didn't realize they were bringing the "big version" when I ordered so I had too much, make sure you are clear about what size you're ordering.
#REVIEW#Balthazar is one of those NYC/SoHo staples that is bound to stand the test of time. It's a massive space that makes you feel like you're dining in the Montmartre neighborhood in Paris so that makes me happy. The menu is what you'd expect, French classics. My advice, sit at the bar because you're going to get tip top service and they put out a few free snacking items (olives, eggs, etc.) around happy hour. Although I thought the hard boiled eggs were an odd choice, it was nice to watch people enjoy them. Belly up, grab a martini, make some friends and enjoy the scenery because it's the best part.
#REVIEW#This is a really well known French restaurant so I thought I'd give it a try. The worst thing about this restaurant is that the service is horrible, I came into the restaurant and was given the expectation to wait 20 mins, it ended up being an hour and 10 mins. The servers weren't working with a sense of urgency at all and just brushed me off every time I asked about the progress.The food was not that great either. The escargots were too salty, we got a goat cheese tart, didn't taste like anything special and lastly the mussels and fries didn't have much flavor to it either. The servers weren't attentive and just getting my check took about 15 mins. It was a rowdy restaurant without the nice intimate vibe that French restaurants usually give as well. 2/10 would come back again
#REVIEW#I've been wanting to try this place for a while. Finally made it. It was very loud inside. But the service was excellent and the food phenomenal. We were hoping for seared foie gras but they had a foie gras mousse/pate instead that was really good even though I normally don't care for it. It was the best escargot I have ever had too. A ton of garlic butter and parsley. The onion soup was thick with cheese. We were so full from apps that we hardly made a dent in our dinner. This was a fun place to check out.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch after seeing such rave reviews and with such long waits, it gotta be fucking epic right?! WRONG.Nothing is more disappointing when you think you've waited for amazing AF food only to find yourself eating mediocre food. The service was great though so I guess there's that. My friend had the corn beef hash and I ordered the lobster linguini. My friend thought her food was good but not super delicious as she initially thought it would be. My lobster linguini was ok as well. A bit bland to start and that crunchy green stuff they added on top really threw the whole dish off in my opinion. I honestly felt like I was eating sand particles and it didn't offer an added taste either. I ultimately left more than half my dish behind because it really wasn't amazing and I just couldn't stand wasting calories on something so mediocre in my opinion.I do think people come here for the scenery, the atmosphere or to check off a place that's in their NYC eatery guide. If you want really good food, you're not going to find it here unfortunately.
#REVIEW#Soho classic with a cute authentic French-inspired interior that's definitely worth checking out once in your New York life.Service at the bar is slow, and the food is good but not amazing. Balthazar is an institution, but if you want a meal that will knock your socks off, head elsewhere.
#REVIEW#Anyone who says Balthazar is "the best food they've ever had" is delusional! The atmosphere is great, the service is good, but the food is just plain bland. I ordered the avocado toast with poached eggs and when I received it, it was pleasant to look at. I cut through the poached egg with a runny yolk. But where it all went downhill was when I tried it. BLAND. Very disappointing! The worst part?! $29!!! NOT WORTH ITEveryone at my table said their dishes were under seasoned. And there were 8 people. This says a lot! The bread basket was $24 and not worth the money either. You would think it's the best bread out there if priced so high but don't be deceived.  The bathroom at Balthazar is so sad. For such an expensive restaurant, the bathrooms are crap (pun intended). To say the least, I will not be coming back. Overpriced and under seasoned food.
#REVIEW#Honestly Balthazar seemed a little bit too touristy for my tastes. The food was decent, but between the atmosphere, the slightly rushed service, and the disappointing Escargot, I'd choose a thousand other NYC restaurants over this one. I'd walked by it a bunch of times, and I guess my expectations were a little bit too high. Food breakdown:ESCARGOTS ($21) - eating snails isn't my favorite but ordered just to say I tried it. These were the most disappointing item by far. They were totally stuck in the shell. Like almost GLUED in there. Our waitress had to come over and help us literally bang the shell on the table and use a toothpick to get them out. One just refused to come out, so they had to send us out another from the kitchen. Too much work, I would say pass.GRILLED SPANISH OCTOPUS ($21) - this was phenomenal. Cooked and seasoned to perfection. MUST ORDER.STEAK FRITES ($41) - steak was tasty, fries were addictive. Can't complain, definitely a recommended entree.MOULES FRITES ($28) - my girlfriend ordered this, the white wine sauce was sweet and delicious. Highly recommended.SORBET ($14) - this was just average sorbet. I have no idea why it was so expensive. SERVICE/ATMOSPHERE - service seemed somewhat impersonal. We sat down in a slightly cramped seat and the meal was over in about an hour and ten minutes. I think our waitress was probably a little above average but I'm not rushing to go back.Would give Balthazar a solid 3 stars - good Steak Frites, underwhelming overall experience - don't get the Escargot.
#REVIEW#Came here on a memorial weekend Friday night w couple of friends, it's nice that they were able to accommodate an extra person for our table. They ran out of the oysters that we initially like to order, on a Friday night at 7:30pm?!  Balthazar salad was bland w single small piece of ricotta cheese, I expected Bouillabaisse to be flavorful and exotic but instead it's acidic w much of tomatoes base, barely enough pieces of fishes, a lobster tail and couple pieces of clams in a single serving pot, for $47 and claimed to be dish of the day, I was very disappointed. our severs were friendly and responsive, the space is warmly lit, booth seats are comfty.
#REVIEW#I still really like Balthazar, but I think the prices can be high for what you're getting. Over the past couple of years I feel like the quality hasn't always been top notch, and the service not always as friendly as it could have been.I won't go into much detail on the waitstaff, French waiter jokes and all. But the food is really what I care most about. There have been a few misses, but on my most recent visit the puff pastry with creamy scrambled eggs, mushrooms, and fork-tender asparagus had stale pastry. In some places rock hard, completely inedible. There's no excuse for that in a $22 brunch entree. Everything else was spot on, and that's usually how things go sideways here, everything is almost perfect except for one big component that you can't help but be disappointed in.My bacon was crazy good, their green juice was impossibly smooth and refreshing (if not criminally small for the price). I'm not swearing them off, but I can't still come here and guarantee the people I'm bringing a perfect meal.  Also, if you're going to put oysters on your brunch menu don't scold me when I try to order them at brunch! Humpf.
#REVIEW#Second time eating here so I'm being generous with three stars.  I know it's a busy restaurant but please don't rush me out if I'm spending $300 for two.  Good escargot as an app. We shared a salad too and it was very fresh greens and nice simple dressing. The steak a poivre was cooked to the right temp but the meat was tough and chewy. Spinach seemed over cooked on the side. We also had Bronzino and it was simply boring and uninspired.  Service is very good at Balthazar's.  Might give it a try for lunch when I know it will be quick or late night dinner when they aren't just trying to turn tables quickly.
#REVIEW#Such a cool hotspot. Went to Balthazar for breakfast before leaving to head back to LA. I'm sure glad I made a reservation in advance or the wait time would have been ridiculous. This place was packed. We had to wait about 10 min or so before we were sat. I wanted a corner booth table but was told that it was reserved for someone else. Needless to say, NO ONE ever came to sit at that table, so the hostess seemingly lied to us so that we didn't sit there. That was annoying to me.Our waitress was not the best. She was very lax and didn't seem like she wanted to be at work that day. The food was great, however. I got the French toast with applewood smoked bacon and my man got the avocado toast with poached eggs, almond croissant and sausage. Very delish. We will most likely go back for the food and ambience alone. Will just have to hope for better service the next time around.
