#NAME#Izakaya MEW
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/izakaya-mew-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tapas,sushi,izakaya#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Izakaya MEW:What we order: 1. Salmon teriyaki2. Kimchi cream udon3. Spicy soft shell crab roll4. Eel avocado roll5. Matcha Warabimochi with sesame ice cream
#REVIEW#Probably an unpopular opinion, but I found the food here largely mediocre.  We ordered approximately 10 dishes to share.  Not a single item stood out as exceptional.  Did I dislike any dish? No. But would I endure a 45 minute wait to eat here?  Most definitely not.  I'm glad I came here given the hype, but unlikely to come back anytime soon.
#REVIEW#My fiancé and I continue to eat at Izakaya MEW for their kimchi udon, despite the frequent long lines and waiting. Luckily, they recently started using Yelp for reservations, which is more efficient and allows you to: "get in line" from the comfort of your home, view your ETA and see how many parties are in front of you in real-time.We love this place so much that even before the Yelp reservations, we would wait an hour and a half to be seated.In terms of the food, the kimchi udon is our favorite, but we've liked pretty much everything else that we tried from the menu. The only reason that I docked one star is because we both agreed that the food used to taste a lot better; but we feel quality slightly decreased. It still doesn't stop us from going, but we'll never get over the old taste!
#REVIEW#We almost missed it. So be aware: it's in the "basement", you take the stairs down between the two Korean restaurants. We had three entrees. Everything was very fresh and tasty. The only problem I have is that one is the three entrees came later.Sake, recommends by the hostess was nice as well. Fairly priced. Instead of desert we had edamame :) We will be back.
#REVIEW#I went to Mew with my boyfriend one night after work. We were able to get on the waitlist early through the Yelp app, and thanks to this feature, we were able to be seated right upon arrival.We decided to split a bottle of wine and some items off the menu. We got a bottle of pinot noir ($24) and we split the shishito peppers ($4.95), omu soba ($12.95), and a sexy roll ($10.95). Unfortunately, the roll was the only enjoyable part of our meal. The shishito peppers were a bit sour and the omu soba (which was one of the popular highlights on the menu) really didn't impress me. The noodles were greasy, and the sauce & bonito flakes were way too heavy & overwhelming for my liking. I've had Mew bookmarked for quite some time due to the hype on Yelp, but I would not return or recommend.
#REVIEW#Packed so Yelp reservation is recommended. They called fast so I got missed once when I was late. We ordered seven dishes plus a kiwi cocktail which was just meh. We liked the chicken karaage, oden Small was plenty for us YUM, gomae blanch spinach was excellent, the yakitori sampler was meh with the pork belly best, salmon aburi nigiri was meh but the sushi mew roll reminded us of Vancouver salmon aburi but son don't like it. The highlight was the creamy kimchee udon noodles!! Nice server.
#REVIEW#Izakaya Mew is a nice little spot to eat with friends or maybe to bring someone on a date. There isn't a ramp, but stairs to go downstairs. The wait is usually long, so I would recommend to hang out by the bar.The staff is really nice and always smiling. It was a great experience with the staff. I do want to point out that it's usually busy, so they won't be able to constantly check up on your table, but when they're there to help. They will focus all their attention towards your table and answer any question you have.We ordered there yellowtail carpaccio, beef tataki, kare age, kimchi cream udon, mew special roll and omu soba. The yellow tail and mew special roll is a must. I highly recommend it, but I would say their beek tataki was alright. The sauce helps it better, but would still give it a 5/10. Their chicken kare age was really good and juicy. If you had to decide between kimchi udon and omu soba, I would recommend the kimchi cream udon. I personally thought the omu soba was a bit too sweet.Overall I had a pleasant experience and would go back.
#REVIEW#Overhyped, bland, kiddy sized dishes.I can't believe some of these reviewers+The MEW special roll was pretty good like the reviews mentioned.Takoyaki was decentService was super fast and foods came out quickly... which was too quick...-Tacos were tiiiiny, see chopstick comparison for scale.Miso Ramen was bland, noodles were over cooked, and so was the egg.Frozen Beer is good for pictures and cool factor but watered down, tasteless.Kimchee Creamy Pasta is heavy. Not a lot of kimchi flavor but more on the creamy pasta side Not worth the price or the wait.
#REVIEW#This place is SUPER popular, so don't be a fool like me and reserve your spot in line ON YELP instead of at the restaurant. I waited about 45 mins to get seated, but honestly was worth the wait. I've never seen a kimchi udon anywhere else, and lemme tell ya, IT'S AMAZING. It is super creamy like a pasta and with the Udon its SUPER smooth! It is also not too spicy, so if you don't do spice (like me), it's do-able!I've also never seen an omusoba, usually it's omurice, so it was interesting to try it, but I think I'll stick with the rice version. But will DEF come back for the kimchi udon!The location from the street was a little hard to find, and the sign is small. From the front door it leads downstairs.
#REVIEW#Food: 3.75 out of 5Service: 5 out of 5PRO TIP: Join the wait list on Yelp before coming!!There was a wait when we arrived at 8 PM on a Monday night. It would have been wise for us to join the wait list on Yelp before heading there, but after a long day of work, I didn't think about it at all. The wait wasn't too bad though. My friend and I only waited for about 30 minutes or so. Food:My friend and I ordered the Kimchi Udon, Sashimi Don, and the Tuna Tartare Roll. The Kimchi Udon was AMAZING. I loved everything about it. It is exactly the same taste as the Kimchi noodles I love and adore back in LA Ktown. The reason I knocked off a few stars on my rating was more because of the sushi/sashimi. The sushi/sashimi was "okay" at best. The roll was also very small. Taste wise, I felt like there was way too much teriyaki sauce on everything. The teriyaki was extremely overpowering, yet I could still taste a slight fishiness. Drinks: Being a tourist, I ordered the Frozen Beer for its novelty. It was very pretty to look at, but a challenge to drink. I had to get through the frozen foam before you getting to the beer. Taste-wise, it wasn't bad. Being a slow drinker, I like that the frozen part kept my beer cold for very long. This is one of those things you order for the novelty more than anything. The drinks weren't too pricey, but they were pretty small. The photos in the menu versus reality took me by surprise.
#REVIEW#This place is delicious and reasonably priced compared to many restaurants in NYC! I ordered the omu soba and the kimchi cream udon. Both of those were great and were both around $10-14. The omu soba pretty much tasted like okonomiyaki and the kimchi cream udon was rich and creamy with a nice amount of kimchi - not too overwhelming. Those were the main dishes I tried but everything looked so good on the menu. Will definitely be coming back!Also, take advantage of the yelp waitlist that you can join ahead of time as wait times are pretty long!
#REVIEW#Really cool sushi place! I'm glad I read the reviews before going because that's how I found it! The restaurant sign is very small and since it is in a basement I can see why so many people miss it! I put my name on the list before I got there and I'm so glad I did because it gets packed. It actually stay packed since we got there until we left! Because it is really good.We were there for Sushi so we ordered the volcano, Philadelphia, the mew roll and the dynamite. The dynamite was spicy but it was the best one! If you love cream cheese, the Philadelphia has a lot of it. What I really liked about this place was the fact that they all help each other. We had one person sitting ya down, another one took our order, someone else brought our food and then someone else took our check. Is like a little family, they were all communicating with each other and it made the service really pleasant. Very nice place and really good sushi!
#REVIEW#This place is super popular hence a very very long line. Don't forget to join the wait list on yelp so you don't have to wait long, unless if you're coming with a party of 6 or more and want to be seated in one table, then you have to be there to be in the list.All the food taste EXCELLENT! I especially love the kimchi udon. The creamy of the udon is just right and not too spicy for those who doesn't eat spicy. The takoyaki balls are the best I've had as far as I can remember. The soft shell crab sushi is great as well! I'm definitely coming back to have more
#REVIEW#Really good yakitori and tapas style food. Fun vibes with blasting music downstairs that makes it a fun spot to hang out, drink, and eat with friends. The food is reasonably priced and the portions are quite large. Was unable to finish noodles + yakitori for myself.Overall, great staff, great experience, and delicious food that won't brea the bank.
#REVIEW#The wait has always been super long here but I always have such an amazing experience that keeps me coming back for more. I'm so happy they're on yelp waitlist now since I can virtually wait on line and minimize my wait there. Always check how long the wait is and how long it will take you to get there so you can check in before they can take the next person after you.The food here isn't perfect but I love the basic, woody, and loud atmosphere that can be perfect for hanging out with your parents, going on a date, or catching up with a friend. If you're looking for food recommendations, definitely try the creamy kimchi udon and the mew roll that I get every single time I'm here.
#REVIEW#Never heard of this place until a friend brought me here and this restaurant DID NOT DISAPPOINT.The dishes were absolutely DELICIOUS and mouth watering. My friend and I ordered the Kimchi Cream Udon, Maki Maki Roll, Uni Beef Nigiri, and Mixed Sashimi with Ramen. The Uni Beef Nigiri was the first thing that came to the table and my friend and I devoured it so quickly because it was THAT GOOD. The Maki Maki Roll was also yummy. Nothing crazy special about it but still tasted really good. As for the Mixed Sashimi with ramen, it wasn't the best. We finished the sashimi but left the most ramen uneaten. I believe my friend wanted the sashimi with yaki soba noddles but I think they didn't have it for that day anymore. Definitely not our favorite dish. The Kimichi Cream Udon was my favorite, which in my opinion, thought it tastes absolutely delicious. The taste was so authentic and I couldn't stop eating it even though I was full from the other dishes. Service was amazing! Servers were super friendly and attentive in making sure we were satisfied with our food and asking if we wanted to order anything else.My friend and I got there at around 6pm on a Sunday. Expecting there to be a wait, my friend and I were both quite surprised when we got seated immediately with no wait. However, not long after we sat down and ordered our food, the restaurant was soon packed and there were people waiting to get seated. We got pretty lucky to get seated as soon as we arrived! The ambiance was also nice and the vibe was chill. It does get loud because it's not that big of a place and conversations overlap each other. I absolutely fell in love with this restaurant and will DEFINITELY come back again to try all the other delicious food on the menu!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday night with two friends for a chill night out. My friend strongly recommended this place as she loved the food there and she was right! We got the following: Kimchi Cream Udon, Omu Soba, Uni Beef Nigiri, Buta Miso Itame, and Soft Shell Crab Roll. My two friends also got the Frozen Beer and Ozeki Amazake (none for me since I don't drink). I pretty much loved everything we got, minus the Buta Miso Utame! The Kimchi Cream Udon was very creamy and delicious and the udon was cooked perfectly! The Omu Soba was also very good - noodles and egg both cooked nicely and heavy on seasoning but still delicious. That night also marked the first time I tried Uni, and it was so good! The uni, beef, and rice were definitely a great combo both texture and flavor wise, so would highly recommend this dish! I've definitely been converted to the uni fam haha. I also really liked the Soft Shell Crab Roll as it reminded me of the same rolls I would get in Japan. Definitely very authentic. As mentioned, I wasn't too huge of a fan of the Buta Miso Itame. Although cooked well, there was a lot of sauce (too much in my opinion), and the sauce was also too sweet for my taste. So I'm knocking off a star for that. Otherwise, this is a solid place for a great izakaya experience! Would definitely recommend coming here!
#REVIEW#Two words for my experience here: absolutely delicious. I went here with my husband and three friends and we ordered about 10-12 of the small dishes and shared in a family style type way. We ordered the aged tofu, hamachi, seaweed salad, chicken skewers, japanese fried chicken, salmon tacos, peppers, gyoza, a few of the sashimi dishes and a large bottle is saki. Everything was so freaking savory and satisfying. This was my second time here...the first time we got some udon, which was good, but I would definitely go for the smaller, shareable dishes because there are so many unique flavors and dishes to try.Tip: it gets busy and they dont take reservations...I'd suggest adding yourself to the Yelp Waitlist prior to going to avoid some of the wait time. We waited about an hour for a table.
#REVIEW#I wanted sushi so I decided to take my friend here around ~5p. when they open for dinner. And also come here early if you want their happy hour (5-6p.) The place was was packed shortly after we arrive. I've been here before and on both visits everything was good (service, food, and atmosphere). I was slightly disappointed that they didn't have their uni sushi (one of the top reason I wanted to come here). Aburi Tuna Nigiri ($11.95)- 3.5/5 I liked all the ingredients on the tuna but I'm not a fan of lean tuna. It was bearable cause it was seared, but even then I wished they seared it a little more or used fatty tuna. Volcano Roll ($12.95)-4/5 I pretty much order volcano roll at every sushi restaurant, cause you can never go wrong. All deep fried rolls are delicious to me. Yaki Cheese Potato ($8.95)- 3.5/5 This was like dairy overload for me since it was fries with cheese and yuzu mayo sauce. Overall, it was decent but I had to eat the entire dish myself since my friend wasn't interested and I think it was overkill. Probably could have done fine without this dish.
#REVIEW#The wait here is crazy and this place is super super packed. Service is good and quick. Kiwi shochu drink is light and so so addictive! Geso karaage: fried to perfection. Still light and great. Chicken nanban: get it. The end. Kimchi udon: delicious! It's a generous portion. Very creamy and I enjoyed it. Salmon tartare tacos: good! The taco fried portion I think could be thinner since it overwhelmed the salmon for me. Yakitori sampler set: the belly and thigh was good. I think they could have given more shishito peppers. The chicken breast was a bit dry. Tuna tartare bomb: it came highly recommend. It's good, but not my favorite. Philly roll: tried it on a whim. I still think cream cheese is a big sushi no no. Special mew roll: also highly recommended. I'd pass.
