#NAME#Cafe D'Alsace
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-d-alsace-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,breakfast_brunch,desserts#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Not enough good things to say.  This is our romantic, reliable go-to spot in the 'hood. I would travel across the city to ear here.  The room is romantic and pretty.  It feel like Paris in New York - really!  They have good Prix-Fix deals, but even à la carte, nothing is overpriced and everything is consistently great.  The big deal is the Steak Frites of course but the muscles and fries are a treat as is pretty much everything else on the menu.  Lunch time is great too.  They have a large outdoor patio area in the warmer months though I prefer the inside.  Weekend brunch is always busy.  We've celebrated birthday's, anniversary's valentines, family get together s and had business lunches here.  Everybody always loves it.  The service is stellar and they have a dedicated sommelier there in the evening.  The wine list is good and there are some good deals at all prices.  If you have room don't skip the desert.  I love that it's a NY cool 'grown up' place.  You won't have to contend with attitudey hipster waiters, and screaming drunk millennial's.  All and all a great well run delicious boite in the'hood.
#REVIEW#I want to like this place more than I can. Great patio, but the food is average and the service is below average. Food was burnt and service was pretty reactive rather than proactive. I mentioned the burnt food but still paid full price for it. So many other places to visit in the neighborhood. Also not sure why this comes up as good for kids. It's really not!
#REVIEW#This place was such a pleasant surprise! The location is super nice and simple, but with Alsatian vibes throughout, as well as a really attentive and nice staff. Not only do they have daily specials and a really nice menu - they even have a fixed price menu every day at 50$, that will get you an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert! Can't beat that, especially if you wanna try a few different things (which is exactly what we did). We started with steak tartare, a tarte, and one of their homemade sausages with sauerkraut. Every single dish was oh so delicious. The steak tartare was really well seasoned and served with toasted slices of baguette and a small salad. Perfect. The tarte flambé - which was basically a flatbread, was topped with fresh veggies and cheese. And my oh my was it scrumptious. The sausage was definitely homemade and super flavorful. We then went onto the entrees, our choices were the risotto with morels and asparagus (which is seasonal), the steak frites - that btw comes with bone marrow, and the chicken with mashed potatoes and veggies. Once again, none of the items disappointed us. The steak was very nicely cooked and flavorful, the fries weren't the best ever but were pretty good nevertheless. The chicken was nice and juicy, very nicely cooked indeed. We were already pretty full, but you can't leave without dessert, right? The Creme brûlée was simple but nicely prepared, and served with a small Madeleine. The red berries crumble was fresh and cleansed our palates with the right amount of tartness and sweetness. The piece de resistance was without a doubt the profiteroles - perfect choux pastry filled with ice cream as well as homemade whipped cream, and topped with a delicious dark chocolate sauce. Absolutely heavenly. I will go back without a doubt and I recommend you to make your way to the UES for this really good gem.
#REVIEW#Yum! Came here for brunch with a friend and loved it. The wait wasn't terrible - we probably waited for about 15 minutes for a table. Space is a bit tight though, we were seated quite close together to the point where the tables next to us could hear everything we were saying. I ran into the guy who was sitting at the table next to us in the bathroom sink area and all he kept telling me was to travel while I still can before "this" happens (he held up a baby bottle and formula as he said "this"). Seems like parenthood struck him a bit sooner than he expected.Anyway, back to the real review: food was delicious. I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict and loved it. All of the pieces tasted good: smoked salmon, poached egg, Hollandaise sauce and the egg muffin to soak up the egg yolk and sauce. Yum! The side salad was tasty too. My friend ordered the omelette and really enjoyed it too.Staff was very friendly as well - they were very accommodating and didn't rush us at all. I would definitely come back here again!
#REVIEW#Still have no idea why this place is so popular. "It ain't the food" that's for sure. But the servers and atmosphere are cool. Food is still "Meh." I've tried various dishes. The only one I like is the cheeseboard. Oh, and you still can't get Budweiser, Coors, or Miller beers. Why a business would not stock the largest selling beers in the country is beyond me.
#REVIEW#Cafe D'alsace:A very popular brunch spot in upper east!Recommendation: Crepe Souffle. (Passionfruit sauce with pancake is really good.)
#REVIEW#Wow delicious Although I found it funny that they charged $$ for a glass of fresh orange juice that they purchased from Fairway Market.
#REVIEW#This place is such a warm and cozy cafe. It was super packed on a Thursday night- which is a good sign. I tried the meat and cheese plate and I was shocked it was a huge portion and there were pickles, olives, pearl onions, cheese and ham. For the entree I tried the scallop and the steak fries. oh my goodness the scallop was amazing it had truffle oil on it and it really accentuated the dish. It was also accompanied with chopped brussel sprouts and bacon. The steak fries had a beautiful presentation with the bone marrow. The meat was tender and the fries were so crispy and addicting, I couldn't stop eating them. For dessert, I had to get the profiteroles. Chocolate and icecream is always a good idea. Overall, I really love this place and could see myself coming back here again.
#REVIEW#This place is perfect. The croque madame and ham and mushroom croissant are both amazing. Decent portion salads comes on the side. Service is great. The most successful brunch pick so far.
#REVIEW#I think this place is overrated. Maybe I'm missing something, I'm not sure. I think the food is mediocre at best. We got a shak Shula and spinach omelette. Although both dishes look delicious, I was underwhelmed. I always like to see if places live up to the hype, and quiet honestly this place was a flop. We also got a chocolate croissant (good but nothing to rave about) and Vietnamese coffee which was alright. I wouldn't come back here.. especially because the shak Shuka at mellow yellow is not too far away and AMAZING.
#REVIEW#Solid, but not nothing special French brunch spot in the UES. My brother got the shakshuka, which he enjoyed but found to be an Americanized version heavy in cheese and light in sauce. My mom ordered the smoked salmon duo with country bread, which she said was great. I ordered the chocolate croissant--yummy and served warm but I've had better in the city. We also shared the Belgian hot chocolate, which was large and made with real chocolate (vs. powder)--a plus but nothing special.Overall, if you are in the area and looking for somewhere to brunch, this is a decent option.
#REVIEW#This is a cute brunch spot with outdoor seating during the summer - a great option for a small gathering or people watching right off of Central Park. While the coffee was not the greatest I've had and they did not offer me a bread basket like they did other tables, the menu features a good selection of French/Alsatian style options. The menu pricing is definitely a bit above-average for the type of food. I ended up going with the Croque Madame, which was made with artisan bread slices and came with a nice side salad. I also ordered a side of fries and they were pretty good! The Croque Madame was tasty, though a bit over-cooked such that the sides were burned and the cheese/bread portion became very chewy - in a way that is ideal if you want a good jaw muscle workout. After I asked several staff members, one finally gave me a bread basket. Contrary to expectation, the breads in the basket were a bit dry. For the price point, I was disappointed by the quality of the food (especially since I've been in Alsace many times and the food there is much better and cheaper), but overall, it was a beautiful day and I enjoyed having brunch outside - this is definitely a good spot for that!
#REVIEW#I came to this cafe for some French brunch and wasn't disappointed. They serve a variety of typical brunch items and a variety of French and Vietnamese classics. Portions are generous, but so is the price you're paying. The restaurant is bustling with petite chairs and tables packed closely together. It "felt" European. Service was great. You might have to queue up during prime brunch time. OrderedVietnamese ice coffee - very good. Very sweet. Would get again, but perhaps let the ice melt a bit. Ham cheese sandwich - gruyere cheese, fries, salad. Very heart. Soufflé crepe - passion fruit, very fluffy. Not what I expected, but a fun dish.
#REVIEW#Shakshuka!***Locals Great place for Sunday brunch! There is a line, but they would take your name down and call you when ready.***Travelers This area of Upper East Side has many small restaurants and a neighborhood of many families and young professionals! A little closer to Central Park and you get many main chain stores to check out.***My Recommendation The free bread they provide is so delicious, we got thirds! The Shakshuka and most of their brunch food is delicious. Their beverages get expensive, but the decent prices of the food balance out.IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch on a Saturday. The wait was not incredibly long, but they were very, very busy. It's a small spot, and the layout feels awkward. Definitely on the louder side, but not loud enough to hinder a conversation. Food and latte was very good. Very interesting menu with a lot of variety.
#REVIEW#First time coming here with my husband and our waiter was very nice. I ordered french toast, egg benedict and shakshuka. I was very impressed with the food here it was so delicious. Especially the french toast! I've never had french toast that is so soft and buttery! I really love the shakshuka too with the sausage on top. Definitely, should try out this brunch spot!
#REVIEW#Super cute cafe on the upper east side. Tried this place for the first time on a freezing winter day and instantly fell in love with the Belgian hot chocolate! The waiter was very helpful when discussing the menu and had awesome recommendations. Definitely will be back!!Must Order:-French Toast-Croque Madame -Belgian Hot Chocolate-Profiteroles
#REVIEW#Came here with my family - 8 of us & a baby - and enjoyed it. Food and service was good.I ordered the omelette Lorraine and shared the French toast with someone. The omelette was really nice with the bacon tho potatoes were ok. I thought the French toast was a little too soft but still good. The free bread topped with almonds is SO good! The drinks are a little pricey so we got coffee somewhere else.
#REVIEW#Love Cafe D'Alsace for both brunch and dinner! Some of the best French Onion soup I've ever had.  The inside is cute and the bar is very aesthetically pleasing. The waiters are always really nice. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
#REVIEW#We were just couple of streets away so I yelped best brunch places and this place looked interesting .. As a big fan of brunches, my husband and I were immediately seated (luckily) as the whole place looked buzzing.. I ordered a Lychee Bellini and my husband ordered the D'Alsace drink (Peach Bellini I suppose) which was really yum!! My husband really loves french toasts we have had couple of amazing ones but we were really disappointed with the Brioche french toast here .. I got an order of eggs benny with smoked salmon, it was pretty good .. the bread basket had some lovely flaky bread topped with toasted almonds, (very similar to 'Mallorca' bread we tried in Puerto Rico (must try)) which was the best part of the brunch !!
