#NAME#Beyond Sushi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/beyond-sushi-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegan,sushi,kosher#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Sunny Side: Black rice, braised fennel, sun dried tomato & avocado, topped with butternut squash & almond pesto⁣So many flavors & textures! The butternut squash is sweet & the pesto is a perfect addition. The fennel brings a nice crunch & the tomato a nice tangy-ness!⁣⁣Sweet Tree: Four grain rice, avocado, roasted sweet potato, topped with alfalfa sprouts & toasted cayenne⁣This roll literally tastes like a spicy tuna roll!!⁣⁣Chic pea: Black rice, roasted eggplant, artichoke and English cucumber, topped with saffron chickpea pureé and sumac with a tahini & lemon saffron sauce⁣ @Ohubbz says it reminds him of an egg, it's super unique & is just as delicious as it sounds! ⁣⁣ Fun-Guy Dumpling This dumpling has a delicious kick to it! filled with mushrooms & topped with shiitake truffle! ⁣⁣Rosemary Garlic Bread ⁣This bread is so full of flavor & crunchy & SO ADDICTING!!!! It's served in this adorable flower pot & the inside is so soft & pulls apart- perfect for dipping in this @BeyondMeat "beef" stew hummus dip! ⁣⁣Garlic Ravioli⁣This was an EPIC main entree! SO WORTH IT So delicious & creamy⁣⁣Cinnamon Rolls for dessert had us wanting ANOTHA ONE!!!
#REVIEW#I was a little underwhelmed with the atmosphere and service. Our server didn't seem enthusiastic about our being there, the girl who walked the food out looked downright annoyed by everything and everyone. The food was fine. You can serve anything if you too it with a flavorful sauce. I'd rather find both nutrition and flavor in my food. Not nutrition with a topping of flavor. I'm also just not a fan of condiments. Had the mushroom pot stickers. I forgot which roll my husband is eating but he dropped every piece in soy sauce so I imagine there wasn't much flavor on his roll either.
#REVIEW#Want to try sushi for the first time- go to Beyond sushi(bet you will fall in love with Sushi)Want to have the most delicious sushi in NYC- beyond sushiWant good service and variety of sushi- beyond sushi This is my favorite sushi place in NYC. This was my  first time in beyond sushi, so the waiter gave bunch of suggestions which all turned out to be amazing .Recommendations : Mango tang(Must have)                                  : badge dumplings                                 :sunny side rolls
#REVIEW#This was my first time at this location, a lot fancier than their others and with a much more expansive menu. We started with the cashew pate- it comes with 4 different pates with rosemary chips which was loved all around! 4 different unique flavors for each bite of chip. Next up were the seasonal dumplings paired with some knockout sauce and a nice panko crunch. We rounded off the meal with 3 rolls, Favocado, chickpea and another seasonal flavor. I've tried all the rolls for lunch before and you can't go wrong with any of the rolls!
#REVIEW#I've heard about Beyond Sushi from the west coast and I was excited to finally try it in NY. We got the Badge dumplings, spicy mango roll, and the pickle me roll. I loved everything we got and it was a great add on that the rolls each came with a sauce specific to it. The spicy mango roll came with a cayenne sauce and the pickle me had a carrot ginger, they both tied the flavors together. I think Beyond Sushi is a great fast casual vegan sushi spot for the price point and I can't wait til they expand to LA!
#REVIEW#My gf took me to this place while I was visiting NewYork. I had never been a sushi fan but this place completely changed it for me. I visit this place on every NewYork trip now, it's kind of a go-to stop for me and my gf. We've tried almost all types of sushi and spicy man is one of our favorites. I'd definitely recommend it. The dumplings are good too. I wish they had one in Silicon Valley.
#REVIEW#I've been to this branch of Beyond Sushi 5 times now. I live in upstate NY so it's definitely not a convenience for me. I've been to various vegan restaurants all over NY and Beyond Sushi is in the top 5 for me. I've found that a lot of vegan places have really greasy food, or they try to recreate meat dishes with meat substitutes. Beyond Sushi is creative, has nutritious and healthy options, has exceptional flavor combinations, and a wide variety of plant-based options. I've never been disappointed by anything I've eaten or drank. There are new options on my menu / seasonal menu every time I go, albeit my visits are very spread out. My go to dishes are the spicy mang roll, chili mushroom soup and fun-guy dumplings. I've had several seasonal rolls which I definitely wish I could have again. I've brought several of my friends and members of my family to this Beyond Sushi branch. I highly recommend Beyond Sushi, especially if you're vegan but even if you're not.
#REVIEW#10/10 best vegan sushi ever! I tried Beyond Sushi a year ago at Chelsea Market and fell in love. My dad and I shared their sweet tree, la fiesta and spicy mang rolls along with their coconut curry soup and fun-guy dumplings. Everything was incredible. The rolls were paired with delicious sauces, which made each bite an adventure! The spicy mang was easily my favorite. I just visited this location for lunch. I ordered the spicy mang (duh) and the mighty mushroom rolls. They were both absolutely delicious. I loved the umami flavor from the mushrooms and the sweet/spicy flavor from the spicy mang. Both are truly an experience. My friend and I then shared their Chef's Cookie for dessert. It was a skillet cookie filled with peanut butter and caramel and topped with black salt and lemon curd. It. Was. So. Good. Skillet cookies are one of my favorite desserts and this one did not disappoint. It was soft, warm and comforting. I would go back for the cookie alone! I ordered a green machine roll to take home and it was pretty tasty. I've never had almond pesto. Beyond Sushi, you have my heart and I can't wait to come back!
#REVIEW#This is second time I've visited this location and it's the only Beyond Sushi restaurant that takes reservations and has table service.  It's also a little pricier than the other locations, but it's worth it for the atmosphere you get.  The restaurant is huge compare to the tiny hole in the walls of their others.I previous had the Taro chips with Guac and was impressed with the crispiness of the chips and quality of the guac.  I had the Mighty Mushroom and Spicy Mang sushi and liked both very much.This time around, I decided to try the Crispy confit potatoes and was not impressed.  Crispy should not be in the title let alone as the first word.  It just tasted like baked potatoes with some non-descript sauce on it.I had to get the Mighty mushroom again since it stuck in my head how good it was and still impressed.  I tried a different sushi La Fiesta recommended by the waiter and like the ingredients in it.  Unfortunately I wasn't wowed by the combination.  There's a small piece of jalapeno that gave you a kick at the end eating it. I would have liked it more if it was hot throughout the sushi.  The watermelon lemonade was very weak tasting.  I literally forgot it was lemonade.All in all, it's a worthy place for vegans and non vegans.  Just a bit pricey for me for what you get.
#REVIEW#I was very impressed with Beyond Sushi!! I'm not vegan, but I love vegan restaurants and was admittedly curious about how they would do vegan sushi. I love vegetable rolls a lot and in my experience a lot of vegan places go above and beyond in making their food delicious so I was excited to give this a try.I had the coffee roasted kabocha and it was delicious!! It was more filling than I had anticipated with tons of flavors that all went well together. The pumpkin was perfectly roasted too. I wish this was a permanent menu item since I would love to come back for it again and again.I also tried a sweet tree sushi roll. There was a little too much sauce on it for my taste, but otherwise it was very delicious. The roll was also a bit more filling than I had expected. I'd come back for it again, and try some of their other rolls, but if you are like me and like minimal sauce I'd ask for it on the side.The decor was very trendy and modern, everything looked very clean. Stephanie was amazing and very helpful in her recommendations! They also have wine, beer, sake, and cocktails. It's nice to have options other than just sake and beer along with sushi.Bonus points for being open Sunday evenings when almost nothing else in the area is.Edit: I came back again and tried the daily special, which were seitan skewers with tahini and onion. It was absolutely delicious. Like the coffee roasted kabocha, I wish this was a permanent item on the menu! And I confirmed that the sweet tree roll with sauce on the side is the way to go if you only like a tiny bit of sauce on your roll.
#REVIEW#Update: Still our fav restaurant, we are Beyond Sushi addicts. Still amazing service, everyone is genuinely happy to work there. Good options for abottle of wine starts at $30. Can't wait for the owner/chef new place Amba to open after trying it at Vegfest!!!
#REVIEW#Excellent food, not only for nonmeat/seafood loversI was intrigued by the idea of vegan sushi and they did a great job making it distinct and savory (beyond just cut up veggies). They have a sufficient number of interesting sushi rolls and seasonal roll/dumplings. We really liked the mushroom medley roll. We also ordered the Sunnyside roll and the curry coconut ramen (not huge especially if you are sharing and definitely left me wanting the traditional ramen with fatty pork). When I come back, I will probably stick with the rolls and dumplings. For two people with regular appetites, you probably need to order at least three rolls and an appetizer...the pieces of the rolls aren't huge.I was surprised by the number of people at this location and there was a little wait on a Friday evening at 7pm. This also led to a but slower service to place your order. But once you actually order, the food comes out pretty quickly. Must return!
#REVIEW#The atmosphere and service were wonderful... The food was amazing! Can't believe I didn't come through before today. Now one of my new favs!
#REVIEW#First of all - dinner menu all day - meaning not just sushi/noodles, but real appetizers and entrees. First of, dips are amazing! Not too oily and portion size is big enough! Add the taro root chips!!! For entrees, we have the cauliflower with lentils (the sauce is amazing and way better than nix or abcv!!!!!), and the hazelnut turnip (you can see all the ingredients! Very clean and healthy). Dessert is always the Tahini ice cream. I also really like the black bean sweet potatoes brownies. I think this place is so much better in taste than abcv/nix (maybe fancier for these two). Definitely don't confuse this store with other stores with limited casual sushi/dumplings/noodles offering.
#REVIEW#I have been waiting for sooooooooo long to try this place. Being from out of state sucks sometimes. Even last time I visited I forgot to come here so I made it a point to come this time.Restaursnt was clean and spacious. Even though a lot of the seating is clustered. I understand wanting to fit as many tables and seats as possible.I called and made a reservation to be safe. Got there and was seated promptly. Small table for two if you order a lot of food. Not a lot of space.I ordered the scorched broccoli and cauliflower. Also along with the mango sushi roll. My cousin got the seasonal dumplings and the ravioli entree. The sushi was good, didn't taste the mango too much. Sauce gave it a better flavor. The sushi just came out tooooooo fast. None of our dishes came out together. It was quite odd. If you serve food this was the server should let you know it comes out as soon as possible. The schorced cauliflower was my app and came as my entree. The sushi was my entree and came out in less than 2 mins which makes me think its pre rolled already?The cauliflower was cooked perfect. The broccoli was not however. It was under cooked. So I was using my cousins sauce that came with the ravioli to dip the broccoli in to make it more edible. The bussee came by without asking my cousin or me if he was done with his plate and just took it away and bussed it.........So now that the sauce was gone. I had to stop eating the main dish. Kind of upsetting but hopefully next time it goes more smooth. Thank you for having us. It was still a memorable experience.
#REVIEW#I watched the founder of Beyond Sushi seeking capital on Shark Tank, for the purpose of expanding his locations to the West Coast. When he explained the concept of vegan sushi, I was skeptical until the Sharks tried his rolls - and raved about them (and of course, he walked away with a deal). Today, I recruited a group of 5 non-vegans and we had a sit down lunch at the 37th street location. We ordered dumplings, taro chips with guacamole, an eggplant dip, and five different sushi rolls - all gorgeously rolled in purple rice (see pictures). The aolis on top of each piece were distinctively unique, and completed the flavor combinations of each roll. I may be biased (huge mushroom fan), but the mushroom roll was PERFECT. I'm ready to seamless this everyday until I'm sick of it. The service was great, ambience bright and airy (you just FEEL healthier dining there), and the food was incredibly filling. The cherry on top is that the restaurant played 90s throwbacks the whole time we were there - I was singing to the likes of Whitney Houston and *NSYNC in between bites.
#REVIEW#I took BS up on a $25 bonus offer on a $75 gift certificate purchase a few months back and just recently got around to redeeming it. And boy was it fun ordering $100 worth of vegan sushi and more! I think I got through 2/3 of the menu and ate for a few days, so the value is definitely there. The rolls are great, but equally standout were the dumplings and rice paper rolls (more substantial than they look!). Awesome ingredient quality and beautiful presentation even on carryout. A+
#REVIEW#Amazing amazing amazing! Came here for a quick bite last weekend before meeting up with friends and instead of rushing like we had planned, we took our dear ol' time + ordering more was an absolute MUST. 1. The ambiance is just right, upbeat enough to have happy vibes but chill enough to not feel the rush of restaurant vibe when it's busy. 2. The flavor, savory, creamy, everything was cooked to perfection + you can tell that the chef loves what they do bc it shows in their cooking.3. Lastly, the prices. To be quite honest if it's expensive but DELICIOUS- people swallow the price bc it's WORTH it! Nothing is worst than paying an insane amount for shitty food. Welllll this place not only is good on the wallet but great in your tummy.Will be bringing alllllll my friends here!hats off to the chef + everyone else putting in incredible dedication and energy at beyond sushi
#REVIEW#I was really excited to try this spot after all the success they have had expanding and getting a deal on shark tank. I remember going to the tiny location on 14th when they first opened before they went fully vegan. The entire experience was pretty disappointing. Our server was new and didn't know the menu or what was gluten-free. My guest and I ordered the items that seemed safe. I had to send my miso soup back because it was unbearably salty. We got the mushroom roll which had old mushrooms and wet seaweed, so wet that the rice fell off of it. My Pickle Me roll had the same issue. I went to use the restroom and the soap labeled Mrs. Meyers honeysuckle scent (my favorite!) was actually filled with a cheap liquid soap. I felt like it was symbolic of the entire experience. We left all the other dishes untouched minus a bite of each roll. The waiter didn't inquire and he seemed scared to talk to us about it. We left a 20% tip because the tipping system is terrible anyway. But being that Beyond Sushi is now heavily backed and funded, I expected better quality ingredients, servers, and prices.
#REVIEW#I seriously ed this place!! Ambiance- really modern, clean, and spacious. Well let. Very earthy vibe. Tables were small and well spaced out.Very friendly waitress! She told us her favorites and the most popular items on the menu. Took our order on iPad, which was modern. Quick service which I appreciated. The sushi rolls were to DIE FOR!! As a vegan I appreciated the variety of options available (though it was so hard to pick one!!) I ended up going with the Spicy Mang. YAS QWEEN! So many flavors, sweet & savory & spicy. I could have eaten 300 more of them (each rolls comes with 8 pieces). My mom got the monster veggie roll which has chopped edamame at the top & pesto. More savory, equally as delish. We also got the taro chips & guac which were incredible. For 2 people the bill ended up coming to ~$35, which isn't bad for a lunch in Midtown. Will definitely be coming back if I'm in the area... and you should too (vegans and non vegans alike!)
