#NAME#Luke's Lobster FiDi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lukes-lobster-fidi-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came here for a quick lunch right when they opened at 11am (punctual!). Ordered and paid, grabbed drinks from a self-serve fridge (interesting selection). Our food came quite soon after we sat down. Hassle free and good meal.Lobster roll was on delicious bread with generous chunks of fresh, sweet meat. sauce was very light (the way I like it), couldn't really taste the mayo, just butter. Lobster bisque was tasty with big pieces of lobster meat.It's a small shop, but there was no crowd at opening time so I can't comment on busier times/ limited seating.
#REVIEW#Cuisine: 8Service: 7Decor: 7Value: 8Overall: 8Butter and herb/spice blend rather than mayo, that is the secret to the success of this chain of seafood shacks that specializes in lobster rolls. However, it's in the details, like the soft pillowy buttered brioche bread and perfectly cooked lobster that takes this experience to another level.Compared to most lobster rolls, this is just a much lighter and cleaner tasting. The pure flavors of lobster shines through without being masked by any real sauce. We all know that butter is the best accompaniment for any crustacean, so that's what Luke's gave us.On this day, we had ordered catering from them, one giant box of mini lobster rolls and another box of mini crab rolls. They are like "crave case" from White Castles but carrying more precious contents. Not to be outdone, the crab rolls are equally as pure and delicious. Also, it traveled really well, losing almost nothing except the warmth of the bread.If you prefer mayo in your lobster roll, go to Pearl Oyster Bar.  On the other hand, a light refreshing version is what you prefer, then go to Luke's. Have it for lunch, a quick snack, or yummy dinner, have it anytime and it'll always be fantastic.
#REVIEW#My review may be an anomaly, but wish I could get my money back.  I got a lobster grilled cheese.  They were not generous with the lobster (three minuscule pieces on each half).  Essentially, I paid for a grilled cheese. I had the blueberry lemonade.  It was not sweet at all so if you wanted that lemonade feel - this drink is a no.   Ate half of the sandwich. Tossed it.  Barely drank the lemonade.(It's not on the menu - but if you ask, they will make it).
#REVIEW#Came here for some take out food. I'm not a huge fan of lobster, so I had the crab roll and the side of clam chowder. The clam chowder was AMAZING. Very flavorful and not salty. It was kind of small, but I was surprised that after I finished drinking it, I was full without even eating my jumbo crab roll. The jumbo crab roll was a bit small, I thought. Imagine a regular hot dog roll, but buttered and HEAPING with crab meat (I got the jumbo after all). The crab was definitely fresh, but I think it could use just a bit more seasoning. The bread was good, but nothing to call home about. Overall, a pretty good crab roll. They apparently have happy hour also. But just note that this place is pretty small. So I'm not sure how packed it gets at that time. It was pretty packed at lunch time. Seems like a good deal though if you can make it for happy hour.
#REVIEW#Yummmm my first time and loved it! I love the buttery toasty bread that it uses. We got the trio and I think that's the best option! I like the shrimps and lobster the most!! Crab was alright because it was not as flavorful. Just somehow....soggy and crabby. It's good but not as good as the other two! Our order man was very friendly. It was during happy hour but we ordered to go so didn't take advantage of that.
#REVIEW#The very nice place !!! The lobster , shrimp, crab rolls the best I've ever had ! Very good service.  Thank you for amazing dinner!
#REVIEW#These rolls were just amazing! We tried all 3 flavors and by a small edge we like the crab roll the best, but the lobster and shrimp were a close second.
#REVIEW#Amazing lobster!  People complain that it's expensive, but we're not talking about ground beef.  Lobster isn't supposed to be cheap (and it's not that expensive here).   We went for the happy hour special and it was awesome!
#REVIEW#found this place because we were walking down the area to look at Wall St area and the Statue of Liberty. small and simple place. very friendly staffs! warm greetings and he made sure we have our menu and everything else. tried the lobster roll, crab roll, lobster bisque, and clam chowderfor both rolls the breads were awesome! perfectly toasted, super soft but still have superb crispness on the outside. both rolls were generously stuffed. huge, satisfying chunks of lobster..  we really enjoyed it. crab was very delicious too but I personally prefer lobster roll just because it's more fleshy. clam chowder was creamy and good, but really strong clam flavor. i prefer the lobster bisque than the clam chowder to be honest
#REVIEW#Wow, amazing food! I chose the trio- shrimp, crab, lobster with a side of lobster bisque. Everything came out quickly and was very fresh and delicious. Eating here made me realize how much filler was in the other times I had lobster roll and lobster bisque :( I will definitely come here again. I also had their blueberry soda from Maine, so good! The cashier was very upbeat and friendly as and even offered me a pickle! Tip: dip your sandwich in the lobster bisque, yum!
#REVIEW#Was looking for somewhere local and while searching I found Luke's. It's a small shop along the way, close to a hub of other restaurants and shops. Because it's small, space is limited for those who want to sit down, but lucky for me, we came right before the major lunch rush. The we ordered the lobster roll, white truffle lobster roll, and Luke's trio with a clam chowder. The amount of seafood you get to bread ratio is really good. My top two favorite is the white truffle lobster roll and the crab roll. The white truffle lobster has more flavor than the regular lobster roll and the crab roll has so much crab, it's definitely worth it. For its price, it's a little bit pricey if you're on a budget. But for a now and then "treat yo self" to something a bit fancy, I would definitely recommend Luke's.
#REVIEW#I told my boyfriend I liked the lobster roll more than him. I told him I was joking, but hmmm was I? We were in the Financial District and this was the #1 recommended spot in the area so we decided to give it a try. Upon entering, we were welcomed by a nice, friendly worker who would later on, personally deliver our orders. We both had the Lobster Roll ($17) although I actually wish I had Luke's Trio instead just so I am able to sample all 3 lobster, crab, and shrimp. Either way, the lobster roll was absolutely delicious! The roll was unfortunately tiny but I could definitely see the craftsmanship in it with the fresh lobster, buttered bread, seasoning, and dash of that lemon. Even though the roll was expensive, it's fresh seafood and it was filling! They also offer free water inside the drinks fridge. I definitely recommend this place if you have the money to splurge or just want to try some quick quality seafood!
#REVIEW#After visiting near the Statue of Liberty, we found Luke's to indulge in some Lobster! The service was prompt and all staff were polite. It is a smaller space maybe 20 people maximum, but wasn't too crowded when we were there. My boyfriend ordered a lobster roll ($16) and I ordered the lobster grilled cheese ($13). We shared an order of Large Lobster Corn Chowder ($10). Overall, it was very tasty! The lobster roll looked larger in pictures than in real life and without the side of soup, my boyfriend would have left hungry. I left full and he left satisfied. I was satisfied with how much lobster was in my grilled cheese and would recommend it! The soup was a great addition on a chilly day, plus I loved dipping my grilled cheese into it!
#REVIEW#My friend and I checked out Luke's Lobster around 1:30pm on a Friday.  Like many FiDi restaurants, Luke's is more of a grab-and-go place, but there is seating for about 6-7 small parties.  When we arrived, it was full.  However, one of the workers told us the turnaround was quick, and we were able to get seats within 5 minutes of getting our food.My friend got the lobster roll combo #2 ($25) which came with soup and a drink.  I got the lobster grilled cheese (seasonal-winter)($13) with a small side of soup ($7).  We both got clam chowder for the soup.  This is a simple, no frills chowder that could have been Progresso's.  There was no distinct briny/fresh taste of the clams and there was nothing distinctive about the ingredients.  The lobster roll is tiny and fits in a 5 in x 7 in serving tray.  My friend and I both thought the lobster was tasty, and we also prefer the simplicity of the roll and that it's not slathered with mayo.  I would recommend the grilled cheese over the roll since it's more filling.Keeping in mind that the food is sourced from Maine, it's in the FiDi, and it's lobster, I can see why the price might be steeper than normal.  However, I'm not willing to shell out $25 for a meal that isn't filling.  To me, Luke's is overpriced across the board.  The clam chowder is actually the biggest rip off though, since a can of supermarket clam chowder is comparable and goes for half the price.  If you must try a lobster roll, I would recommend getting it without the combo ($19 alone) and plan to fill up on other food elsewhere.
#REVIEW#The lobster roll is amazing especially with a great Cuban cigar now the lobster tail is on the small side but great food. Another thing I had a few shells on my lobster meat that's about it.
#REVIEW#Amazing!! Lobster was fresh. Roll was soft. Went with the blueberry lemonade which was a nice touch as well. Wish I would've went with a jumbo roll. 5 stars for this little hidden gem.
#REVIEW#It was kinda late and my family and I was looking for a place to rest and eat something, somewhere. And I didn't know that Crystal, my little sister led us to this place called Luke's Lobster. I was so down to try their famous lobster rolls, so we decided to eat here!Crystal ordered 3 lobster rolls, 2 shrimp rolls, poppy slaw, and a side of salad. I had the lobster roll and it tasted really good!!! The girl who took my little sister's order gave her some clam chowder to try, I guess. That was real nice of her. Her and another guy who worked there was also friendly! I love it when the workers are pleasant! If I ever visit New York, again. I'll gladly drop by for lunch or dinner or just a small small snack.
#REVIEW#Yet another great Yelp find. After checking in at the hotel, I was looking for something to eat. Luke's was only a couple of blocks away.I arrived late in the afternoon, so there were only a few people inside.  It's a  neat and clean place. The staff was friendly and helpful. Since it was my first visit, I had a question or two. A somewhat small area with a few small tables along the wall and a couple of seats at the countertop looking outside the front of the place. You place your order towards the back from a small and easy to read menu. I had a cup of clam chowder and Luke's Trio. The Trio allowed me to taste a slightly smaller version of each roll. The menu has only three types of rolls; Maine Lobster, Jonah Crab, and North Atlantic Shrimp.All the rolls were delicious. They are not drenched in mayo and veggies. According to Luke's menu, they rolls are a quarter pound of seafood, melted lemon butter,  mayo (very little, I barely tasted it or saw it), and their "secret" seasoning. The lobster was my favorite, it was pure lobster with just enough seasoning to help bring out the freshness of the lobster.  The crab was light and sweet.  The shrimp could have used a little more lemon to help cut the freshness of the shrimp. The Atlantic shrimp are not as sweet and the fresh Gulf shrimp that I'm used to in Texas. The clam chowder was gratifying, it definitely holds its own against the other clam chowders I've had on the East coast.Looking forward to going back the next time I'm in NYC.
#REVIEW#Fast and casual restaurant with amazing food!We had the lobster roll, the clam chowder, and the lobster bisque. The food was fresh and did not take long to prepare. The bread was delicious as well as the lobster.
#REVIEW#Um no.Totally overpriced food for incredibly small portions.  Zero stars.Guy working the register was pleasant.  One star for that.
