#NAME#Mamoun's Falafel
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/mamouns-falafel-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mideastern,falafel#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Mamoun's.... Mamoun's Falafel *mouth waters*It was a rainy Sunday in NYC and I just got back from running errands, didn't feel like cooking, and I didn't feel like spending more than $10 on a meal because I will add, I'm on a college student budget. I checked yelp and thank the algorithmic gods, Mamoun's was being recommended to me.Where has falafel been all my life?! I had falafel once prior to tasting it at Mamoun's. I didn't like it at all and I was a bit hesitant on trying it again for a second time, but after reading reviews a lot of people recommended the falafel sandwich. And now here I am recommending you the falafel sandwich :-)I got convinced to order the falafel sandwich (I didn't add anything to it because I don't like pickles or pickled olives) and it was only $6!!! I enjoyed the heck out of that sandwich and the sauce that comes with it omg bombbb.I came back a second time a couple days later and decided to try the Mcdougal sandwich which has Shawarma and falafel... ehhh not a big fan. I ended up taking out the Shawarma and making it into a falafel sandwich. Once I was done eating my sandwich I was like, this place deserves a review and here I am. In conclusion, try the falafel sandwich!!!
#REVIEW#Despite the rave reviews, my group was disappointed by our meal. We all got the shawarma plate which was quite soggy and the meat seemed drier than I was expecting. I do like that it came with a lot of salad. Usually when I get plates like these, there is barely any veggies but I definitely felt healthy eating this meal. Our group didn't realize this but there's not much seating inside. There's maybe 5ish bar seats, so it's very much a take out joint. Luckily the park is just a few steps away!
#REVIEW#There's very little I can say here that hasn't already been said before. Mamoun's is iconic. They make a great Falafel among other things and if you're in New York, you owe it to yourself to grab a bite here and eat it while leisurely spending an afternoon at the nearby Washington Square Park. The only thing I wasn't super impressed by was their Baklava. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special. I'm still not docking points because they have a Falafel so great that it's worth checking this place out for that alone. Oh, and they're cash only so don't forget to have some $$ on you.
#REVIEW#Very small hole in the wall place.  Inside it's tiny tiny with only about 5 hog chairs against walls for seating. There's also two small benches outside for additional seating.  The place is kinda dark. Prices are cheap by Greenwich Village standards. I ordered the chicken kabob gyro. It was quick and good.  Don't come here and expect to be seated and having any service at all though.
#REVIEW#Visiting from LA and Mamoun's made it on my list. I decided to get the Falafel Sandwich and it was warm and freshly made. It's small enough to where you aren't stuffed after it, so you can even possibly enjoy 2. If you like spicy, then you should definitely ask for the spicy sauce and they will give you a small amount. **Warning- the spicy sauce is SUPER spicy, so use wisely.** Take your food and walk over to Washington Square Park and enjoy your food while people watching.Service: They were super nice and were accommodating.ONLY CASH!!Would I go back? 100% yes, food is beyond delicious and service was amazing.
#REVIEW#Cash only, small shack with less than half a dozen stools at a counter. The gents behind the counter are hustling! I ordered a falafel sandwich for $4.50 flat. The falafel itself was a great consistency, tahini was delish, but the pita was lacking. It's a good spot for a quick nosh, but it didn't do wonders for me.
#REVIEW#Mamoun's Falafel is a small, convenientfast food restaurant. I had come out the Islamic center looking for food and found Mamoun's Falafel vía yelp. The food is excellent and delicious. I just feel for a veggie platter costing 9 dollars they should add more than 3 falafels. I also feel the customer service should be more courteous and in a better mood. If I greet you, say hello back instead of asking what I want. I even said thanks and the guy looked at me like he's deaf. Beside that I love the place because it has amazing food. The  babaganush and hummus was so tasty and fresh. The falafel was cooked on point and tasted delicious. If anyone is around the west 4 district go check it out.
#REVIEW#*Cash only!*This highly praised falafel shop lived up to its hype! You can't go wrong with the shawarma sandwich, a classic choice that is stuffed full with perfectly seared, juicy lamb. The flavorful falafel is a must-try as well. Both are sure to complete your brief Mediterranean food adventure in the West Village!This shop has limited seating/space, so be prepared to walk and eat!
#REVIEW#Hands down one of the best falafel places that I have ever been to on my life. Mamoun's is able to really nail the hole in the wall vibe. Not expecting much, you walk in to a very small and cramped place but are greeted by excited employees who will slap together your order quicker than you can name it. Where this place really shines is their shawarma and falafel. Never have I had a juicer or more tender meat, I can say with great pride that I inhaled my order in a matter of minutes. Being that they're open until 4am makes it even more of a reason to stop by.
#REVIEW#Great that you can simply buy a side of these amazing little gems, 2.75 for 3 or 4 and enjoy while you walk through the park. Red sauce is crazy hot, beware !
#REVIEW#This place is cash only (or was when we visitors) and we did not have any cash! We felt bad after ordering and then realizing, yet they gave them to us for free. Not only that, but it was very very tasty. Great people and good food.
#REVIEW#Have you ever had that feeling that you've been somewhere before and the longer you're there the more you realize that, in fact, you have been? Well that was me at Mamoun's recently. I had completely forgot that I was here nearly 5 years prior. It was early in my Yelping days, I was basically a Yelp puppy and wasn't really keeping the best track of where I was or what I was doing. Ahh, the simply living in the moment days, but I digress. I knew a friend brought me to a great falafel shawarma place a while back, but never remembered the name. I can now say that it was definitely Mamoun's.Their Lamb Shawarma and Falafel are fantastic, but what may have impressed me most was their hot sauce. I take great pride in my tolerance for all things spicy. With the exception of an insane pepper in Peru, I'm pretty much undefeated everywhere else. At Mamoun's though I met my match. Actually, it's not my match at all, it defeated me and for that it and Mamoun's have my full respect. That spicy sauce is like fire in a bottle. Amir, who is awesome and was working here when we visited told me how they use a certain Moroccan pepper that's super spicy, but also has flavor.No question now I'll remember having been here as it's high on my list to return to when next in NYC.
#REVIEW#I started eating here at Mamoun's Falafel in the early 80's when I was a club Doorman and living the fun night life...This place was open late which meant after the clubs closed you could go to Mamoun's and enjoy a nice early morning snack...The 2 places everyone would go to was this spot and Wo-Hop on Mott St..This place is small but the atmosphere was excellent...My favorite always and still is the falafal platter...with the pita bread.....I still come here and when I enter the older memories just start to flow..As crowded as it was the counter guys were always quick and friendly...I have to admit I do go to the Mamoun's Falafel on St Marks too,but this is the original and where I started loving this kind of food!!!Kudo's!!!
#REVIEW#Ordered falafel pita to go. Got called "falafel pita" and so I took it to go. Well, I didn't get any falafels in my pita. Just diced tomatoes, lettuce and overload of hummus. No photo bc it was so messy I had to throw half of it away. Didn't know they could get an order wrong for their most renown item.Bottom line: check your order before you go even if it means unwrapping the whole thing.
#REVIEW#I have been going to Mamoun's since birth I imagine. Growing up vegan in NYC I was very lucky my parents knew all of the great spots to get our bellies full of great food.The falafels "sandwiches" here have all of the right components. The falafels themselves are always a good size, spiced well and the texture is just right, not too crunchy and never doughy. They come in a pita with a salad of sorts and white sauce which they must make with secret ingredients. It tastes like tahini but with a little extra something tasty. And don't forget the hot sauce!!! It is the best. I always buy a bottle to take home to put on my sad homemade falafels. It is spicy, and brings a happy tear to my eye as I eat. Oh! Don't let me forget to mention the lentil soup is magnificent, savory and flavory.The ambiance of Mamoun's is such that you should borrow someone's stoop across the street and people watch while you eat. The location itself is almost comically tiny. You can squeeze up in there and take one of the seats offered or eat at the counter if the line isn't ridiculously long. If you do decide to eat in house, this is not a place for lollygagging. Get in and get out so the next person can do the same.I don't have the pleasure of living in the great state of New York anymore but when I come to see my family, it is always on my list of must eat!!!
#REVIEW#My friend introduced me to Mamoun's Falafel. It's quite small and I missed it and walked past it the first time. But service is really fast and the food is inexpensive! The falafel sandwich tasted great! However, you'll probably get hungry fast with just one sandwich. My friend and I each got a sandwich and split a slice of artichoke pizza, which worked out pretty well. I recommend the combination of pizza and the sandwich.
#REVIEW#Based on the photos I wish I could have indulged in more, but we were on a food tour so we simply tried the famous falafel along with tahini sauce. I'm not a falafel consoeur by any means but, a good falafel is: packed with flavor, lightly fried with a thin breading, moist, and with a smooth inside (aka minimal whole chickpeas). And this, was all of those and more! Packed with a bright green punch this was arguably the freshest falafel I've had and the flavor did not disappoint. If you're looking for some fresh and delicious Mediterranean food this is definitely the little hole in the wall you've been looking for.
#REVIEW#For a good gyro at pretty much any time this place is perfect. it's in the heart of the village and surrounded by culture. It's a very traditional middle-eastern hole in the wall spot that makes your food sooo fast and it's pretty affordable. it's cash only, like all the other places around. they're open late and serve good food! what else could you ask for?!
#REVIEW#Falafel is SO good with the hummus and tabouleh as a sandwich. I love that the wrap isn't thick.   The hot sauce is actually hot, not just flavorful.Remember it's cash only!!
#REVIEW#I have honestly tried liking the falafel here, but it just doesn't cut if for me. I don't get why the falafels are somewhat sour? I prefer the Taim falafels. But these guys get an additional star for the hot sauce and the baklava, both are delicious.
