#NAME#Los Mariscos
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/los-mariscos-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,tacos#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#This is literally my all-time favorite place for tacos in the city. Do get the aguachiles if you like spicy, don't go during happy hour/early dinner hours unless you're trying to wait because the space is limited. And DEFINITELY try everything at least once on the menu because everything is a hit. Service is fast, drinks are just right and the price is within reason for NYC. I understand your street tacos in Cali or Queens, shoot even in NJ, are $2 a pop but this isn't what we're talking about here. This is QUALITY and AUTHENTIC deliciousness. Don't do yourself the disservice of being a price snob.
#REVIEW#SO good. A friend brought me here just a couple nights ago. In Chelsea market, you go into this little "secret" hallway, which is really fun. I tried their shrimp ceviche, which seems pretty small at first, but was actually pretty filling! I suggest this gem to everyone who can admire well crafted authentic Mexican tacos.(also, I'd load up on hot sauce and then grab a glass of Horchata from Los Tacos No. 1 next door)
#REVIEW#Being a Mexican from LA and close to Baja California, we have a spot for bomb tacos everywhere. Now in NYC, there are Mexican restaurants around but how many of them are up to par to the authentic tacos from Baja California? Well, Los Mariscos is!A friend brought me here because I'm a tough critic when it comes to Mexican food in NYC because I am Mexican lol. I ordered two tacos, a fish and shrimp taco, with everything on it. The fish one blew my mind. I will think about it when I'm back home because these fish tacos have become my number one. Out of 5 stars, I give the shrimp taco a 3.Get the fish tacos, do it! With just two tacos, it's pretty filling, and your girl (me) can eat!I came here on a Monday evening and it was a bit crowded, we ate standing up. My friend told me that it gets more crowded at night and on weekends, obviously... cuz NYC... But in conclusion, the fish tacos from this place is approved from a LA native Mexican, woooo!
#REVIEW#We came for a casual weekday dinner bite on a night when the weather was nice and we wanted to go for a walk.  It was around 7:30 pm and the place was completely packed.  There was no where to sit, the line to get food was incredibly long and it was overall just not a pleasant experience.When we finally got our food and drinks, we were able to snag 2 of the high top seats to enjoy our food.  The tacos were overall very good and well executed, and generally not that expensive.  The guacamole was good but the portion size very small.  They also have bags of chips all around the tables, which i found disgusting - you have no idea whose hands had previously been rummaging around in there.The drinks were very good, though $12 for a Clamato (which I didn't realize is what they call it here instead of a Michelada, which here is only lime juice) seemed like a lot.Overall, the food was good, but when you combine that with the loud environment (many many people signing and swaying very loudly to the music), and the difficulty in finding a place to sit to actually eat, I don't know that I'd come back at actual dining times.
#REVIEW#These are the best fish tacos I've ever tasted!! I tried the fish taco and shrimp taco - they were so authentic and delicious! This is a small taco place inside chelsea market with counter service (one counter for food, another counter for the bar). The service is fast and friendly. You just sit wherever you can find a seat. We were lucky to get a couple of seats at the bar on a Friday after work. Along with the food we had a frozen margarita which was also unbelievably good! This is casual, canteen/counter style. Don't go if you want a fancy, sit down meal. Do go if you want to stop in for a couple of amazing tacos and margaritas!
#REVIEW#Personally my favorite place to eat at when I am around the Chelsea Market area. Though not as nicely displayed as other Chelsea Market restaurants this place beats them in terms of service.Los Mariscos specialty is fish/seafood based Mexican fare. They offer tacos, ceviches and soups most of which you can get with fish, shrimp or spicey-shrimp. The quality of them all is impressive. The tortillas are great and the seafood is fresh. Personally I prefer the shrimp but I was surprised how well cooked and hot the fish tacos were. Haven't had the soups yet but have been thinking of trying those.What impresses me about Los Mariscos compared to the many other restaurants around Chelsea are the "extra" things you can get here. For example across the whole restaurant you can freely get chips to add to your meal. It's a great way to fill yourself up if your still not full. Along with the chips you can get some great house made hot sauces. Personally I really love the peanut based hot sauce they offer near the kitchen window since its not super hot and has a nice subtle flavor. These small things make the difference (at least for me) when deciding what restaurant to visit in such a competitive area.Describing this place as a "hole in the wall" is pretty accurate. Though technically "in" the Chelsea Market building you can't get to it from the internal walk-way. Instead you have to find Los Mariscos on the buildings outside.  Inside the area can feel like a cave in terms in lighting and it feels quite crowded. It never seems like there are that many seats... but I haven't had a major problem with having to sit down after ordering. There are plenty of "standing" tables and there are even places to eat at the window to the kitchen.I found this place originally by accident and was being a bit more adventurous when I went inside. What I found is now a personal favorite for the area. I highly recommend checking this place out for the atmosphere and quality.
#REVIEW#Omg! The fish taco  was so good!  Like Mexico but better!  It was packed here... the lady with the tortilla press (yes fresh soft but slightly firm tortillas) are soooooo goooood!  I posted up st the raw and bar counter (the have full liquor license) and waited for my taco.... so worth the wait!  The staff super friendly... the cashier girl was super sweet and when asked what was her favorite, she said fish taco, that all she orders herself!  And while waiting, the bar staff asked if he could be of assistance, I told him I was waiting for my taco order number 69.  When my order came up but the shout caller, he immediately pointed to me, grabbed my food and placed it in my hand!  For a super casual dining place, the service is Uber nice!!!!
#REVIEW#The shrimp Tacos are the bomb! Drinks are good too, a little pricey, but I guess normal for Manhattan. Everything is good here not mention it's not as crowded as Los Tacos No 1. The best thing is to get the al pastor from No 1 then order the shrimp taco and eat it here, more tables, plus cocktails!
#REVIEW#This place is located on the side of Chelsea market.  It was jumping like a night club on Saturday evening around 7:15pm.  The place is super small and has limited seating.  They call your number out which is on the bottom of the receipt but it was hard as hell to hear your number considering the noise level in the restaurant.  We ordered 1 spicy shrimp taco, 1 shrimp taco, and 2 fish tacos.  The tacos are LIFE.  They were so good I was still talking about them the next day.  I loved them but this spot was just too crowded and too little for my enjoyment.
#REVIEW#I've finally got to cross this place of my list! I've visited twice and the food just gets better and better. The place is a true hidden gem. They have a few stools and three picnic tables. The turnover is pretty quick so people are in and out most of the time. If you find a seat grab it, and then order your food. It is true authentic Mexican food with PHENOMENAL seafood tacos. I ordered the fish, shrimp and spicy shrimp tacos and all were delicious but my favorite was their fish taco. They also have drinks we got Coronas and our friends got margaritas which they commented were really good and strong. The ambiance is nice with low music playing, and the service is attentive. I'll definitely be back and it is my new go to when I'm in the mood for some seafood comfort food. If you happen to be in the area, stop by you won't regret it.
#REVIEW#Note: Do not compare to Los Tacos No.1. You can't compare the two because Los Tacos No.1 does meat tacos whereas Los Mariscos does seafood tacos.Service here is great! Place is kind of hidden in Chelsea Market, so not too many people coming in when we went. It's also nice to watch them make the tortillas right as you order them. Truly fresh. The fish tacos were fantastic. If they ask what toppings, make sure you get everything on top. Downright everything about the taco was amazing. The fish was perfectly fried and juicy, the tortilla was great, and the toppings were fantastic. With a nice squeeze of lime, this mouthwatering taco is completed. Highly recommended to those coming through the area. Would not want to miss out on these tacos.
#REVIEW#Easily the best seafood tacos I have ever had. Excellent quality, fair price. The ceviche was fresh and vibrant . The fish tacos were amazing - tender and flaky with a crispy batter. The tortillas are made in-house and the seafood is cooked in small batches.
#REVIEW#I love tacos and Mexico and Baja California! Los Mariscos is basically going to a taco shop in Baja minus the plane ticket. Tacos--cheap, delicious with fresh tortillas. Sauce bar--has 3 sauces, delicious. Free chips. Cocktails--the mezcal marg and Paloma have mi corazon. But the absolute best thing about this spot is during soccer season, they have a projector, the spot is packed, and it's full of camaraderie and life.
#REVIEW#Just like Los Tacos No 1 this place is freaking amazing! The fish tacos are so damn good and the shrimp tacos too.Highly recommended!
#REVIEW#Great food. We had some tacos a ceviche and tried the Mezcal margaritas and the micheladas. The drinks were so good. Perfectly boozy and fresh ingredients. It was almost like west coast Mexican food in the east coast which I've missed since moving here. Not quite but closest I've had lol. Location wise it's a little hidden away. We accidentally found it and wouldn't have noticed it if we hadn't been looking for a restroom honestly. And it's a little dark feels more like a bar. Which it kinda was lol.They have tostadas which you can eat with your meal which was kinda nice. Service was really quick. Food is on one side bar in another but k think you can order most things at both things at one registers.Will definitely come back on my trips up north to NY.
#REVIEW#TL;DR: Excellent fish tacos at a fantastic price.As much as I love Los Tacos No. 1, this spot wins for best fish / seafood tacos in NYC.Beyond the fish tacos, this cozy spot has a variety of seafood dishes and Mexican drinks. Feeling adventurous?! Try the spicy mezcal margarita to go along with your ceviche for an explosion of flavors in your mouth.You can get to Los Mariscos through a "hidden" staircase near Los Tacos or from outside Chelsea Market.
#REVIEW#Okay I've been to No 1 Tacos pretty much every trip to NYC....I wish I would've know about this hidden gem all those times. The fish taco is  soooo yummy. Some of the best I have had. And the homemade corn tortilla makes all the difference. Don't waste your time on the shrimp taco tho...it's all about the fish!
#REVIEW#I've been a fan of Los Tacos No. 1 for a while. Yesterday I decided to check out their slightly hidden sister restaurant Los Mariscos. I was surprised to find the spot pretty busy even though it's location is off the beaten path (down a hallway adjacent to Los Tacos No. 1). They have a few tables while Los Tacos No. 1 does not. They also have a bar. I'm definitely going to come back with friends for tacos and drinks. Ordered:Fish taco ($3.50)- they make the fish tacos with a type of white fish I was not familiar with called basa. It has a mild flavor and Los Mariscos serves it lightly fried but it doesn't taste too greasy. The fish comes on a homemade corn tortilla topped with shredded cabbage, sour cream and pico de gallo. It was one of the best fish tacos I've had- made with fresh ingredients and prepared well.
#REVIEW#Los Mariscos is easily one of my go-to spots in New York. I come from Southern California where authentic Mexican food is a staple cuisine. From traveling across the U.S., I've noticed real authentic Mexican food is hard to come by. Chain restaurants like El Toritos is (respectfully) an abomination in my opinion. Additionally, I am extremely particular with my Mexican food. Once you've had the real deal, it's hard to revert back to anything else. Los Mariscos reminds me home and there are days where I crave the ceviche when in California. The especial ceviche is to die for with a michelada. 10/10 would come back.
#REVIEW#Los Mariscos has the most satiating ceviche in town and it's hella cheap. What a perfect summer treat. I ordered the fish taco and shrimp ceviche. I was so full after eating! The fish on the fish taco is surprisingly light. It instantly falls apart in your mouth, so delicious! And the shrimp ceviche is served on top of a crispy, crunchy tortilla thing. It is so light and refreshing. Definitely try all of the hot sauces on the table. I was a fan of the red sauce in the little jar and the peanut hot sauce is so fragrant and flavorful. I haven't seen anything like it elsewhere. If you're craving lots of ceviche, you can get a full glass of it. They also have tasty margs and the micheladas look really good, too. Los Mariscos was packed when I was there, but the tables turnover pretty quickly. I can't wait to go again!
