#NAME#88 Lan Zhou Handmade Noodle
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/88-lan-zhou-handmade-noodle-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,noodles#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Feed. Me. Dumplings. That's all I think when I go to Chinatown. And somehow I always end up here. These dumplings are so well seasoned. I like the classic boiled but at this price you might as well get an order of each. The beef noodles are excellent. The hand pulled noodles had a nice pull to them that just gets me every time. So dang delicious. I could eat this everyday. Thank goodness I don't. I would never leave. If you have a small order make sure to bring cash. Also pro tip: order some dumps for takeout at home. They make the perfect Netflix snack. Mmmm
#REVIEW#Food tasted ok. Service was meh. The restaurant was pretty dirty as well. Thanks for the food poisoning , thanks for ruining my weekend.Never again.
#REVIEW#I usually only write reviews for places I actually enjoyed and I HONESTLY thought I would like this place better, but sadly I did not enjoy the food here. It was alright. - Location: The location is great for someone who's visiting NYC for the first time. Initially, we were heading to Great NY Noodle Town, but realized they only take cash when we got there so we used the Maps app to walk over to Lan Zhou and it was easy to find. - Atmosphere: The ambiance is that of a a typical Chinese restaurant and because we came after the lunch rush and before dinner it was not that busy which I liked. - Service: The service was above sub-par. Our server offered me suggestions when I had questions and worked quickly and efficiently. (She was nice unlike the gentleman at Great NY Noodle Town but that's for a separate review.)- FOOD: We got the Fried Pork Dumplings as an appetizer (which came with 8 pieces for $4) which I thought was a steal! The dumplings were very filling and probably the best item we got. To eat as our main meal, we got the Beef Brisket Soup Noodle and Seafood Stir Fried Noodle. Mind you we were starving so I expected anything to taste good, but this was just BLAND and kind of made me feel sick as I ate it. The brisket itself was good but there were very few pieces in it. The stir fry noodles were loaded with seafood which I love, but it was a pretty potent fishy flavor. I'm okay with that, but the blandness and lack of flavor did not appeal to me whatsoever. I was very bummed after reading all the great reviews, but at least the dumplings were good! - Price: The price was EXCELLENT because it was so affordable. That's the main reason why they are getting 3 stars instead of two, because although the food didn't blow my mind away like the other reviews said, at least we didn't have to spend a lot on the meal. I think all three things together was less than $25 maybe? Just FYI though, if you pay with a Card, then you will be charged a convenience fee. - Cleanliness: The restaurant itself looked more than decently clean, but my mom said the restroom was not the same situation. This too lowered my ratings because knowing that made me feel more gross about the food to be honest. I would like to give 88 lan Zhou the benefit of the doubt and say that maybe our experience was the fluke rather than the norm. Would I personally suggest this place when you're in Chinatown? No, but if you do visit please let me know how it goes and if your flavor experience was more enjoyable.
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. I usually get their knife cut noodles so this time I got the beef stir-fried knife cut noodle. The noodles are chewy and I personally love the texture of knife cut noodle so this really hit home for me. The stir-fried beef, eggs, and veggies complement well with the noodles and overall it was delicious. My friends got beef hand-pull noodle soup and dumplings which were also yummy. Most of their dishes are around $10 or less, so this is a great place for some delicious and affordable noodles and dumplings!
#REVIEW#Excellent dumplings and hand drawn noodles in Chinatown.  Don't expect friendly service or any frills.  This is a place to get a delicious and inexpensive meal.Would skip the longer lines at Joes Shanghai and come here!
#REVIEW#Guys. Best. Dumplings. Ever! Seriously amazing flavor! You can even grab a frozen bag and bring them home. Get the fried dumplings and pour the chili oil sauce on top  The noodles are also delicious here. We got the dry noodles with mince pork (5/5). The service is so-so...I mean you're in Chinatown, what do you expect? If you're in the area definitely worth the stop.
#REVIEW#88 Lan Zhou was conveniently located right next door to our hotel and on a list of places recommended to me. It was a no brainer we should check it out! Went here for the boiled pork dumplings only and they were so yummy! You really can't beat 8 dumplings for only $4 especially when they tasted so good. We dosed them in the chili oil which added a nice kick. We were so tempted to order other items but we wanted to have a little Chinatown food tour during our stay in the area. Service was great and our dumplings came out extremely fast. It's cash only but there's an ATM located right next door.
#REVIEW#Another great gem in the heart of Chinatown. I've been to Lan Zhou twice now and both times were amazing. Note: I ordered to go twice. This place takes credit card, but there's an additional 4% charge, which means cash only for us cheap folks. Yelpers raved about the beef hand pulled noodle soup, and stir fried beef hand pulled noodle. The last two times I elected to get the stir fried, and I really don't think I'll be ordering anything else. The hand pulled noodles here are one of the best I've had. It's firmness and taste is every noodle addicts dream. The portion comes very a few beef and egg, can get pretty oily by the time you're at your last bite, but very worth it. I also ordered boil pork dumplings my second time. Boy oh boy, these were bomb too. I'll definitely be coming back since an order of the stir fried noodles and an order of the dumplings were less than $15!! 88 Lan Zhou should be 10/10 Lan Zhou!! So good!
#REVIEW#Okay...is it just us or does everyone have a hard time finding this place?  we walked past it several times before finally finding it. Boy, I'm so glad we didn't give up!  Of all of the amazing places to eat in NY, on this trip, this was our favorite place! Seriously! I'm not even joking. There were so many things that we wanted to try but we decided on the dumplings to start with. These are an absolute MUST! Do not skip out on these. They're $4 and they will be the most amazing dumplings you've ever had. We then ordered the beef noodles and some peanut pocket type things. I can't remember the name.... probably because I wasn't a fan of them but I'm so glad I gave them a try. Those freaking noodles.....wow...I mean really wow!!!! Incredible! Why were they so amazing, you ask? I don't freaking know! Go try them for yourself and then you tell me! I know noodles are basic but not these noodles. Seriously.... the beef that was in the noodles was not my favorite so we just ate the bok choy and the noodles. Those noodles though....:Seriously people, give this place a go. You won't be disappointed!!
#REVIEW#Affordable and tastes good. What else to ask for?It's easy to miss, not because it's a small store, but because there's nothing from the store front that makes it stand out on the block. My friend raved about this place before so I thought I should definitely give this place a try. And it's as good as I've heard. I choose the stir friend knife cut noodles with shredded chicken. It didn't look like there was much in the dish but it certainly was very filling. The knife cut noodles were very bouncy and chewy and short.Even though I was super stuffed from the noodles, I shared a plate of fried dumplings with a friend. And wow, they were so juicy! One bite and I see all the soup juice in the dumpling still! Definitely recommend to get.Don't expect kind smiles for the service but don't let this turn you away either. They give you the most basic service needed. Also make to have CASH!
#REVIEW#Came here for the $4 dumplings and it was worth it! I literally couldn't believe my eyes when I saw $4 for 8 dumplings... I mean, come on now, is it for real? We had an order for regular water-boiled and one pan-fried. They were yummy! Wish there was chopped green onions but I couldn't ask for more with the unbeatable price!The service was very fast.
#REVIEW#Never disappoints. Their knife cut noodles are such a perfect texture- thick enough to hold its shape and the dough soaks in all the flavor amazingly! The flavors of the lamb I got as the protein sank in so well and made for such a satisfying lunch- I even had enough for dinner!
#REVIEW#Lan Zhou lives up to its name! I found this place based on a friend's recommendation, but also saw online that it had amazing reviews. Glad I went!!I had an hour and a half lunch break from jury duty so I walked over since it's a quick walk from the court house. I ordered the boiled pork dumplings to start and put some hot chili oil and soy sauce, which comes on the side of the table. Perfectly cooked and super juicy!I also ordered the ox tail hand pulled noodle soup. I think they're more known for beef, but I wanted to try the ox tail. Probably going to try the beef next time because the ox tail is harder to eat. I'm used to the Korean ox tail soup, sorry for being uncultured!
#REVIEW#Still have people going in at 10.45pm on a Sunday. This place is really delicious. They used to be a small hole in the wall restaurant and it used to be very dirty. This is a huge upgrade for them! The price is a little higher now and it averages 10 dollars per boodle bowl. They have delicious dumplings and very good hand pulled noodle soup and knife cut noodle soup. Definitely a great place when you have cravings for noods.
#REVIEW#I wish we have this in SF! Where can I find $4 8 pieces dumplings! Please DM me if you know!They barely speak English, but menu is small enough that it shouldn't be hard to tell them what you want. Got the dry minced pork with noodles $7 boiled $4, and fried dumplings $4! Everything was so good and cheap! Tip: make dumpling sauce with black vinegar mix with chili oil! Thank me later :)
#REVIEW#COME HERE FOR DUMPLINGS! The pork dumplings are delicious and such a great value; the meat is well seasoned and the dumpling wrappers are moist and not too thin or thick. I came here for breakfast once (yes, breakfast) and it was the best decision ever. I'm in general partial to pan-fried dumplings, but the boiled are also great. They provide a nice variety of sauces to go with your dumplings. Go now!
#REVIEW#The short: get ALLLLL the dumplings (and beef brisket noodles). The longer: big spot in Chinatown that is pretty nondescript. It's nothing fancy, but the food delivers. The steamed pork dumplings with a side of chili sauce... show stopper. As the name suggests, they do handmade noodles, so the noodle dishes are spot on. We shared the beef brisket dry noodles. They were amazing. We also shared a vegetarian soup-- I found it to be a little bland and wouldn't order it again. For sure: dry noodles and steamed dumplings are the way to go here.
#REVIEW#BOMB!! The noodles IMO were just ok but the dumplings are awesome!! We got both the boiled and fried!! The fried isn't completely fried (it's pan fried) which I def prefer! The boiled were my fave tho! The skin isn't thick and there's a good amt of filling. Also they have a huge jar of chili oil at each table which I DOUSED my dumplings in!! So good and so cheap wauw
#REVIEW#Hole in the wall restaurant with decent noodles and dumplings. The prices are affordable. If you're wondering around China town and just want a simple authentic meal that's cheap this would be the place. They don't offer water I think you have to buy the bottled water. I didn't really mind because we were planning on going to a boba tea place after anyways.
#REVIEW#Dumplings and noodles are awesome .. can't beat the quality for the price. Keep in mind that they do not have tap water, only bottles for $1. Also keep in mind that the bathroom situation is a little scary.
