#NAME#Sons of Thunder
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sons-of-thunder-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#hotdog,poke#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Best poke in Manhattan by far! This spot has the freshest fish and ingredients and somehow makes all the components of the bowl create the most delicious meal! My favorite is their half tuna half salmon with Serena peppers, nori and spicy sauce over white rice and greens! If you aren't in a rush and looking to sit down, the room in the back with skyroof is super cute and spacious. This is a must for anyone who loves delicious lunch and poke. BE AWARE, IF YOU TRY THIS POKE SPOT YOU WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO EAT ANY OTHER POKE BOWL ANYWHERE ELSE!
#REVIEW#I just had lunch here and it was absolutely amazing. One of the most delicious lunches I've had in a very long time. The food was knock-your-socks-off good. The atmosphere was wonderful. The place wasn't too stuffy and packed. The seating was adequate. The bathroom was big enough to turn around in (a rarity for a lot of places in NYC) and was fairly clean. I would certainly come back here. Perhaps my one and only major complaint was that I can't get over the fact that I spent almost $24 on lunch at a casual place, by myself. It's rare that I ever spend that much on one meal, even in NYC, and even for a few days worth of food. I get that it's fresh fish, but that's quite a bit of money.The bahn mi hotdog was one of the things I chose. It was a winner. I'm not a huge fan of the hotdog extending past the bun by itself, but it worked out. After eating a few bites of hotdog by itself, the entire "sandwich" portion of the food item was scrumptious. It had most of the right elements of a bahn mi and even seemed to have some pâté like substance on it, too. (It was a bit messy to eat and the bread was falling apart in the end from being so soggy as each bite squished the sandwich together more and more.) It almost made me wish that the place sold actual bahn mi sandwiches. I'd have loved to see what they could do!The real star of the show was the poke bowl. I got a mix of tuna and salmon, with a few additional toppings (on top of what it already comes with), like nori, Serrano peppers, and crispy garlic bits. The meal already came with tobiko, greens, brown rice, seaweed salad, and cucumbers. It was topped with a spicy mayo-like sauce. Altogether, all the ingredients really complemented one another. *Side note: the website states that the dish comes with tostada chips free. I didn't receive any.*I also had their housemade lemonade. It was a bit more tart than sweet. I wished it was slightly sweeter. (They also weren't great at keeping up with keeping all their utensils in stock. After I asked about an item I couldn't find, they refilled it. This isn't a big deal at all, though.) All in all, I'd certainly recommend this place to anyone. I just wouldn't see it being a regular occurrence due to the prices. However, portion sizes were reasonably good. At about $24 it was certainly a treat.
#REVIEW#Heard a lot of hype about this place was really wasn't overly impressed.  First thing is if you are coming here for lunch get ready to spend $15+ at least.  Now I heard a lot of great things so I went into this experience with high expectations and they just were not met. It was an average poke bowl, nothing more nothing less. The ingredients were fresh I will give them that, however the rice was clumpy, but I wouldn't ding them on the review for that alone. The best part was re caramelized onions that were mixed in with the fish, really gave the bowl a nice touch.  I would definitely eat here again but wouldn't make it a normal routine.
#REVIEW#Sons of Thunder really combines two of my favourite things: raw fish and hot dogs... obviously not together on the same dish, though. I ordered a Chicago dog and a small salmon/tuna poke bowl. The Chicago dog was great. The pepperoncinis on top added an extra kick to the dog. The poke bowl was flavourful and had great texture. It felt fresh and light. The ingredient options that they offer for your bowl go well with any type of fish. They are also not heavy-handed with the rice, so there is a great ratio of rice to fish and toppings.The space is large with ample seating, so I had no problem finding a seat. I definitely recommend Sons of Thunder.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday night before closing and the staff was pretty friendly still. The place looks small on the outside but there is ample seating in the back.I opted for the tuna bowl and I was told that unlike other Poke spots, you don't get to choose your toppings here. Not much to say except that the tuna was fresh and not chewy at all. This was my first time eating a Poke style meal so I have nothing to compare it to but I was satisfied with my meal.
#REVIEW#Both the salmon and tuna were excellent, cut into perfect size chunks.  Wide variety of toppings, including some wonderful tempura shrimp.  They just lost a star for the too-loud pop soundtrack blaring in the dining area.  Having to listen to Talentless Taylor Swift takes away from an otherwise great experience.
#REVIEW#The ahi poke bowl was good. The fish was super fresh, but compared to other places, I was disappointed with the lack of "free" toppings. For the amount it cost ($14 with NO extras) it just wasn't worth it.
#REVIEW#I love Sons of Thunder! This was my go to lunch spot every week back when I worked in the area. I'm sad that I no longer work in the area and have found it difficult to find poke places equally as great. My usual order is the half/half (salmon and tuna) with a brown rice base, shoyu sauce, edamame and avocado. The poke bowls are definitely on the pricier side as they charge additional for the edamame and avocado but you're paying for quality of fish. Be sure to arrive either earlier or a little after the lunch rush hour as it tends to get extremely busy. There's also a decent amount of seating towards the back of the restaurant.IG: @twomorebites
#REVIEW#I'm surprised they got such great reviews because I just don't see the big deal of this place. I got a half half bowl with tuna and salmon. Some of the pieces of fish were chewy and none of the flavors surprised me. The chili bowl was inedible and we threw it out. It literally was disgusting.
#REVIEW#Never thought I'd see a place dedicated to BOTH hotdogs and poke. The inside is a lot bigger than you'd expect from the outside. There's plenty of seating in the back. There's also a bookshelf with children's books to entertain the kids. It's got nice atmosphere, great for a date or a quick bite with friends. The staff is great as well! The assistant manger, Justin, is very friendly and helpful! He recommended the salmon tostada which was bomb! The tortilla was crispy and there was a generous amount of salmon on top. It's topped with avocado, greens, and sesame seeds. I also got the the half salmon and tuna poke bowl, waffle cheese fries, and the guava lemonade. The salmon poke bowl was surprisingly filling. It also had greens, onions, cucumbers, and was topped with a seaweed salad. I like how the seaweed salad wasn't super overwhelming like other poke places. Everything tasted well balanced. I got the spicy sauce and it was delicious! The waffle cheese fries were amazing as well! They were crispy and the cheese was melty and tasty. The guava lemonade was the perfect combination of sweet and sour and I miss it every day. Can't wait to go back!
#REVIEW#If you're looking for delicious poke, here's a great spot. Definitely something I find myself craving during a stressful work day. Always busy during lunch. It's best to order online for pick up and your food will be waiting for you when you get there. The fish is so fresh! Even when you order spicy, you get nice big chunks of fish. Not the mush you may get from other poke spots. They don't skimp on he portion either. Tons of toppings to add though you get charged for every single one. You can choose white rice, brown rice, cauliflower rice or greens as the base. This place also has hot dogs and French fries. I have yet to try that.
#REVIEW#If you want to get a little of everything, I wouldn't recommend coming right before they close, because they were out of salmon, greens and shrimp. They also don't give you any poke at all, compared to other poke bowls I've gotten. I had about 9 small pieces in my poke bowl. I'm not sure how it's so highly rated because I was pretty disappointed. What I will say though, is that everything was fresh and tasted good. It just wasn't anywhere near worth 35$ for two poke bowl and a drink!
#REVIEW#Decided to try some NYC poke! My friend and I went around 3pm to miss the lunch rush. I ordered a half half bowl with ahi tuna and salmon. I added avocado for $1.50 and the total with tax came to $16.60. Boston poke places let you pick your toppings but here there was a standard bowl.  The automatic toppings were spring mix, cucumbers, radish, seaweed salad, and a dollop of masago. Pretty minimal. The sauce was light and only came on the fish.The quality of the fish was perfect. I would say it's the freshest fish I've had in a poke bowl in a while! The only contender in Boston is Manoa poke! The fish makes the bowl!The price point is high but expected for nyc. Bowls are only 3-4 dollars cheaper in Boston. I would come back and not do any add ons! Would be nice to have more masago too :).
#REVIEW#Poke places are popping up all over the city. But Sons of Thunder is one actually worth going to. The poke is fresh and flavorful, the waffle cut fries are addicting, and the organic soft serve ice cream is the perfect way to end a meal. The restaurant is counter service with a really cute sitting area in the back. Love this place!
#REVIEW#Their salmon tostada makes me so happy. It's all I need when I'm not feeling too hungry. The chopped salmon is delicious and they provide a generous amount. The avocado is always fresh and it's topped with some magical seasoning. The best part is the cilantro aioli which I had on the side. It's super creamy and slightly tart not like any other green sauce. Try it!
#REVIEW#This place gets extremely busy during lunch time but there are plenty of seats along the side and a whole back area with communal tables. They also provide free water.I had a half and half poke bowl with salmon and octopus and a salmon tostada. The poké bowl was pretty good but pricey.  The fish was very fresh, which would justify the price! Unlike other poké places the mix in and toppings are standard unless you want to pay for extra. I enjoyed the salmon more than the octopus, which I found too chewy. The tostado was delicious and I highly recommend it!
#REVIEW#This is the best poke and CHEESE FRIES in NYC!Been to so many spots in the city since the poke craze began, and this has, by far, the freshest ingredients across-the-board. Even their garlic chips are far better than every poke spot. Nothing feels cheap. Everything feels high quality and delicious and healthy. Also, DO NOT MISS OUT ON THE CHEESE FRIES! I'm not even a cheese fries fanatic. It was a totally uncharacteristic move to order this in the first place, but I had a feeling... and these are incredible. It's like sitting down to a warm, comforting grilled cheese. 5 Stars!!!!!!
#REVIEW#If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would because the poke here makes other poke places I've eaten at look mediocre. Not only do they offer octopus, which I've never seen as an option anywhere else, but the fish is insanely fresh. I got the half and half with raw salmon and octopus with spicy mayo and brown rice. There are toppings already included; cucumber, seaweed salad, tobiko, sliced radish, marinated onions(?), hijiki, and mixed green. They don't have an option to build your own bowl, but honestly these are all things I always get in my bowl anyway. The raw salmon and octopus were so tender and soft. I thought the octopus would be chewy or rubbery, because that's been my experience with octopus, but it wasn't. The toppings were delicious as well. The portion are on the smaller size especially given the price, about $14, so coming here is definitely not an everyday thing. And the interior is very nice and spacious. I came here on a Friday afternoon and it was pretty empty.
#REVIEW#As someone who has been here since the beginning. This place has changed a lot. The menu used to feature burgers and fries but then CON ED did a disservice to them and hadn't installed a bigger gas line for their burners. We will only wonder what kind of place this could have been if it had both Hawaiian style poke and burgers. Hmm .Anyways I recommend all their dogs and poke combinations. They used to have an excellent banh mi dog that was taken off the menu. Poke with salad comes with tostada and can make a fun little tostada salad if you make some effort. Many thanks to the owners for sticking it through for a year and making this place happen. Cheers
#REVIEW#So I agree this place is probably one of the better places to go to if you want to get some fresh poke. I got the half and half which is with salmon and tuna and they give you a fair amount but I think if I ever do it again I would get some extra poke for $4 extra just because I'm a big lover of raw fish. I paid extra for sliced avocado because for any sushi lover avocado is a dream. My fiance and I also try to the sake. They only have a cold version in a can and they have two kinds. One is $10 and the other one is $12 because it is aged. we were advised by the cashier who by the way was also the cook to get the aged one because it has better but he also might have just been pushing it because it costs more. Either way it was very tasty and I would probably get it again if I go back there. My friend got the fish tacos which he raved about from beginning to end although I never actually tasted it. It looks pretty good presentation wise just like my poke.
