#NAME#John's of Bleecker Street
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/johns-of-bleecker-street-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Another neighborhood institution.They don't do slices so don't go and play yourself.Call and order take out to avoid the line of tourists,  this place has the best Sausage pie in the city and a great juke box.Long live Johns, one of the few places that have stood the test of time on bleecker Street.
#REVIEW#So Portnoy from Barstool dubbed this spot the best pizza in NYC. He's not too far off. Admittedly, I wouldn't consider eating pizza in what's arguably the best food city in the world. Had to make an exception here. The ingredients are solid. Good cheese, crisp crust, sweet sauce. The coal oven, the only one in the city, adds a nice touch. The place itself is informal and "come as you are." There were older ladies splitting a pie next to a table of bros next to some Kardashian wannabes. It's very, very good pizza. Is it the best ever? Maybe.Haven't tried it all. Yet.
#REVIEW#Walked a over mile for this pie. Good size establishment. Husband picked the pizza place to try in nyc. It was good. I have had better for pizza in nyc. Got seated immediately. Wait staff wasn't the friendliest. Not rude but very, sit down, order and get the eff out kind of deal. Got our pie within 10 min of ordering. Ate it all. Son is the pickiest eater. Anything with any kind of burn, he won't eat so he ate half the pizza slice bc the crust was this and had a few "burnt" pieces. The pizza was not burnt at all. Great pizza. Nothing negative to say about it.
#REVIEW#This was my 2nd go around here and it wasn't as good as the first. It didnt pack the punch that it did the first time. I went with the large plain pizza and a johns of bleecker black cherry soda. I guess they make this on their own. First off the black cherry soda brand is awful. Maybe the worst thing I ever tasted. Pizza was good but not the same as first time. It seemed like it didnt have that same coal fired taste and the ingredients didnt stick out. The pizza was cooked well but other than that it was just above average pizza not top 5.Maybe it was a one off night but when you are rated as the best in nyc. You can't have off nights!
#REVIEW#This is the best pizza I have had to this point in my pizza career. Sauce had incredible zing. Coal fired pizza which I don't find too many. The cheese was perfect. Absolutely zero grease. Absolutely zero flop. Stiff as a diamond in a blizzard. There's a reason they've been around for almost 100 years. Just a perfect crispy cheesy pizza. There's not much else to say but if you haven't been here prepared to be blown away. I also sat in the same booth that Bruce Springsteen and John Stewart sat in. So much history here so if you consider yourself a pizza man/woman, this is Graceland of pizzerias.
#REVIEW#This place reminds me of an old school pizza joint you would visit after getting out of highschool in the 80s. Booths are super vintage, with highly laquered wood and almost every inch of every booth is carved with the memories of past customers. I thought it brought a cool vibe to the place. I highly recommend trying to get a booth by the window so you can people watch while enjoying some tasty pie.Upon arrival we were greeted and seated right away. The server was your typical pizza server, in and out and efficient. We ordered the meatball starter and 2 pies. One with meatballs and pep, the other with just pep. YOOO the MEATBALLS!! They were fantastic! So rich in flavor, not too salty. Make sure to order them with some extra mozz on top! Our pizza was just as great. The crust was perfection and the sauce was good too. It's a very simple pizza spot. Very simple menu, however John's does it right. Located in the perfect area to walk around after you eat to burn off all the carbs to just ingested.
#REVIEW#John's of Bleecker Street is a great spot for a NY pizza. It seems evident that the restaurant has not changed much since it opened. If is isn't broke, don't fix it. The pizza was great. Has a little "NY flop" to the slice. The crust was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. You could also tell that the pizza itself was on the actual stone part of the oven and not on a metal pie grate like at a lot of other places. Sauce was really good and was slightly sweet. Cheese was not to distinguishable from other places but good none the less. Something that I found inconvenient is that they do not serve slices. You must get a whole pie. So if you are out to have a couple slices at a couple different places the John's isn't for you. Unless you have a group with you. Over all it was a great experience and I would not be opposed to returning.
#REVIEW#3.5 starsFew things I didn't like about this pizza: - The sauce is sweet which I don't like and you'll get chunks of it in certain bites- The pizza is too greasy (probably lost some of y'all on this point) but it's just dripping off and I think that's unnecessary. I get I'm eating pizza but the fact other pizza places can do it, there's definitely a way.- I like the small pepperonis especially when I'm eating pizza in a sit down pizza joint in NY (this is personal preference but thinks it's worth noting)Things I did like:- Crust was great it was thin a little chewy but had the nice char- Meatballs definitely would choose these over the pepperonis they had great flavor- Atmosphere: not sure how old this pizza shop is but they definitely give you the feel that it has seen and been through a lot; a very laid back environment Also, when I asked for my pizza to go they wrap it in foil which is weird. 1) that means you're touching my pizza which is gross 2) the waiter didn't put my half eaten piece, which I'm sorry when I spend $4 per topping every piece of topping counts... So yeah overall I'd say 3.5 because it's not bad, but no way would I agree with "best pizza I've ever had" like my coworker said. I'd prefer Julianne's or Lombardi's over this.
#REVIEW#3/15/19: we were told to try John's Pizzeria. When we arrived, there were a line but to my surprise, the line moved quickly. We would have walked from Chinatown but opt to take Lyft as it was raining. The pizzeria is very tight & quaint. We were greeted and seated by a very friendly dude name Erick. We ordered a large pizza with 2 toppings. Mushrooms & sausages. I also checked in and I got a free topping which saved me $4. A large pizza comes in 8 slices for $21 and $4 per topping. Soda is $2.50. I ordered Rootbeer and hubby ordered a glass of Founders $7. Our son was easy, a glass of water. Total of our dinner is $37.56. NY tax is 8.87%. I always enjoy having thin crusted pizza over deep dish. The pizza was cheesy and oozed out a stings of cheese when you pull the slices apart. The crust was very light & crispy. The sausages were very tasty. I tasted all the flavors & the best part, no oil. We didn't have to soak up the oil with napkins. The sauce was also delicious. Not too runny or tart. We left very satisfied. I was good with 2 slices while the boys had 3 slices & they were good. We walked off what we ate! Always a plus.
#REVIEW#The wait was long but worth it. The pizza pies were great and you can tell the cheese and sauce were amazing! The pie crust was also good but under salted a bit. Just salt it however you want. When the pizza is too hot, it's a little hard to judge the taste so let it cool a bit so you can appreciate the taste!My only criticism is service is poor. We had to get the servers attention a few times to refill the water. He never really came our way and we were seated right by the window near the entrance door.
#REVIEW#Came here based off of Yelp reviews and friends who have recommended this place from eating here.  We chose this place to have a little reunion from friends who met and lived in the Bay (SF) but are now based in NYC.  One of the things that we love about NYC is the pizza - you just can't get good pizza, at least NYC-style pizza, out in SF! This is definitely build your own style, pick your toppings which are $4 for the whole pie and $2 for half.  The large size has about 8 pieces which, if combined with a salad is pretty good for dinner if you're slightly hungry.  The toppings can really add up but thankfully Yelp Check-In gives you one free topping which you can use now or save later (I LOVE YELP FOR THIS...and their live waiting list!).It seems quite small, but there is actually a whole other separate room on the side that you have to enter through the back.  Your entire party must be present to be seated so I recommend that people not be late.  Service is decent although they do seem to have a bit of a rush on patrons during dinner hour (understandably so when there are people waiting to eat).All in all, I would come again, but keep in mind that you're going to want to have a pretty basic pizza or be prepared to shell out dough.  I would say that in comparison to deep-dish (Chicago style), of which I had 9 years of eating being out in the Midwest, I definitely still prefer NYC style the most.   John's of Bleecker is definitely one of the places to beat! Now if only they sold pizza by the slice....
#REVIEW#My friend's parents recommended this place and said they had the best pizza in all of New York. It is indeed a very bold statement. There was a line when we arrived at around 1pm on a weekday. We waited approximately 30 mins. John's pizza is what I envisioned New York pizza to be like -- thin, hard crust, stringy cheese, minimal toppings... I do not like anything burnt so I didn't eat any of the crust. It was also too hard for my liking. I didn't think John's was anything special but it was still good pizza.The prices are a bit high. Each topping is $4. The restaurant is also pretty small. It seats around 9 parties
#REVIEW#Visiting NYC, local to the area, in the tristate, and craving a New York slice? Then John's of Bleecker Street is your place to go. You have to go there. I am extremely picky about crust and their thin crust is solid. Amazing authentic top quality New York pizza. The pizza had no flop, no grease, and tasted fresh. They genuinely took the time to use quality ingredients and the pizza was perfectly cooked. The sauce and cheese was amazing. The place is very popular so the lines can get long depending the time of the week. They do not sell individual slices. Only pies are sold. The place is small, so it can take awhile. Nonetheless it's definitely worth the wait.
#REVIEW#Not going to lie, barstool brought me here, but really wasn't blown away. It's a great traditional pizza done right. Nothing fancy, just solid pizza. They don't skimp on any part of it. The coal fire truly does bring out the flavor in the dough, something you can't get elsewhere in NYC. The cheese and pepperoni aren't cheap either, you can really distinguish the flavor in both. If only they were open at 2am and sold by the slice to end a Friday night of drinking.
#REVIEW#Didn't have much time for pizza hunting on our trip to NYC so we of course went to John's for a classic pie. Has to be some of the best pizza of all time. Can't beat that fresh basil and magical crust.
#REVIEW#Johns's is great pizza without the frills or scene.  They don't take reservations and it's tiny inside, so expect to wait on a line if you are coming at peak times. The menu is small - wine is red or white, beer, pizzas and a couple starters and calzones.  They are pretty quick although the last time we went the waiter forgot to put in our order and he ended up bringing us a salad to share as we waited for our pizzas and comped our second carafe of wine. Their pizza is really good, some of the best in NYC so definitely check it out if you are in the village. It's worth the wait.
#REVIEW#John's doesn't disappoint.  It's as good as it gets.  I got a half cheese and half pepperoni and it was excellent.  Service was very friendly and great.  Pitchers of beer were nice and cold.  A must stop if in NY.
#REVIEW#Excellent pizza.  Good service.  Cold drinks.  We stop here every time we are in NYC.  A must.
#REVIEW#This pizza is great. End review.Just kidding but really that's all that people care about in regards to this right? Many people rate this as the best pizza in NYC, but I think it probably slots in more like 3rd or 4th. That is still GREAT pizza but it's not the best pizza I've had in NYC (and definitely doesn't hold a candle to my one true pizza love, Frank Pepe's of New Haven). The prices are fine, and pitchers of beer are pretty well priced too. Its hard to say much more. If you want authentic coal fired, crispy, slightly burnt (though could have been more burnt for my liking) pizza, you know this is the spot for you.
#REVIEW#No frills, no fuss, just pizza. I love the simplicity of the pizza at this place. You choose a size and are basically charged topping by topping (full pizza or half pizza).This basically means that no matter what you add, your pizza is going to taste good. Dough that is flung and baked right in front of you, comes out to a crispy yet chewy crust. It's then lathered in tomato sauce and heaped with a generous layer of cheese. We ordered a large pizza with basil, pepperoni, and half peppers. Delicious
