#NAME#Calle Dao - Bryant Park
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/calle-dao-bryant-park-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban,cocktailbars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Loved this adorable place! Reminds me of a time and place long ago that used to be downtown, called Bayamo. It was where all the cool kids went for China-Latina cuisine. Calle Dao has it all. A great Happy Hour menu featuring delicious tapas and $1.50 raw oysters, followed by excellent platos. My friend and I enjoyed a dozen of those babies, along with shrimp empanadas, the kale and sesame-infused Tiger Salad and a black rice seafood paella that was divine. Prices were pretty reasonable as well. The place is cute and'll remind you of being in Miami. A sweet server made it special for us. YOU NEED TO GO!!
#REVIEW#Back for a boozy brunch this time. Brunch menu is different and the food was excellent, everyone enjoyed their meals. However, the service was lacking this time. We were a bigger party of 10 and had a reservation for 130p. Took until 2pm to be seated as they were "setting up the table". We were doing the unlimited drinks brunch option for 1.5 hours. **Apparently everyone at the table has to get this, so keep that mind if not everyone is drinking**  That was a minor annoyance, but a bigger one was that it took the waitress a while to come get drink orders and then even longer for her to bring the drinks. Other unlimited boozy brunch places seem to have a better system for ensuring people get drinks quicker. They weren't too strict with the 1.5 hour limit, so I guess that's a plus.Also, the waitress wasn't the friendliest. Maybe cause we were a bigger group and I think they were understaffed, she said there was only 1 bartender. Someone tried to order a drink and the waitress gestured to a drink on the table saying you already have one.. but it was another guest's. Odd comment by the waitress which could have been communicated better even if it is their policy. So wouldn't really recommend for the unlimited drinks, but if you're looking to get food, they had some excellent dishes. I got maduros with eggs over fried rice which was good and a friend got beef and broccoli noodles (more soupy) and tried a little and it was also good.
#REVIEW#Such a cool concept, Cuban-Chinese fusion! Add to that a rustic atmosphere with open windows and partially outdoor seating and it's off to a good start!We really wanted to try the fusion dishes we couldn't find anywhere else. While the man-po maduros were arguably one of the best dishes I've ever had (totally nailed the fusion I was looking for, with pork and Sichuan peppercorns), the rest of the apps were good, but not great. The cheesecake flan was also really good and a perfect sweet way to finish the meal.On top of it, the specialty cocktail, Revolucion was totally unique and delicious if you're looking for something genuinely spicy/sweet. However, the cocktails were a touch pricy ($16/per).Overall a really good experience. Our waiter was nice and helpful and the meal was pleasant. Would recommend!
#REVIEW#Soup / sandwich /salad weekday lunch combo is a relative deal for $16.95, given that the restaurant is super cute and the food is reliably yummy and located in a pricy part of town! I love the pork dumplings appetizer. The only sandwich I've tried is the Cubano, but I just always get it because it's delicious. Great staff, great vibe!Edit: just went back for dinner. This place is a hidden gem! Loved the roasted branzino. Less crazy about the cauliflower and the Cuban fried rice, but service was solid and sweet, and this is just a nice place to enjoy dinner on a Friday night by Bryant Park!Edit 2: went back for lunch and the stir fried beef and broccoli noodle dish is outstanding!
#REVIEW#My friend who was yesterday's birthday celebrant wanted Cuban for our celebration so I booked it here. We were given the table by the entrance al fresco style so that was appreciated.From a price standpoint, we paid $360++ for a group of 6. Not the cheapest and that's alright but we didn't appreciate the attitude of the guys bringing our food out and serving it like we're the ones who owe them a favor by being customers.They have a $25+ deal if you order entrees, that gets you unlimited drinks for 90 minutes. Champagne is included and I tried that but it's honestly like watered down with cerveza. I had it exchanged for a bellini and it was decent. I only had 2 despite what I paid for the Unlimited deal, it was that 'enjoyable'. My friends to be fair enjoyed and maximized the various different drinks that can be switched within the timed 90 mins.As for the food, I ordered the skirt steak and not only was it not cooked medium rare as requested, it was bland, needed seasoning. The only thing that stood out was the Beef Broccoli dish with noodles. The beef was tender and delicious. They did a nice little touch in coming out with a small custard with a birthday candle for the dessert. The dessert was just okay, overpowered by a citrusy taste.Careful when paying, we almost added a separate 'suggested' gratuity when 20% was actually already added.
#REVIEW#Calle Dao is a vibrant and eclectic place to grab a quick drink at the bar, or catch up with friends in their dining area in the back. Some things were absolute hits, and some were absolute misses. The hits were the salmon and the paella. SO FLAVORFUL! My boyfriend has eaten lots of paella, and he said it was the best by far because of the unique flavors. Also the shrimp chips that are served for a complimentary appetizer are amazing-very unique flavor as well!  The misses were the vegetarian mushroom and broccoli noodles as well as their rice and beans.There were only 2 veggie options on the menu to begin with. The tofu stir fry was very good (4/5). The mushroom and broccoli noodles...terrible, I really should have sent it back. The dish was extremely salty (and I love salt) and the mushrooms almost tasted rancid. Totally unacceptable! The vegetarian entrees need improvement. The rice and beans were disappointing as well ESPECIALLY for a Cuban restaurant! They were lacking in flavor and just didn't have the texture or authenticity of Cuban rice and beans. Everything else about this establishment was wonderful and I would have given 5 stars if it weren't for the extremely salty noodle dish and the bland rice and beans. Another thing I appreciated was the service. Despite how busy it was, there was always someone coming around to make sure everyone's water glass was filled. If you're not vegetarian, this place is a must visit!
#REVIEW#Finding anything vegan at a bottomless brunch is challenging to say the least (hello avocado toast for the millionth time), however I was ecstatic to see a tofu mushroom sandwich on the menu as well. A little bit spicy. Filling enough to slow the alcohol flow and comes with a side salad. Bottomless ends at 430 sharp so order those drinks ASAP if your reservation is on the later side.
#REVIEW#The brunch deal here is insane!! Mainly the drink selections. For an additional $25, you can choose to drink anything under the sun - mojito, Margarita, mimosa, champagne, wine, beer, bloodies, Cuba libre, and about 5 million other selections. This is the most extensive brunch drink menu I've seen to date and I didn't hate it. The drinks were STRONG, we definitely felt it after one. The food was actually really tasty!! We got a variety of brunch goods to share:- Mushroom/smoked tofu sandwich: holy yum. This resembled a vegetarian cubano. LOVED this. - Avocado Toast: classic and did the job- Mushroom and broccoli lo mein: I loved that they used udon noodles for this. The shiitake mushrooms were huge and gave off that lovely oyster sauce flavor. I'm still thinking about this dish days later. - Maduro and Eggs: essentially fried rice with scrambled eggs and plantains. So beautifully seasoned- Yucca fries: free with Yelp check in!! Not the best I've had but still fried to a good crisp. Sauces were good!Food and drinks were fantastic but service was lacking. They were extremely slow and strict with the 90 minute brunch limit. We had to frantically flag them down every time we finished our drinks just to get our drinks in before time was up!!!
#REVIEW#I visited this location with a fairly large group, and surprisingly, the service was just as good as the food.  Some of the showstoppers were the crispy pig ears, oxtail croquetas, and spiced goat neck.  (Clearly, we liked a number of the more "adventurous" menu items.)  I order the crispy whole fish--which was a red snapper.  It was delicious and very filling.  My husband ordered the beef a broccoli.  He didn't finish it, but I ate it the next day for lunch, and it was super flavorful--a little on the greasy side, but tasted very good. I enjoyed this place, and would definitely visit again when I'm in the city.
#REVIEW#Cuban Chinese cuisine! Whaaat. Definitely happy with my experience here. Very relaxing environment with a great ambiance, ceiling fans and all. The shrimp empanadas were full of flavor and bursted in your mouth. Service was prompt and very helpful and accommodating to my friend, we never had to wait long for any refill. The waiter was extremely helpful with recommendations and gave us yucca fries and dessert! The mango sorbet was super refreshing and tasted like real mango. Happy hour m-f 11-7 and sat-sun 4-7. Wings, empanadas, sliders, $1.5 oysters, $6 beers, $8 cocktails Brunch 11-4pm 25.95 for 90 min bottomless!
#REVIEW#Calle Dao is a short walk away from Bryant Park and is a great place to try on the weekend with a few gal pals.For $25.95 you get 90 minutes of a ridiculous amount of drinks - my friends and I tried to get through the whole list in that time frame and I don't think it's humanly possible. BUT you really get your options here. Not your typical mimosa / bellini brunch spot.The food here isn't the best, with a Yelp check-in my friends and I got some Yuka fries. I had the grilled chicken sandwich which was bland to say the least. After our 90 minutes were completed the restaurant provided free sangria popsicles which were adorable and delicious.
#REVIEW#"This is one of the best salads I've ever had" - exact words that came out of my mother's mouth (she has eaten a lot of salads and does not dish out that sort of praise lightly). She got the Mixed Greens Salad ($14) with Asian Pear, Cucumber, shiitake Mushroom, Edamame,and Toasted Almonds, dressed in Citrus Ginger Vinaigrette. Not surprisingly, she ate every last bite. Yum!I got the Avocado Toast with an egg over medium. It comes on really tasty 7-grain bread with some sort of chili sauce drizzle (but not spicy) and a nice salad on the side. I can easily say that was also one of the best avocado toast dishes I have ever had from a restaurant as well! I'd definitely order it again.We both liked that the salads didn't come drenched in dressing. Our server told us that he could bring us more dressing if we wanted but they were perfect as they were.The atmosphere/vibe is great. Super cute decor. You might want to call ahead of time if you're planning on going for brunch since I know we got super lucky with our table.
#REVIEW#What an adorable little Cuban spot, I highly recommend it! We came in around 11:45 am for an early lunch and I was surprised to find a. how much it reminded me of Havana, Cuba and b. how big it was (decent bar in the front, and two dining room areas). They have a pretty legit lunch menu - I did the mushroom sandwich, with came with a fairly large side salad for only $14. I loved the basil dressing that came on my sandwich I had to order more of it. The salad dressing on my salad was also delightful. A friend of mine had the Tiger Salad and she loved her salad. (I think my side salad was as large as her salad!) They also have a lunch special of soup/salad or sandwich and a soup for $16 I believe. I paired my sandwich up with a non alcoholic mojito which was excellent. Overall service was really good. The waiter was friendly and food came out in a timely manner. My dining companion was very happy overall as was I. Glad we came. I would be more than happy to recommend this place to others, it was the perfect spot for a quick, relaxing lunch and it wasn't super loud which was great!
#REVIEW#TLDR: skip the appetizers aside from the free yucca fries because duh, free, and go for the paella and goat neck, but only if your group can tolerate gamey-ness. Do not order dessert (unless free). I'm gonna have to give up on trying these "fusion" restaurants because adding ONE ingredient from another cuisine (Chinese) into this (Cuban) doesn't make it fusion! Example: seafood paella had Chinese sausage. Bam. Fusion? Uhhh nahhhh. Came on a Sunday night from 5-7pm, where it was relatively quiet - lots of empty tables. Decor is really nice, liked the ambiance, but wasn't great for food pictures (obv). Waiter sweet - offered a free dessert for a review (but ofc didn't have to show him the review) and food came at a decent pace. Sangria ($8 for happy hour): moderately strong, goodOxtail croquettes ($12 for 3): these are about the size of a strawberry. Very crispy exterior, but the oxtail tasted like unseasoned pulled pork to me. The flavors came from the sauce drizzled over the crunchy ball, so the inside was bland. Very average, wouldn't recommend for the price/portion. Definition of bite sized!Yucca fries (free with Yelp Check In): crispy outside, but the inside wasn't as soft as could be. Red sauce was reminiscent of a Korean gochujang sauce, and the other sauce was almost a liquid herby butter type of thing that was quite watered down. Not as good as other Mexican/Cuban placesSpiced Goat Neck ($31): I saw this on the menu and knew immediately that I was going to order this. I love lamb. Yet, I've never had goat. IF you don't like lamb, and you can't stand the gamey-ness, do NOT get this. My friend took one bite, said it wasn't as bad as anticipated, but still couldn't handle the aftertaste/smell. Compared to lamb, the gamey-ness is only moderately noticeable. It's there, but it's nowhere near as strong as could be! It's definitely a large portion - perfect for sharing. Be prepared for lots of fatty content - honestly, it tasted like fatty chunky pieces of braised short rib to me. Super tender and delicious, but also on the salty side. Fusion element: had bok choy. LOL. Prob the sauce too though for this oneBlack Rice Seafood Paella ($32): this was LOADED with seafood, in particular with mussels. Another wet paella, this was a generous portion (meant for sharing!) but I wasn't the biggest fan of the slightly sweeter sauce. Black rice was good, but didn't make the dish stand out or taste different. It's also really hard to mess up a paella, and this was good! But it didn't wow me. Matcha Tres Leches ($12): the stars are docked off for this alone. Barely edible to me. The "cupcake" was hard on the outside. The inside looked to be a very dense muffin situation, but was wet, crumbly, and had that squish squish sound as you cut in. However, it was too wet - the bottom especially was drenched in syrup and the pieces were clumped together. Each bite felt grainy and didn't taste smooth in my mouth. Extremely sweet but nonexistent matcha flavor aside from the dusting at the top.
#REVIEW#The most amazing bottomless spot in Bryant Park with the best service! From beginning to end, our group received the best service! We opted for the bottomless, and our server was fantastic at coming around to make sure our drinks were filled. You are able to switch drinks too, you can choose from 12 drink options for each round, making for many great options!The food wasn't too expensive, and the options were great. We all enjoyed our dishes. I was able to get egg whites with my avocado toast, and I always appreciate being able to have that option. We were pleasantly surprised with mojito popsicles that came with our bottomless! It was an amazing addition to our fanatic brunch experience. Will definitely be back to try more dishes and when we're feeling like bottomless!
#REVIEW#This restaurant was recommended by a local friend, and we joined him here for dinner. He is a big fan of their happy hour food and drinks, and within a couple of minutes, I was too. He grew up in an area where Cuban-Chinese restaurants were fairly common, but he also said that in most cases, you get essentially 2 menus, one with the Cuban dishes, one with the Chinese. That's not the case here, as they've blended the cuisines in very interesting ways. If you are fan of seafood and/or rice dishes, I'm sure you'll find many dishes on the menu to like. I opted for their paella, just because it was so unique, with mussels, clams, calamari, shrimp, and black rice. Our waiter and the rest of the staff took care of us too, checking on us frequently and bringing us refills and such quickly. It's a little hectic here during that last half-hour before happy hour is over, but very much worth it, as well as some time to savor the food and drink and atmosphere afterward.
#REVIEW#The unique pairing of Chinese and Cuban cuisines had me equal parts interested & hesitant to try Calle Dao. My suspicions weren't unfounded; it takes an expert hand to fuse dissimilar cuisines, Calle Dao just didn't have what it takes. The unjustifiably high prices didn't help in the feeling that we'd been taken for a ride. Chicken & Yellow Rice ($27) sounded like something I'd like, but the dry chicken & rice that didn't resemble what yellow rice should be quickly extinguished whatever excitement I had. The rice was tough, almost crispy instead of fluffy & sticky. Beef & Broccoli ($28) fared even worse. The short rib was heavily coated in spices that didn't appeal to me (5 spice? Too much anise? Can't be sure.) I thought this would be a dry dish but it was sitting in a broth that tasted of mushrooms, the lo mein noodles a little soggy from soaking it up. Not pleasant. Our dessert, Bañuelos, sugar donuts with a chocolate dipping sauce was quite interesting & tasted how we expected it to, but didn't make up for the rest of dinner. As harsh as two stars would be, three stars is a little generous; I'm choosing to go with the latter, but my first time at Calle Dao will be my last.
#REVIEW#The service was amazing! (5/5 for service) Great location! We got free yuca fries for checking in-- those were pretty good. We came for brunch and got the beef and broccoli, cubano sandwich and got a matcha tres leches for dessert.The meats in general were kind of dry and the flavors interesting bc of the fusion of flavors from Cuba and China. Being Asian, it was a little difficult to comprehend the flavors, but I can see how some people might think it's great! (So food is probably 3/5)The matcha tres leches was delicious! Honestly I would come here for the bottomless brunch next time, the atmosphere and service!
#REVIEW#Summer 19 in NYC loading!! The weather  finally breaking = frequent Sunday Brunch!! Calle Dao being my latest choice for a Sunday brunch did not disappoint. As soon as I walked in I was seated and greeted. My friend was still looking for parking but they still allowed me to be seated *a lot of NYC restaurants will not seat until the entire party is there*. I went with the bottomless drink option *which must be done by the entire table*, for an additional $26 you have the choice of over 10 different drinks *margarita, Mojito, Sangria, beer* for 90mins. That alone is very rare, most brunch drink options are limited to Mimosa & Bellini. We tried the Mojito, margarita, peach bellini & caipirinha. ALL of them were equally good *no skimping on the alcohol at this establishment*. For my meal I had the beef & broccoli which was amazing!!!! So flavorful, pipping hot and filling. I couldn't even finish. Calle Dao did not disappoint.
#REVIEW#My co-worker and I discovered we're birthday neighbors and decided to have a belated birthday celebration together over lunch today. We're both foodies and compared to what else is in the Bryant Park neighborhood, Cuban Chinese cuisine seemed to be the most interesting! Calle Dao is very easy to find and perfectly situated directly around the corner from Bryant Park and just steps away from the subway. As soon as I stepped in, I didn't feel like I was in New York. The décor had an old-world feel to it and the atmosphere was very comfortable. Tables were set out near the window to create a indoor/outdoor feel and smaller tables were adjacent from the bar that was stocked with liquor and menu's touting their Happy Hour offerings. Walking towards the back, it was a bit dimly lit but the décor still carried some rustic, old world charm. We were seated and greeted by our waiter almost immediately with the menus. The menu is broken up by Hot Tickets (Entradas Calientes), Strong Plates (Platoes Fuertes), Salads (obvi), sandwiches and sides. We decided to keep it light and opted for the Tiger Salad which was a literal plate of health consisting of cucumbers, coriander, scallions, watercress, baby kale, sesame, crispy shallots with sesame dressing. As light as that dish was it carried a light flavor that was pretty tasty and satisfying. We also shared the Cuban Sandwich Spring Rolls that came with mojo lime mustard. Normally I'm not a fan of mustard unless it's Sir Kensington's brand but this was not spicy and leaned towards a sweeter taste. These little spring rolls were small but mighty and packed with pork, ham, salami and cheese. It was a very good balance between light and heavy and allowed room for Bunuelos, the tastiest sugar dusted munchkin I've had in a very long time! So what is this Bunuelo situation you ask? It's described as Chinese five spice sugar with chocolate coconut sauce with just a hint of orange. I did not want it to end. Each bite was better than the next and the exterior was perfectly crunchy with all the sugar and inside was soft and fluffy. I absolutely have to come back for the dessert and to explore the rest of the menu to see what their strong plates are all about (this is what will most likely give me a reason to give 5 stars)! Overall it was a nice experience with prompt service, friendly staff and nice décor.
