#NAME#Mighty Quinn's Barbeque
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/mighty-quinns-barbeque-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bbq#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Please name another BBQ spot better than Mighty Quinn. Don't think too hard because there's none - Overall 5/5 experience everything I visit - Fries are not great (only improvement they need to make) - Ribs are amazing - Cole slaw is amazing- Staff is really friendly & would have a conversation with you for like 5 mins- Tends to get EXTREMELY CROWDED in the summer/weekends (~25 min wait) ** Highly recommend checking Mighty Quinn, they will not disappoint
#REVIEW#Took a day trip to NY and stopped in for a meal. I can't say enough how great this place was. The food was delicious! ( I had brisket, and corn fritters that were amazing)The people were friendly and the atmosphere was very casual. Highly recommend. Try those corn fritters!
#REVIEW#I ordered Mighty Quinn's on UberEats for a late lunch, and I'm soooo glad I did! Food is very reasonably priced, the order arrived quickly, and their packaging makes sense. Each dish was only about $5 each, and left me with plenty for dinnertime.I ordered the Baked Beans w/ Burnt Ends which didn't have as many burnt ends as I'd expected but was still very tasty. I also got the Mac & Cheese, shells slightly overcooked but flavors on point. They left the sweet corn fritters uncovered, smart so they stayed crisp instead of getting soggy and gross. The fritters were my favorite - you dip them in this delicious sauce that has the consistency of maple syrup.
#REVIEW#Great place for BBQ if you don't want to go too far out of Manhattan. Spacious and a lot of seats. Self-serve style. The Brontosaurus ribs were pretty bomb! Enough to feed me 2 meals.
#REVIEW#$10 for a single serving of beef brisket with coleslaw?? Soooo worth it! The brisket is extremely soft and literally falls apart when you try picking it up with a fork. I came here around 10PM on a Friday night and there were plenty of seats and tables left. I didn't expect much because it was pretty late and food usually isn't that fresh at night but the brisket exceeded well beyond my expectations.P.S. I ate this as a post dinner snack. If you're thinking about grabbing dinner here, I recommend getting a bowl or another single serving with a side.
#REVIEW#Mighty Quinn's is a fast-casual barbecue chain with locations across Manhattan.Calling it the Chipotle of BBQ isn't quite accurate given how brisk their delivery business seems to be versus take-out, but I'll take it for the general "high quality, low price point, good enough" level that most locations seem to put out. The food stands up pretty well to delivery, and if you're getting it from the comfort of Seamless, I predict an average to positive experience. But if you're willing to make the trek to East Village flagship, which apparently makes the food for the other locations, you can find some truly standout barbecue.I first ventured here via Jane D's suggestion to try the ribs. These are probably their best: tender, just short of fall-off-the-bone, and not at all greasy. The pulled pork is also exceptional-- a fattier blend than typical, resulting in a sloppy and gluttonous sandwich, cut with crisp cucumbers and sharp pickled red onions.Other meat (brisket, chicken) has been high quality but on the dry side. Their barbecue sauce isn't anything out of the ordinary, but it's satisfying and works with all of their options. I haven't explored the sides too much yet, being a small human typically sated with their single-portion meat serving. The kale salad is pretty average; the sweet potatoes are splendid.Prices are good; I typically spend under $15 here including tax and tip. Service varies in terms of attitude but it's always efficient. There's a bathroom with a lock code.Overall, I found the meat here to be better than expected given the corporate vibe and mass production. A reliable pick for NYC barbecue and an increasing part of my diet.
#REVIEW#Mighty Quinn's is the Chipotle of BBQ, with a clean and neat assembly line of meats made to order and delicious sides for your convenience. My sister and I came into Mighty Quinn's when we were nearby for an event and were sold with the great reviews. Upon walking in the delicious smell of bbq meat begins to tickle your nose and confirms that you have made the right decision for dinner. We decided to get a few different things to share and differed in our opinion on what was the best meat. For me it was hands down the brisket, for her the pulled pork - you be the judge. As for sides we got the corn fritters, which were delicious but definitely lacked corn. They felt almost like a dessert, but boy were they yummy with that honey chili! The creamy coleslaw was on point - I can't believe I am actually writing that because I normally hate cole slaw; but they found that perfect balance of mayo and cabbage. Also loved the picked veggies on the side, it was a nice pairing to the meat. The only thing we did not love was the super goopey mac n cheese. It was weird because I really wanted to love it, but it was just so overly rich, like globs of sour cream and cheese and just hints of pasta shells. I never thought I would complain about too much cheese on my mac - but here I am being a total pasta lover. Overall I absolutely loved our experience. Staff was very nice, plenty of seating and a decent price. I would highly recommend hitting them up for your bbq cravings.
#REVIEW#Disappointing.The ribs were hardly edible. We honestly could barely bit into them and cutting them was equally difficult. Brisket was dry. Mac and cheese was soggy. I don't think the assembly line, Chipotle style vibe works for BBQ. It was confusing how trays of ribs stored could possibly remain good enough for customers. 2 stars because staff was friendly.
#REVIEW#Very disappointed in the Mighty Quinn's Seamless order. This was a half a pound of brisket and $26. The cuts were not the strips of mouth water sting brisket I was expecting. They were chunks of fatty meat. AND it was all stone cold, regardless of only being about 8 blocks away. I really love Mighty Quinn's and hope they can make this up to me somehow...
#REVIEW#First of all the staff is rude and doesn't acknowledge you. I was hyped after seeing the reviews on yelp but was so disappointed when I tried my food. The wings lacked flavor and just didn't meet my expectations while the Mac and cheese tasted old. The only good thing was the broccoli salad, safe to say I will not be returning and don't get what the hype is about. Maybe I should have tried the ribs guess I'll never know lol They should hire a better staff.
#REVIEW#It was okay. Split the ribs, chicken and brisket with friends. All were fine but not especially flavorful. They had bbq sauce, and just one type, on the table that was mild in flavor and well..... just okay. It would have been nice to have a sweet option, spicy option, a smoked option, and more.As for the sides: -baked beans were good in flavor. They used black eyed peas which were a bit undercooked.-Mayo based Cole slaw (which I selected as my complimentary item) was good.-the Mac and cheese didn't taste right, whatever seasoning they used was off.-fried corn things were good as was the sweet sauce they served it with.That said it's a nice place with good service. I was allowed to sample a side before selecting. Also, in addition to the sides purchased, my Cole slaw was complimentary and served in a small black container, I didn't notice a sign about a free item so I don't know if it's common or I got lucky.
#REVIEW#This review is long times overdue and I am taking my time to write it because I actually have quite a bad experience with another restaurant.The price in here is VERY affordable for some tasteful bbq. My husband and I had the ribbs and they were just in point. The man that took our order and also the cashier was very professional and friendly. The place was clean and the bathroom was clean also. I like this place because I feel like we cant go wrong by going there. I will definitely stop by again.
#REVIEW#I want to preface this by saying I'm not a huge fan of BBQ- I get it about three times a year and it's usually not that great in my opinion. But, this place is a great find. I loved the brisket and the sides were fabulous (especially the Mac and cheese.) My friend got the ribs and loved them.
#REVIEW#There are many Mighty Quinn's in Manhattan, but this is the best one. The reason is that this particular Mighty Quinn makes the food for the other Mightys around Manhattan. Cooked, smoked and bbq'd to perfect they deliver the good stuff all the Mightys around. My friend and I split a half pound of beef brisket and ribs, sides of cold slaw and a mac and cheese. All this was more than enough food for the both of us. Personally, the ribs were much better the brisket, but I would suggest trying a little bit of everything that Mighty Quinn's has to offer. All in all definitely come check out Mighty Quinn's if you want some good bbq.
#REVIEW#Like the rustic feel with the wooden tables and the wooden backdrop.As a vegetarian usually only eat sides at bbq places. This one was no different. Prices are reasonable. Also liked the fact that the menu specified which items where vegetarian.I ordered the kale salad, mac and cheese and a ginger ale.The kale salad was decent- the pumpkin seeds provided a nice crunch to the salad. Dressing also was good- not too over powering. The mac and cheese was inedible. The cheese was too much! The whole dish was oily and greasy. The pasta itself was undercooked. Was very disappointed with the mac and cheese. Overall was vegetarian friendly but the mac and cheese really was a bummer.
#REVIEW#Might Quinn's is the best fast casual dinner spot! The food is awesome, the atmosphere is fun, and they keep the lining moving even though it is a popular place. You have to try the Brussels sprouts and the Mac and cheese! The best comfort food. The prices are reasonable and the portions are really generous. Totally worth it!
#REVIEW#The food is pretty good, my main issue has been that the past three times I've been there the only trash station in the entire store has been overflowing .No one cleans it in time and people just keep piling their remains on top of the area for empty trays. It looks horrible, like what you see on trash on NYC streets. I sat there for 20 minuets eating my food and no one even came to check.They should either get more trash stations or be much more diligent in keeping track of this.If this only happened one time, it would not be an issue. But it happened all three times that I've been there in the past few months.
#REVIEW#Damn. DAMN. This is probably the closest thing to BBQ heaven in New York. 12:10 PM, I walk in through the side door, and I see at least 20 seats open. I'm surprised that despite it being lunch time, Mighty Quinn's still has plenty of seats open. I'm greeted with a genuine "Hi, how are you?" and a wide smile by the first staff member. Even this small gesture catches me off guard, as I'm so used to New York staff members just asking me what I want. I order 2 single serving brisket sandwiches - one for me, one for my boyfriend - and last-minute added on some mac 'n' cheese. Even the presentation of the brisket sandwich looked beautiful! It seemed to me they used sea salt for the sandwich, so even with less salt on the sandwich, the saltiness was more prominent. The brisket -  it's fatty, it's juicy, it's delicious. It's SAVORY. As I ate more of the sandwich, the bun would soak up the juices from the brisket, making the bun even tastier and softer. We had so much brisket leftover from the sandwiches, we joked about taking them home to eat with rice, looked at each other, and then proceeded to take a to-go lid to do exactly that. If you end up ordering the single serving brisket sandwich, it's a little pricey at $9.25, but you could probably split it with someone or take home half of it for another meal. The mac 'n' cheese was, in essence, delectable. The cheese was so creamy; the pasta cooked al dente - a great balance between firm and soft; the bread crumbs added a nice crunchy texture to the mac 'n' cheese. Even with the humungous brisket sandwich, I definitely made room for the mac 'n' cheese. Even as I write this review and look back on the photos, I already start salivating thanks to such a pleasant experience. I would definitely recommend The Mighty Quinn's to anyone having a craving for some BBQ!
#REVIEW#Food is always spectacular, if a bit pricey (esp. considering you don't get much meat with any particular order).  The sides, on the other hand, are pretty generous.  A 'small' baked beans or a small sweet potato...I generally get 3 servings out of each.It's best to go here during off hours, or not the obvious peak hours.  Otherwise, the wait can be long-ish to place your order... a full 10 minutes in line?...and you may have to wait for an available seat.My one big 'BEEF' ;-) with this place?  The positively horrid setup of the work station and the wall of glass between the staff and the customers.  Unless you are OVER say 5'6" tall (and can clear the top of the glass wall), you must YELL your order through the glass wall, and over the rest of the noise and music in the restaurant.  I really hate having to scream my order, and answer questions back and forth, and trying to stand on my tippy toes all the while.  This is needless.Oh, sure, MQ will say it's all for 'sanitary' reasons, but there are ways to ensure a separation between customers and the food trays, without a solid glass wall.  There is a wide range of other 'panels' that could be used, which not only prevent customers from touching, breathing on, etc. the food trays, but also allow for some air vents through which we can more easily communicate with the staff.Also, the wall board with the menu options is a bit confusing.  It's not really clear if there are 'plattters' you can order and where sides are included for a set price...or if everything is a la carte.  And I think when I placed my most recent order (for the meat), I think the guy said 'naked or a sandwich'?  Again, it was hard to HEAR him, but ...I'd no idea what he meant by 'naked'...never heard that term used at a restaurant...but I inferred from the context that he wanted to know if I wanted my meat plait...by itself...or as part of a sandwich.  So I replied 'naked'.  But again, all very confusing...not the best system for ordering...especially considering the noise level...the fact that you must order 'quickly'...the staff are working very quickly...and then you can't even communicate effectively due to the glass wall!
#REVIEW#The brontosaurus rib was cooked well to where the meat easily fell off the bone but it was too packed with pieces of fat.  Having the sauce on top was also too overwhelming; on the side would've been better.  It was probably too expensive given the quality. The spare ribs were the best item at the price point with good smokiness and flavoring, although two of the ribs were too dried out.  The burnt ends were lacking, as the pieces were too dry; the sauce slathered on top couldn't elevate the meat as it resembled more like beef stew.  Items were served extremely quickly and seating was ample.  Altogether, a decent bbq experience.
