#NAME#Cho Dang Gol Korean Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cho-dang-gol-korean-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I ate here during a business trip, and it was some of the best Korean food I've had in North America. It wasn't cheap, especially since I was eating alone, but the quality matched the price. I had a grapefruit soju cocktail, the seafood tofu stew, and the steamed dumplings, plus banchan. The cocktail was good, I've had better. The woman who served me went to the trouble of explaining each side dish, which I didn't really need but was nice regardless. The variety of banchan was good too--they didn't just give you kimchi and bean sprouts and call it a day. The fried green bean pancakes were probably my favorite. The dumplings were delicious and fresh, and they do that thing with the rice where they cook it in a stone pot so you get to eat the crunchy rice on the sides (they did this even though I was alone, which I wasn't expecting). It feels odd to call it a standout when everything was so good, but you can definitely tell the tofu is made in-house. The stew was solid overall, but the quality of the tofu really elevated it. When I was done, the servers got me the check pretty quickly (I'd walked in around 5:30 and the restaurant filled up fast as I started eating). I had a plane to catch, so this was helpful for me, but I can see how it might be jarring in a different situation. I really wish I had a place like this back home!
#REVIEW#So was continuing my Ktown journeys in NYC during a 14 week work stint and had this joint bookmarked for a while to try given their infamous homemade tofu. There does always seem to be a steady stream of folks heading into the spot so definitely worth mapping out your time of arrival to get in and get out. The place seems to focus on high quality ingredients and I knew it was going to be pretty solid when I walked in and saw two tour groups of grandpas/grandmas chowing away with makgeollis in hand. They have a few different spirits which focused more on rice wine, sake, soju, etc. The service here on the day that I showed up was being run by a few "imos" and were very friendly and talkative while also wanting to make sure the food was good.After perusing the menu, we decided on the beef pancake steaks, perilla seed stew, and the spicy pork with homemade tofu. They also end the night with the stone pot to make noorunjee which was delicious. The tofu here is definitely on point and definitely shows a difference in quality and texture from anything store bought. The beef pancake steaks were delicious with the batter being really solid and not over the top. The seed stew was unique and definitely showcased the ingredients that had gone into making this dish. The spicy pork was again good quality meet (not much fattiness thankfully) and the tofu was perfect on top. The banchan's that came out were also top quality making this feel like just a joint serving up "homey classics" with solid ingredients. They focus on quality and the waitresses seemed to connect on making sure the meals were good showing good customer service.All in all, a good spot to hit up and definitely worth the trip. Definitely good tofu and worth checking out for those wanting that experience of just a no frills/non pretentious Korean meal
#REVIEW#I'm a regular here (new on Yelp however), and it's one (if not the best) of the best places for Korean soup dishes. Prices are competitive and the quality is superior, to say the least. In particular, this time around, I was reminded that their Kimchi Jigae warms the heart and soothes the soul. It's not unnecessarily spicy but has those authentic spice flakes taste that Koreans love. The waiting staff is also great. They're kind, attentive, and helpful if you're indecisive at times like me. This would be a easy 5 star, but the quality of their appetizers (their pancakes especially) waver at times. They're never bad by any stretch of the imagination, they're just not stellar usually. Overall, I would definitely recommend that you try the place out yourself. I can pretty much all but guarantee that you'll love the place for one thing or another.
#REVIEW#Hmm, what can I say about Cho Dang Gol that hasn't been said 45,873 times already... High quality Korean food at fairly reasonable prices. This was probably my 7th visit and I've always had a great meal. Kimchi Biji was SUPERB. In fact, it was so good that we got an extra order for take-out. And the plan is to try to replicate it at home. However, I doubt we'll be able to come close, given the high quality ingredients. Definitely check this place out if you haven't. And definitely try the Kimchi Biji! You won't be disappointed. Also, it looks like they have pretty good lunch specials, but obviously most ppl won't be able to take advantage. Extremely envious for those that can!
#REVIEW#I went to Cho Dang Gol for lunch this time, and the experience was even better than dinner. Because there were fewer customers than in the evening, servers were more attentive and they offered me multiple refills of the appetizer dishes, once I've emptied them. Also another kudos for the restaurant for offering equally great dishes during lunch time -- dishes taste worse for some restaurants during lunch where there are less customers than dinner time, but the dishes here are excellent all the time!
#REVIEW#I really liked this place... Clean, organized and non pretentious. We ordered a nice bottle of soju accompanied with watercress pancake to start with.Then came the assorted complimentary small plates... My favorite part of any Korean meal.Their speciality is they make their tofu in-house. Needless to say it was super fresh and melt in the mouth texture.For main course I ordered specialty seafood pot (without shrimps as I'm allergic to it) with tofu stew.It was one of the best seafood pots I have ever had. I think it's the in-house made tofu stew that did the trick and worked so well. Their chef deserves an applause for sure.It's definitely worth a second visit coz I am already craving a nice hot pot made with silky fresh tofu..
#REVIEW#One of my coworkers recommended this place for lunch so we came here super early at 11:45 AM (when they opened). It was such a good decision to get there early because soon after (around 12:30 PM), it was PACKED!!!! And it's packed for a good reason, their food was delicious!!I got the Lunch Combo Special: Spring Yeolmu Leaves Bibimbap with Soybean Paste and Dried Pollack Tofu Stew ($18.99). Again, being a Korean, paying almost $20 for a Bibimbap... makes me cringe. But I will say that the portions were big, it was very unique having Yeolmu leaves in the Bibimbap, and they gave a bowl of Dried Pollack Tofu Stew so I guess the price is justified. Everything (including banchan) was very authentic and delicious, made me miss my mom's cooking back at home. And... like any Asian restaurant, unless you speak their language, service is mediocre. When I whipped out my Korean, the waitress gave me extra banchan (especially kimchi) and housemade tofu (YES!!!!). Let me talk about this housemade tofu. With every order, they serve a small bowl of housemade tofu and omg... this was literally heaven in my mouth. So freaking soft and creamy... it had a mildly sweet and nutty flavor. I will go back there just for that tofu - it was amazing!!!
#REVIEW#Overall Value:  This was probably closer to 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up. If this place was in Philly, I would probably rate it 4.5 or 5 stars, but with all the competition in NYC it just doesn't stand out.  The food was good, but not great, and the price is in line with other nearby Korean restaurants.  The Food:   We got the spicy chicken entree ($23.99), CDG Japchae ($18.99), and beef and zucchini pancake ($18.99).  The spicy chicken was not too spicy, and had a good amount of other fixings like rice cake and veggies.  Good textures and amount of food, but if anything, it was slightly under-flavored.   The CDG Japchae and beef and zucchini pancake were both also a bit underwhelming - not bad by any means, just missing a little something.  They were all good, but I had such high hopes and felt just a little disappointed with the flavors.  The banchan were all very good though, and their homemade tofu is phenomenal - by far the best thing we ate.  Moral of the story is we need to return and order some tofu, and maybe skip some of these other dishes.  Space and Pace:  We got here at about 7:30 on a Friday night.  The place was packed, but it turned out to be only about a 25 minute wait.  (I tried to make a reservation, but they told me that they do not take reservations on weekends for small parties).  Nice drink selection, and once we were seated we enjoyed a fairly long meal catching up with friends.  A good, vibrant atmosphere without being overly loud.  The service:  I really liked our servers - they brought us extra banchan when we told them which ones we liked.  Never felt rushed even though they were super busy, and they were friendly throughout.  Food came out pretty quick too!
#REVIEW#My love for Korean food grows every day. Can't stop it. This was a neat spot. The staff was so friendly and nice. Brought me and my friend a second set of sides (all complimentary but still sweet). The lunch special is perfect. You get a combo, order of tofu and entree. We also got the egg dish (we ordered too much) which was also delicious and filling. I got the beef tofu soup and the chicken dish. It comes with rice. You would think it's a bit pricey compared to other lunch options, but for all the food you're getting it's a steal. I have zero complaints. The food was delicious, service was spot on, we left full and happy. I'll be back to try more.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite Korean restaurants in the city. My go-to place when I'm stressed or not feeling well and just need really good Korean food, my comfort food.My favorite dish is the Kabocha and Potato Pancake and their Spicy Chicken (dakgalbi). I don't know anywhere else that has potato pancake with kabocha, and I love kabocha! They make the pancakes pretty thick and cook it perfectly to have that crunch while still being chewy. Their Spicy Chicken dish is also awesome. They have perilla leaves, rice cakes, and sweet potatoes that make the dish so delicious! I know they're known for their jjigaes, but I think they're just okay and aren't uusually first choice. The only special part is that the tofu is very fresh because they make their own.I usually go at odd hours (like 3pm for dinner), so there's no wait and service is great. But when I've been during peak dinner and weekend lunch times, there are lines (not long compared to other ktown places) and they tend to rush you a lot, coming every 5 minutes to check if you're done or trying to take your plates away.
#REVIEW#** Delivery Review **The estimated delivery time was 20-30 minutes, but my order came 1.5 hours later. On top of that, the portions were VERY small considering the price. The food quality is good, but not worth how much I paid. For the bibimbap, spicy octopus, japchae, and one soda... I paid $85 (includes tip)... in my opinion, your money is better spent elsewhere for Korean food. There are other way better spots that won't break the bank. Note, this is for a delivery review. In restaurant experience may differ.
#REVIEW#BEST ARMY STEW I'VE EVER HAD. I WILL LITERALLY FLY HERE TO EAT IT. I stopped by next door (Izakaya) one night and smelled the delicious wafts coming out of Cho Dang Gol by chance, so I came back the next day to try. I got the army stew amongst other things but I'll be focusing on the amazing army stew for the duration of this review. The army stew feeds 3-4, but I think 2 people could easily eat it. The contents are typical but the soup base is so delicious that I've been daydreaming about it even now as I am in LA. You have to try it if you go. The restaurant is small and a bit cramped, but worth it. No dealbreakers because the army stew is too great.
#REVIEW#Don't come here if you don't want authentic old school Korean comfort food made with fresh materials, care and at reasonable prices. For Koreans of a certain age and era, this will harken back to a simpler times and maybe memories of what our grandmas back home used to make.Been here too many times to count, and ordered most of the items on the menu. The management change really did not impact the food quality or experiences. Just fancier menus and slightly higher prices, still reasonable given the quantity that you do get. I think this place started the trend of serving browned rice parts mixed with hot barley tea among the restaurants. We've always had this at home, but this was one of the first places to do it.Standout menu items are any thing Tofu related. They make their own and its definitely not the consistent store bought kind. Lumpier, earthier, kinda soy-creamier and milder. Less chemicals the better. It's a more time intensive manual process that most Asian restaurants do any more, but this place does it. Biji (ground bean stew) is outstanding, Kimchee Biji is a good spicier version for a colder day. Grilled fish with spicy sauce is really old school. My grandma used to dry fish in the yard to help make it last longer; grilling it and covering with with hot pepper paste after is what I remember well. While its not grandma level, but it brings me back and helps me remember what it was like before.Lunch time is typically packed, for good reason. Koreans and non-Koreans know a good thing when they taste it.Side note culturally, the Korean office culture starts lunch at 12 noon on the dot for some reason. If you want to beat the rush, go to your favorite Ktown places before 12 or a bit after.
#REVIEW#This place has solid traditional korean food. We actually ordered many different types of dishes. We ordered the budae jeongol, bossam, baby octopus and beef bulgogi, spicy pork, and pa jeon. All the dishes were pretty good but I was actually pretty surprised about the bossam. I'm not a huge fan of pork belly but the flavors of all the items on the dish were really good together. I would highly recommend to try this dish. The kimchi, pickled radish, and the sauce that they give really makes the flavors stand out for the pork belly. I felt that the pickled radish really stood out for me and made me want to eat it more with the pork belly even though I never really enjoyed eating pork belly.  Service was pretty good and our server was pretty quick and knew what we needed before we even asked her. This place was so packed though so I would recommend coming earlier so you can avoid the long wait.
#REVIEW#Honestly the service here is impeccable and what makes this 5 stars. Met up with friends here at around 5:30 on a Friday night and luckily we came early as it got super busy and packed half an hour later. My friend told me they make their own tofu, so I opted for the Kimchi Stew with tofu and shared the CDG Bossam with a friend as an appetizer. The CDG Bossam was really good-the pork was well flavored and kimchi/radish paired very nicely with it. The Kimchi Stew and the tofu was quite tasty, however it was SUPER spicy...to the point where it hurt to consume it. Granted my spice tolerance is not the best, thus I asked the server if there was anything I could use like some clear broth to dilute it (I'm a princess I know). Despite that it was extremely busy, the server actually offered to take it back to the kitchen to remake it to be less spicy, but warned it might taste different aka not as good which I was totally okay with. Interestingly enough, the kimchi stew tasted even better with the perfect amount of heat. Yum. Thanks to its accommodating service and good food, I highly recommend this place!
#REVIEW#Sometimes you just gotta splurge on some good Korean food! And this restaurant is the place for that! The place is packed at night so make sure you make reservations! The seating arrangement here is also pretty tight-knit so I wasn't the most comfortable sitting in the middle. But the beautiful traditional interior makes up for it! First up, banchan! There's quite the variety with my favorites being the seaweed, pajeon, and potato. The Seafood Pancake here isn't too big but it's definitely enough for four. Normally, restaurants can be pretty stingy with the seafood but I definitely noticed the number of mussels in this one! Absolutely delicious! The Budae Jeongol (or so I like to call it Jungle) ($38.99) came to us all beautifully presented. It's a hot pot filled with ramen, sausages, rice cake, and other stuff. I normally can't eat spicy but I beared the pain just to eat this! Shows how good it is. But still shouldn't be worth that hefty price tag! Lastly, we were presented with the large-sized CDG Fried Chicken (~$24). My friends enjoyed this but I beg to differ. The flour was too noticeable in the chicken for me to enjoy it. The sauce provided also didn't really match the chicken as it was more of a plain sweet sauce to me. One thing I noticed about this place was the workers. Sure, there are sweet ahjummas working here but one particular tall male worker who manages the reservations stood out to me. As we were eating, he would often walk by stretching his "Welcome" or "Goodbye" to the people coming in and out. What friendly and fun workers this place has! I had an enjoyable experience. I would come back but only with a group of friends because this place pricey!
#REVIEW#Love their tofu soup, plum soju and their stew pot. We came as a party of four and waited for twenty minutes to get seated. Their food is very authentic and tasty. Would love to come back!
#REVIEW#Yo, this place was PACKED... for a reason! It seems like out of all the Korean restaurants available in K-Town, this is the place to be. Groups of people were willing to put their names on a list and wait the 25+ mins for a table. This is a tiny restaurant and they really try to maximize the space, so expect it to be loud and crowded. I haven't had too much Korean food in my life so far, but this was a really delicious and satisfying meal. My seafood stew healed the misery that stemmed from a freezing day. I thought the side dishes were interesting, but yummy (acorn jelly?!). The grapefruit soju was also refreshing. Until 10pm, the staff was trying to get people in and out as fast as they could. Either try getting here really early or quite late. It is worth the wait for a table here. Highly recommend if you're in the area.
#REVIEW#Cho Dang Gol was packed on super rainy Friday night at around 7. Luckily, we made a reservation so we didn't have to wait long. For some reason, I thought it was a Korean BBQ place - but it's not. It was fine though because they have BBQ items too. It's just that they'll bring it out to you since there aren't grills at the table.For five people, this is everything we ordered to share. This was more than enough for us and we had a ton of food leftover:Japchae (stir-fried potato noodles with marinated beef, onions, peppers, spinach, and assorted mushrooms), Seafood Tteokbokki (spicy rice cake with assorted seafood and gochujang), Seafood and Scallion Pancake, LA galbi (grilled beef ribs and mushrooms), Bulgogi (marinated sirloin slices with onions and mushrooms). My favorites were the japchae and the bulgogi, both packed with flavor. The flavor of the galbi was good as well, but the meat was a little chewy. Drinks here are not good. The cocktails are sickly sweet, and the wine is really cheap. I'd recommend skipping drinks altogether, or sticking to a beer.Wouldn't mind coming back and trying some of their other menu items (especially those octopus noodles)!
#REVIEW#I finally found my favorite authentic Korean restaurant in NYC!! I cannot speak more highly of this place, every dish was on point. I felt truly comforted by the food at this place. So far I've tried the biji jjigae, kimchi biji jjigae, dakgalbi, house tofu stew, and octopus bulgogi dish. If you are undecided, please please please try either of the biji jjigae -it is phenomenal. It's a dish you want in a cold windy day. The restaurant makes the tofu, which is apparent in how it looks and tastes. All of the dishes are flavorful but not overwhelming. The octopus bulgogi dish was definitely on the spicier end but the delicious kind of spicy. It pairs well with the plain stews. The dakgalbi didn't disappoint either. Dakgalbi is one of my favorite Korean dishes but I am always hesitant to order it at restaurants because it is always more sweet potatoes or veggies than chicken. The chicken is often very fatty and I always hated that! But this dakgalbi was so clean and just the right amount of chicken and veggies. On top of the delicious food, staff are super friendly and attentive!! There are wait times at peak dinner hours but my party of 3 was seated 10 minutes after being told it will be a 20 minute wait. The wait is definitely worth it! I didn't get to try their lunch specials but they also seem like a great deal. Lunch special is Monday to Friday from 12PM-2:45PM!
