#NAME#Rex
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/rex-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#coffee,sandwiches,bakeries#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Tiny little Hells Kitchen coffee shop. Have been going here for the past two weeks. Coffee is cheap with a "to stay" cup costing under $2. The other drinks are reasonably priced, as are the pastries.The place really is really very tiny and the line is generally out the door at peak hours, which owes to its popularity with the hospital crowd. You can take your "to stay" cup outside if you want, which I've frequently been doing. If you can snag a spot at one of the two tables, its a great place to work, but only one outlet I could find.
#REVIEW#I'm pretty disappointed... today I ordered 2 brioche sandwiches but when I came home the sandwiches were made with this flimsy white bread. I tried calling the store about it, but the girl on the phone tried to flip it on me and tell me that brioche is white. Girl... brioche is brown... I've ordered this sandwich multiple times before and had no problem. I'm disappointed in the customer service today because normally it's really good. She also claimed she couldn't give me a refund because I needed to come in and swipe, but I've used Square machines before and I know that a swipe isn't needed...I hope she didn't lie to me and I hope next time she doesn't try to tell the customer they're wrong. Best wishes that they improve in the future
#REVIEW#Tucked on a nondescript corner of W57th and 10 avenue, lies this heavenly gem Rex. Came here with a friend from out of town for a quick brunch at ~12pm. Boy was it packed! We ordered 2 foot-long cuban sandwiches ($10, these are to DIE for), one large iced tea ($3), and one iced mocha ($5). Total bill came to $28 tax and tip no included.AMBIANCE:Rex is a trendy coffee shop, but they also make breakfast options such as breakfast burritos. Shop is quite small, as they only have two tables that can seat about 5 people each, making total seating occupancy at 10 patrons. This gem does get packed so beware!PROS:Cuban sandwich is imo the best in the city! They toasted their bread to a nice crisp, splatter a healthy dose of mustard and mustard inside, lather it with a few pieces of pickles, and in between these two golden brown crisps of a bread they put in sliced pork belly and cuban ham/jamon! The meat was so tender and juicy, and the jamon adds a ton of smokiness to the sandwich. You can still hear the crackling sounds of the bread when you press against it, clearly telling us that they make their cuban sandwiches on the spot!Best part is, this sandwich is massive! As a foot-long, it definitely filled me up, and it only cost $10! Drinks were good to. The iced tea comes unsweetened to my liking thus you can adjust the sweetness level based on your own preferences. Ice mocha had a good balance of coffee and milk, and also comes unsweeteened like your typical coffee you order from any shop. Staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and granted my request by taking time out of their busy lunch line to refill the water station.OVERALL:Highly recommend Rex and their cuban sandwiches! Best deal for the best flavors you can get in Manhattan!
#REVIEW#Rex is my place to stave off a hangover, to read a book when it's raining, or when I have nothing better to do and I want to have an hour-long conversation with my friends.Seating space is limited to two tables with communal seating, but there always seems to be a spot that opens up while your latte is prepared. It's always comforting to sit and enjoy a coffee with your fellow residents of Hell's Kitchen. Very relaxed vibe.I'm a big fan of their breakfast sandwiches (with salsa verde) and the Cubanos. I'm going to buy a Rex mug to use at home too.
#REVIEW#Rex is the most delicious breakfast option by Mt Sinai West. Do you and your loved ones a favor and swap out the sad hospital food for a chorizo burrito or bacon egg and cheese of gourmet quality. Not a lot of seats, prices are fair for Manhattan but highway robbery elsewhere.
#REVIEW#A delicious, albeit incognito shop. It can be easy to miss if you don't keep your eyes open. Service was fast, cold brew was incredibly tasty. My aunt got a latte and it was very creamy. We came back 2 days in a row and I'd def. hit it up if I were in the area. Solid coffee shop, for sure!
#REVIEW#Good cozy space to work with large windows and a couple of large tables with outlets nearby. Though easy to miss as it doesn't have a screaming sign, it surely is a hidden gem worth the find! I love my coffees and I just started having my cup without sugar so if it passes the "no sugar " test it must be top notch and their almond cortado was!
#REVIEW#I finally have a neighborhood coffee shop. I've heard people talk about having one--a place where everyone knows your name or whatever. They might not know my name here, but I think they do know that I like the cookies. I hope they do, at least, because I make a point of saying it every time I order one and also make a point of sighing dramatically when there aren't any left. The cookies are best when they are mushy inside, which normally happens when they are fresh out of the oven and haven't been cooked all the way. I'd tell you when this happens, but I haven't figured out the cookie-baking schedule. Coffee is very good, and the lattes are always yummy. Love the mocha as it doesn't taste sickly sweet. They have oat milk. Here are some comments on the food items I've tried:Blueberry muffin: Not too sweet, blueberries taste fresh even though they are all cooked up.Banana bread: Best I've ever had. No exaggeration! Packed with real bananas, soft without tasting over-buttered. I dream about this. They had a loaf with chocolate chips once, and I almost died eating it (in a good way). Egg sandwiches: Reasonably priced. Eggs cooked to perfection. The brioche buns are excellent. The cheese is what really makes these. I recommend bacon over sausage and adding avocado with the cheese. It would be great to have a turkey bacon or sausage option for those who don't eat pork. Cookies: I have one almost every day with a drip coffee, so there must be something to them. Only thing is that they are better some days than others, but they are never, ever BAD. My friend loves the cowboy cookie (peanuts, oats, chocolate), but I am more traditional and tend to stick with the regular chocolate chip.
#REVIEW#Brunch is a battlefieldand we, mere foot soldiers.No reservations on a Saturdayfor egg sandwiches and pour-overs.We wandered the streetsthe scent of syrup enticing.But we were met with long linesor extravagant menu pricing.We cried maple tearsas our stomachs howled furiously.We checked Yelp once more,scrolled desperately and curiously."Rex!" someone exclaimed"They have a breakfast menu!"We hurried to our destinationwhich proved a small but cozy venue.We ordered cheesy eggs on brioche,oat milk lattes all around,sat at one of two communal tables,happy with this place we had found.The sandwiches arrived quickly,and, dear reader, I must pause,I cannot put into proper wordshow good my sandwich was.Buttery, flakey brioche,that gooey, salty cheese.The first bite was pure heaven,nearly brought me to my knees.So if you want the perfect breakfast,skip past those over-hyped places.Bring your friends to Rex insteadand put egg sandwiches in their faces.
#REVIEW#I've been going to the gym nearby for more than a year but I never realized that Rex existed until recently. It's a cozy cafe with indoor seating for around eight people maximum. When people aren't hogging the seats with their laptops, the big tables serve everyone well. Coffee here is pretty good and I liked their iced latte the most. The chocolate chip cookie is just ok. As you can assume from the name, cafe mascot is a dinosaur and you can find a few in the cafe. Looking forward to getting many more after workout caffeine in the future!
#REVIEW#Sandwich was very tasty- I got the brioche bun with cheese, ham and tomato- but pretty plain feeling. Oat milk iced latte was great- would recommend. However, at 10am on a Sunday morning, the place was packed! We were standing shoulder to shoulder with the people next to us and had to wait a solid 15 minutes for our food.
#REVIEW#We moved out of the neighborhood after 5 years living here and when I came back to visit NYC, Rex was our first stop! Great little coffee shop, yummy breakfast sandwiches, always dependably well made (and cute) lattes. They've also added plant-made straws to the mix which is appreciated. Love Rex.
#REVIEW#Rex is by far the most dependable, consistent, and quality coffee house around Hells Kitchen. The baristas have been there for years and the (minimal) food offerings are solid. A breakfast sandwich and a latte are always a favorite way to start an easy Saturday.
#REVIEW#I love this coffee shop! They have excellent sandwiches! I have tried a couple and they have been very very good! Try to get there early to get their breakfast sandwich with the egg,cheese and Avocado! They sell out pretty fast! The coffee is also very good, although a little on the pricey side! I love their mushroom-gruyere knish that they have at the moment. It is delicious.
#REVIEW#Rex, you got me at hello. There are only a few really good coffee, pastry, and sandwich shops on this part of the west side of manhattan, and this may be one of the top ones. Hypes:- Muffins - hot DAMN, the best blueberry muffin I have ever had in my life. Like every bite you take has at least one or two blueberries in it that are the large, sweet, juicy kinds. Their banana bread is also delicious - i haven't gotten to get past these two sweet things in my mouth to even try to explore others - but I'm sure those are great- breakfast sandwich - if you're there for breakfast - just get one. its one of the best I've had also. properly cooked egg, with a slightly runny middle, surrounded by a delicious hot sauce, crisp bacon, and perfectly toasted bread. Pricey, may take a little time, but worth it.- coffee - most places do coffee OR food good, but this does both. get anything. Gripes:- limited seats - those laptop nerds are always in here so its hard to get a seat in here - and they rarely look up for you to get in.- stairs to get in - hard with a mom and a stroller, but usually you can haggle someone to help you in and out and another person to open the door for you - its actually so good inside its worth the effort. otherwise - id walk the other way...
#REVIEW#I went to Rex because it's near by my boyfriends apartment, and I read the reviews before hand. The food looked delicious and I needed to try it. My boyfriend and I walked 10 blocks to get these breakfast sandwiches and it was well worth it. I got a ham, egg and cheese on a brioche. It was one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. Definitely top 5! On the down side, place is super small and they don't have a lot of seating so we had to walk back to enjoy our sandwiches. But it was definitely worth it. Would highly recommend.
#REVIEW#Rex is truly a diamond in the rough and I'm so glad I found it. This small, local café has Brooklyn-y vibes and I didn't expect to see a place like it in the middle of Hell's Kitchen. I went here for breakfast with a friend on a Saturday morning, and it was a good sign seeing a line formed to the door. I passed on their famous breakfast sandwiches and instead got a yummy vegan date bar, which was delicious. It tasted healthy in the best way possible - super wholesome with lots of oats and other good stuff. Also paired this with a regular iced coffee that tasted amazing. The place only has a couple of tables inside so we ended up sitting on the ledge outside (as were some others) - not unexpected for a weekend morning at any place with great food. Definitely worth going here if you're in the area and want a quick coffee or pastry!
#REVIEW#We stopped at Rex right after checking into our hotel which was right around the block, and were happy to find it. The line wasn't too significant and we ordered pretty quickly. They have a great selection of breakfast sandwiches that all sound super tasty, and it seems like they have regulars in there based on the conversations some of the employees were having while we waited for our food. The sandwiches were pretty pricey, but I was really happy with the size of it, so the quality balanced it out well. I would definitely stop at Rex next time I'm in town - as long as I have some extra time because they were pretty busy and the wait time for the sandwich was 10+ minutes. The employees were all pretty friendly and the atmosphere was a perfect little coffee shop.
#REVIEW#Think this place should come with a warning: waiting for the egg sandwich will take about 30 minutes out of your day. Also, it is hideously expensive, but luckily (?) I've become largely immune to the meaning of money after living here for so long. With that said, yes this was Top 3 best egg sandwiches I've ever had. My anger and anxiety that had built up during the wait (my friend and I had an appointment and we were in danger of running late) vanished with the first bite. Not sure how they do it, but they've managed to turn a sausage, egg, croissant sandwich into a True Culinary Experience. In addition to that, they also offer a very solid cup of Counter Culture coffee.Aside from the wait in the very small space, I have no real complaints.
#REVIEW#Really excellent coffee shop. I've been here a few times in the AM for a coffee and egg sandwich. Both are really great! The coffee is delicious and strong. The eggs and bacon are never greasy. Filling but not too filling. A regular hot coffee and egg sandwich with bacon comes to $8.50. It's not exactly fast here, you do have to wait a bit longer than what is probably normal for quick breakfast (10 min maybe?) but honestly I don't mind because it's fresh and piping hot. It's a small shop with 2 communal tables with 6 stools at each. Try it!
