#NAME#Union Square Cafe
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/union-square-cafe-new-york-8?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,cafes,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#My sister brought the six of us here for our mother's birthday and we had a lovely dinner! We couldn't get reservations but luckily, the host gave us a table at 6pm if we were able to finish by 7:30pm. We gladly took it! Food - 5 stars. The dry aged steak was amaaazing and our parents really enjoyed the dish for two and their sides (mashed potatoes, string beans, potato chips). The lamb my sister got was incredibly tender and my husband really loved his roasted berkshire pork chop. Really excellent job on the flavor and texture, and apparently the pig's pure heritage runs back to the 1950s! The pesto mushroom polenta was also a superstar- rich and creamy, although my mom called it baby food lol.DESSERT WAS WOW! we devoured the smore, the fried banana with ice cream and the chocolate dessert. We were supposed to go to for dessert elsewhere but no one regretted it. Get the dessert there!Food - 4 stars. I had the halibut and was a tad disappointed. I've had halibut where it's juicy and it literally flakes off - but it was a tad over cooked and a little too firm for my liking. The red sauce was very good though. The ricotta gnocchi was also underwhelming out of the apps we had... not too flavorful. Calamari was okay.Service- 5 stars stellar! Our waiter Bob was so patient as we figured out what to order, and everyone was courteous and quick when changing our plates and clearing the table for the next course. Bob also brought out desserts with a candle for my mom and she glowed with happiness. Thanks Bob for your amazing service and making her evening special!
#REVIEW#Wow a fantastic lunch today with 6 coworkers. Split Pea Pod Salad, grilled Halibut and amazing Sorbet (rhubarb, strawberry and mango)!Service was top notch and the best balance of table spacing and curated decor.Our one day in and out trip to NYC from Chicago created great restaurant memories!  Host stand could be lead in any Broadway show- lots of personality!  Final nod goes to the kitchen!   Thank you!!
#REVIEW#Excellent ambiance for meal with family and friends. We had brunch and it was perfect for being able to have a conversation without undue noisy background music. Food was filling - two of us had lamb ragu and neither of us able to finish it.
#REVIEW#Don't let the word "cafe" fool you into thinking it's an actual cafe like it did to me. It's anything but! As soon as you walk in, you'll realize it's actually quite the nice restaurant. Wonderful decor and friendly people greet you immediately.I made a reservation and got seated immediately. The place was cute, could serve as a date night out. We were seated on the top floor and got a complete overview of the restaurant. I asked the server what he recommended and he said Berkshire pork chops, which I went with. We also got the seared scallops and the warm garlic potato chips.The chips came out first. Honestly, slightly lackluster. I don't know what I was really expecting, but it definitely wasn't some re-fried kettle chips. The taste was decent, but not worth the price ($9)The porkchops and seared scallops came out next. After the first cut and bite, I realized the server made a fantastic suggestion. It was tender, juicy and flavorful. Don't recall the last time I had porkchops like this. The seared scallops was also pretty good. For dessert, we had the s'mores pavlova. At first, I thought all we got was a giant roasted marshmallow. But once you crack it open, there is graham cracker ice cream on top of molten chocolate cake. Extremely delicious, chocolate cake wasn't overly sweet. Overall, definitely a spot one should visit if nearby and unsure what to grab for a meal.
#REVIEW#Went to Union Square Cafe on the weekend of my birthday and it was incredible! My girlfriend and I had the idea to make a reservation after having a great dinner at another Danny Meyer restaurant, Manhatta. I have to say after the two great experiences we had, it's hard to want to go to non-Danny Meyer restaurants. The dessert and drinks stand out as significantly better than other restaurants. The service is consistent and because there is no tipping, you never have to worry about waiters rushing your table so they can get the next people in, or pushing the most expensive item on the menu. We got a text message the day before the reservation and noted it was my birthday and they gave us one of the best tables in the restaurant. They also gave a complimentary extra dessert, and side dish! Totally unexpected but much appreciated!I will say we were probably the youngest people in the restaurant (we're in our early 30s), but I don't care - a great experience is a great experience. The fixed price menu is a very good value at only $68 a person including tip. Where else in New York can you get a full New York Strip plus appetizer and dessert for that price? I also think the portion sizes we better than Manhatta (but Manhatta has a killer view).We ordered:Oysters - my girlfriend liked these, unheard of to have Oyster on fixed price menu. Warm Octopus & Spicy Sausage Salad - this was delicious. Highly recommend ordering!Ricotta Gnocchi - above average, get if you like Gnocchi.Grilled NY Strip Steak - solid steak for the price, not going to beat Wolfgangs, but I enjoyed it.Grilled Snapper - my girlfriend also enjoyed this.Fried Brussels Sprouts, Colatura - also complementary, and better than other restaurants where I've ordered fried brussels.S'mores Pavlova - Fantastic dessert, I didn't order and waiter brought it out anyway. Turned out to be my favorite thing we got here!Citrus Tart - good, but skippable.Sorbet - above average sorbet.Overall, I will definitely be back, and recommended Union Square Cafe for a great night out.
#REVIEW#The names are so fancy here, so I apologize for not remembering everything I ordered. It was all amazing either way! Service was very attentive, My water cup was never empty. Also you don't have to tip, it's including in the price! This place is very nice, more on the expensive side. I loved my experience here and will be back!
#REVIEW#Danny Meyer is great.. but this spot didn't do it for me. While the atmosphere was pleasant, the service was very slow. Courses were painfully spread out and we had to ask multiple times for the check. The food was fine- but not worth the prices. I'll call out a lowlight and highlight as far as dishes... Mesclun and Sweet Potato Salad ($24)- This Salad was ok... but for $24 I expected to have more than 4 small bites of sweet potato Rabbit pappardelle ($29)- The savior dish... Definitely the best thing we ordered. Sides were good, but not overly exciting. Desserts were quite good, but very small. Overall it was not a very memorable experience.
#REVIEW#Better than I expected! I hadn't heard of this place and came for brunch expecting mediocre, overpriced food but that was not the case! The food was good and the restaurant is pretty upscale, definitely not your average brunch spot (classic white tablecloths and napkins, etc) The brunch menu is pretty extensive with classics as well as unique items. I ended up ordering the house gravlax, which is not what I expected (it was deconstructed and came with Flatbread in cracker form) but it was still tasty nonetheless. On of my friends ordered the burger, which was huge and looked delicious. Overall, union square cafe is a good choice if you're looking for a fancy/classy brunch spot (as opposed to trendy or cute). Food and service is good and although it is slightly pricier than average, it is a non-tipping restaurant!! (Amazing, I know)
#REVIEW#Solid brunch spot. The service is really good, the duck fat tater tots are awesome, and the baked eggs are fantastic.Really easy to get reservations; I'd definitely go back to try out their other meals.
#REVIEW#34 years after it opened its doors, Union Square Cafe still shines. Came here on a date with my girlfriend for a special evening and was amazed by the service and the spectacular food. USC is very well reputed for its wine list and rightly so, it was a huge book that we were a little intimidated by, but were well guided through by the sommelier. My girlfriend selected a red, La Fage, a very tasty 2015 French Malbec, which paired well with our food and I would highly recommend. We started with bibb lettuce salad with sourdough croutons and gruyere - a relatively light dish with pleasantly spongey croutons - and polenta with cheese, mushroom and pesto, a stupendous, although very rich and filling starter. We also tasted the USC renowned flourless ricotta gnocchi, and delicious mushroom bombolini. Our fabulous waitress, Tara, was a key to our enjoyment of the meal, making incredible recommendations and keeping close watch over us. Her humor and professionalism helped elevate the experiance to be as wonderful as it was.One such suggestion was for the Candele pasta, a perplexing but tasty mix of carrots, chilis, and yoghurt. I tried the mushroom risotto with venison loin and huckleberries with a side of fried Brussels sprouts. These dishes were good, but we both agreed that the appetizers and desserts were what really impressed us. For dessert we had a citrus tart with white truffle and chai ice cream and the smores pavlova. The dark rich chocolate of the smores pavlova was perfectly complimented by bright tangy notes of the fruit in the other dish. The citrus tart's chai ice cream was very impressive and delicate, though we weren't sure if the white truffle added that much to the dish. The smores pavlova was a masterpiece - breaking open the pavlova revealed a delicious chocolate lava cake, and the whole thing had a complex, chocolatey flavor of which I've tasted no parallel. We had a little too much food in at the end but they packed everything up for us and off we went, painfully full and overwhelmingly happy, into the manhattan night.
#REVIEW#Great service. Great food. Super long and impressive wine list. My friend and I opted for the 3 course options and added on caviar tater tots (not eligible to be included in the 3 course deal but so worth it and my favorite part of the night). Everything was delicious from the polenta to the spiced chicken and the snapper. All the food was very ~ melt in your mouth ~. My friend also got a pasta dish that he devoured. I'll definitely make sure to add on pasta to my meal next time. The wine connoisseur they had walking around was super helpful with helping us peruse through the 90+ page wine list. Or server was so attentive and great, even as the couple sitting next to us was having a full on break up!Great Danny Meyer spot. Nice but fairly casual. Definitely recommend.
#REVIEW#Don't order the halibut if they're busy.Union Square Cafe must have been having a bad night.  Maybe too many staff had called in sick that day.  Given their reputation and Danny Meyer mythology, I do hope they were just having a bad night, because I'm a big fan of Danny Meyer Restaurants normally.We wheeled in our 2 week old twins to sleep next to us while we ate.  The table next to us looked pissed.  We said, don't worry, they're newborn, they just fed, they will sleep silently for the next 3 hours.  Table next to us said, oh no problem, they were just annoyed that staff had been ignoring them for 20 minutes and they were hungry.  About 20 minutes later, we knew exactly what they meant.  Long story short, I ordered the halibut, after waiting 20 minutes to flag down a very busy waiter (to be honest, someone else flagged her down because she always succeeded in avoiding eye contact), and waiting another 20 minutes during which I became famished and annoyed.  Funny that you can be so ignored by staff while having them repeatedly elbowing my postpartum wife and once having one spill a stack of menus on her with nary a "whoops, sorry".So... the fish was dry. So dry, that the bottom bit would pry off, but the top layer tried remained one monolithic piece type of dry.  I think it was just under some heat lamp for 20 minutes.  Maybe they realized because they over doused the top with romesco, but that didn't compensate but instead overpowered and was too salty.  In another situation, I would have sent the fish back, but I couldn't afford to wait another 20 minutes because, you know, I was famished and our twins were a countdown timer.The white beans under the overly dry fish were delicious though.I'm not saying that I necessarily would have gotten better food and better service ordering a Filet-o-Fish at McDonalds, but I probably would have gotten far better value.
#REVIEW#Lucky for us we had a friend who used to work there so we received all the special treatment. When we got there we received cocktails, from there we had appetizers consisting of the frito misto, oysters, beef carpaccio which were all amazing! From there we had the pappardelle ny steak, frascatelli, and roasted quail. I loved my pasta it was soooo good. Then we move on to desert we had the s'mores pavlova and the sticky toffee pudding and they were all soooo good. Really amazing desserts the s'mores had the perfect crunch to it everything was so good and the servers  the service everything was exceptional! I'm so happy I was able to have this experience it was wonderful they wouldn't stop feeding us I wish I could if ate everything but I was stufffffed Also I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant and the vibe it has just all the New York feels
#REVIEW#All the Danny Meyer restaurants I've frequented Green River in Chicago, Grammercy Tavern) are stylish, elegant, sophisticated, comfortable, approachable, welcoming and serve interesting, creative tasty food. Union Square Cafe is no exception.The other notable feature is the fabulous team of best in class professionals working there. All of my experiences with with his service teams have been exceptional and this visit was more of the same.We walked in without a reservation looking for a four top on a busy Friday afternoon and the host found a way of getting us seated.  The food was solid but my food experiences at his other restaurants were more memorable and thus to me a better value.The desserts are not to be missed. Big fan!
#REVIEW#We hadn't been to Union Square Cafe for about 5 years but always held it in really high regard and considered it as one of our top 10 go-to spots in the city for a special meal.This time the atmosphere and service were fine but the food was underwhelming to everyone in our group. One person got the lamb shank and it was presented as sliced medallions for some reason rather than still on the bone. It was good but far from great. Another person got the roasted chicken and it was as unpleasant to the eye as it was to the palette...a very disappointing dish. Another person in our group got the soft shell crabs and didn't finish them because they were just not delicious rather than because they were full.I'm not happy having to write a review like this for a Danny Meyer institution like Union Square Cafe, but the bar needs to remain high to earn the accolades and everyone in our group of 6 was disappointed with the food on this visit. Don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
#REVIEW#Really excellent!Enjoyed the exquisite "tater tot" appetizer, which was a fried potato cube with duck fat, topped with caviar and crême fraiche.  My dinner was a lovely pappardelle with rabbit.  Dessert knocked it out of the park, a S'mores-inspired dish with egg white crust, filled with molten chocolate and something like ice cream. Cocktails were wonderful. Total 5 star dining.
#REVIEW#Loved the decoration here, but the food is a hit or miss - there are really nice dishes, but some are a bit meh. The Bread & Butter was really nice - bread was super moist and the butter was super smooth and luxurious with a sprinkle of sea salt. The Fritto Misto and Anson Mills Polenta was also super amazing! However, the Frascatelli wasn't so great. It was too salty and the peas were super hard because they were under cooked... Good thing the Spiced Chicken was absolutely beautiful, despite it being super thick, it's so juicy while the skin was super crispy! Wish they could make every dish the same standard because I would definitely come back for the good dishes (and hopefully can try out some other dishes)!
#REVIEW#Gosh, we were so looking forward to our annual trip to NYC and our night at Union Square Cafe! We brought our 17 year-old son after prepping him about the service and the overall experience promised by Danny Meyer restaurants. I hope tonight was the exception rather than the rule, but we were sorely disappointed. We were greeted warmly and seated right away, but we sat for over 10 minutes before we received water and then at least 10 minutes  more for our drink orders to be taken. The waiter wanted to take our food order at the same time, but we said we'd rather have a glass of wine while we peruse the menu.  We ordered our meals, received our appetizers and ate them. When we were finished, our waiter took our plates and we both ordered another glass of wine. Immediately after taking our appetizers, our main courses arrived. Our wine arrived 10 minutes later, and our son's Coke never arrived. While we were being forgotten, the table for 8 behind us ate and drank three magnums of wine and saw our waiter constantly. We know this because every time he came by we had to move in so they could serve them. We were bumped no less than 5 times before our entrees came and another 3-4 times before dessert. Our food also did not meet our expectations. I had the halibut and it was delicious, but the beans were undercooked and flavorless. Our son had the entree-sized tagliatelle, and the sauce was watery and orange The scallops were delicious. For dessert, the waiter surprised us with a free rhubarb dessert with cashews as a thank you for the harassment by the table behind us. It was delicious, but our son couldn't eat it as he has a tree nut allergy (disclosed via text before we arrived and to our waiter when we ordered).Maybe our expectations were too high, but we so look forward to eating at USC, Gramercy Tavern or Maialino on our trips to the city, but after tonight's meal we may have to find the next great service-oriented, delicious restaurant.
#REVIEW#Totally loved dinner! Now it's a no tipping establishment which makes it much easier to figure out the bill. I came here recently for an early-ish dinner. Everything on the menu looked so good that we opted for a the prix fixe of appetizer, entree and dessert for $68 and added on the pasta for an additional $20. Keep in mind that the menu does change seasonally. I started with the scallops crudo which was flavorful and light. I tried my friends' polenta and Bibb salad and they were delish as well. I ordered the pappardelle with duck ragu for my pasta and it was so delicious. The pasta was so fresh and not too thick. Side note: next time I'm for sure getting the gnocchi because I've never had such a fluffy gnocchi. Stole one from my friend and it's heavenly. Now here comes the curve ball. I ordered the mushroom risotto knowing full well that I'm not a fan of venison. I questioned the waiter many times and he assured me it was not game-y. I trusted him and I'm so glad I did. The venison was very tender and tasted more like the red wine sauce. I prefer my risotto to be a bit more soft so the rice to me felt a bit undercooked. As for the dessert, the banana tart was very yummy and the perfect sweet ending to an incredible meal. Highly recommend!!!
#REVIEW#Have always wanted to come here, finally did. Reservation for Sat night via Resy. It was bustling, reservations strongly recommended.Bread and butter - two thumbs upRicotta gnocchi - looks fluffy but pretty cheesy/creamy. Interesting to try once, wouldn't get it again. I really like how you can get a smaller portion as an app.Seared foie gras app - two thumbs upDry aged rib eye for two - I got this was just ok. Wouldn't get again.Baked Alaska - not as exciting as it sounds, but the flavors were interesting.Service: top notch as one would expect.Ambience: toasty.Would definitely come again but unlikely because there are so many other places I want to try!
