#NAME#Shu Jiao Fu Zhou Cuisine Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/shu-jiao-fu-zhou-cuisine-restaurant-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#We tried Shu Jiao Fu Zhou this week while in NYC based on other Yelp reviews. It was excellent and did not disappoint. Everything we tried was excellent and very cheap!  A new sign on the building would be nice as it doesn't say  Shu Jiao Fu Zhou outside, unless I missed it? FYI It's the place on the corner. Peanut noodles and dumplings were so simple but so tasty. 3 of us ate lunch for $15 and we were full. Go try it!!
#REVIEW#Where else can you get dishes for $2.50 each?Wheat Noodles with Peanut Butter Sauce- Make sure you mix the sauce into the noodles before eating! I love how light and flavorful the noodles were without being too peanut buttery. ($2.50)Pork & Chive Dumplings- Some of the best steamed dumplings I've ever had. Perfect texture and taste. ($2.50)Just a heads up, try to avoid sitting directly under the AC. There were no other seats available when I got there. My food was getting cold too quickly, so I ended up moving my seat right when another one opened up.
#REVIEW#This is where you go to get cheap, no frills food, you really should stop by here.I've been here a couple times now because we don't really go down to Chinatown too often, but had to trek here to get our eat on. We went on a mini food tour and this was one of our stops so we just ordered a couple items to share. We, of course, got the peanut wheat noodles and the pork and chive dumplings. I really wanted to love the peanut noodles because I just love peanut butter and peanuts in general, but both times I wasn't too, too impressed, BUT also was not expecting anything crazy amazing. I didn't let my expectations get too high, but kept them where they should be for any restaurant. The price is also very low ($2.50), so I wasn't mad that they were different from what I thought they would be like. The texture is definitely great though. However, the pork and chive dumplings are a different story. They were great the time before and they were great this time as well. The skins are thin and still hold up well without ripping apart or just disintegrating in your mouth. They impart a great texture and chew. The filling is really well seasoned, flavored and super delicious. I wanted to order another 10 ($3.50) of these, but still had a lot of other places to try out, otherwise I would have just stayed here the rest of the day until I exploded from stuffing myself with these dumplings.A couple things to note is that there is limited seating, so either try to get here on off hours/days or come on a nice day if you don't mind walking around outside to find an acceptable place to sit down and eat. Another thing to note is that it is cash only (albeit you won't need much cash to spend here with these prices).I would definitely come back for those pork and chive dumplings and I would also be willing to try the peanut noodles again maybe with the dumpling sauce and a little sriracha on top?? (I want to love them so badly!)
#REVIEW#If you want to go to value town and quickly, this is the place to go. They're known for their peanut sauce noodles which are simple, chewy, and bursting with flavor. No meat, but a load of noodles. Pork and chive boiled dumplings. "Standard" tasting dumplings, but you get 10-12 dumplings for very few dollars.Got the tendon, beef, veggie soup (can't remember the exact name) and it was fairly light in flavor and the most expensive thing I got. By expensive, I mean $4.Grand total for all dishes? 10 bucks. In New York? Sign me up!Don't come in here expecting fancy Asian food with a large menu. Get the first two things and leave happy!
#REVIEW#Yelp deleted my original review because they don't want me to keep it real with ya'll. Heres take two, because: It's my party and I'll cry if I want to: These are my favorite dumplings in Manhattan. They're plump, flavorful, have a thin skin & best of all, still cheap. Like my friend, cAnaL's mumDepending on time of day, the wait and table availability can be challenging. This is because the invaders read food apps and have come in waves. Are you one of them, bro ? If only my rent was still as cheap as these dumplings. Yeah, that's your fault too. It closes early, so no post bar buffet, brougham. Interior setting is early 90s Chinatown chic. I suppose I should tell you the noodles and soups are damn good, but I won't. But, they are. Bonus points for the good service. Basically, ignore this review. Thanks.
#REVIEW#Honestly the best pork and chive dumplings I've ever had in the city. The skin is so thin and the filling is generous. Their dumplings are sooo flavorful and what's even better is the price -- $2.50 for 5 dumplings and 3.50 for 10 dumplings. Even though this place may be more known for their peanut noodles, their dumplings are what you MUST get here. However, I liked their peanut noodles as well! It's a little bit bland if you don't mix the noodles well with the sauce though. I also tried their meatball wonton soup and I loved how I could taste the rich meat flavor from the soup. The meatball wontons were also very chewy and yummy! I would definitely come back here for a quick bite or if I'm craving really good dumplings. It reminds me of those local food places in Taiwan or China and makes me feel very nostalgic!
#REVIEW#This was my 2nd time here. Vanessa's will get all the yelp hype, but this gem right next door is the hole in the wall/ real deal. Shu Jiao is the mom and pop shop that makes authentic dumplings. Growing up, I've made dumplings with my grandma and this environment and taste definitely makes me reminisce. Definitely get the pork and chives dumpling which costs only $4 for 10!!! Unheard of in New York. My brother ordered the peanut noodles last time, he really liked it, but I thought it was okay. This place is cash only and be aware that you'll receive your food in paper plates. I'll be back whenever I feel homesick or missing my grandma's cooking.
#REVIEW#If I were to compare their pork chives dumpling to a car, it'll still be a Ferrari. Why?Because a Ferrari does not need any advertising
#REVIEW#This place made me fall in love with dumplings. I truly have never had better dumplings in NYC than at Shu Jiao Fu Zhou. Their wonton soup is also super good and cheap, but the wontons are mini wontons and the meat part is truly very mini. I also loved their peanut noodles. I'm still thinking about the delicious pork and cabbage dumplings I had here.Overall, this place is so amazing and so cheap and I'll definitely be back. I might even buy their frozen dumplings to make at home. Cash only! Limited seating, but DELICIOUS AND CHEAP.
#REVIEW#Every time we came to the neighborhood we will try to come to eat here. Cheap and delicious food!! If you don't mind they only have tables for people to share and want to taste something delicious, recommend this place!
#REVIEW#I am so happy I discovered this place. $4 for amazing noodles?! SOLD. You must try their peanut sauce wheat noodles, it's not that heavy but just has an amazing unique flavor. And it's freakin $4. Add sriracha and it's just heaven. If only San Francisco had these prices for amazing food :(
#REVIEW#IT'S NOT JUST NOODLES. My friend and I were wondering around Chinatown looking for some dinner on a weekday. As we walked past this restaurant, someone walked out and said, "Go. They have the best dumplings". We were somewhat doubtful and boy were we WRONG. We ordered dumplings, wonton soup, noodles with peanut sauce, and beef tripe noodles. Everything tasted amazing. The wontons are pretty small, but for that price, I didn't mind. All of that came out to $11. We loved the dumplings so much that my friend and I both brought 50 frozen dumplings for $11 to take home. Their soy sauce pairs very well with their dumplings. I think they add some chili to it because there's a little bit of spice. I still can't believe this place exists and I wish I lived closer to it. I will definitely be back if I'm in the area!
#REVIEW#There's a long story behind my love for Noodles with Peanut butter sauce, but we'll keep it short and say that they will always have a tender spot in my heart. The Peanut Butter noodles here are able to envoke some great memories from my childhood for an unbeatable price. The dumplings here are also top-notch and definitely better than Vanessa's dumplings right next door. Wish I had tried the other types of noodles because they looked + smelled delicious!
#REVIEW#First of all, the dumplings are amazing--great taste and great value, especially the pork and chives version. Has a homemade quality to it.Food comes out exceptionally fast. Make sure that you are paying attention when your food is being brought around to the seating area.Deducted a star unfortunately because though this place feels like an authentic hole-in-the-wall, the peanut noodles left a lot to be desired for lack of intensity of flavor and texture. Still, very good for their price! Would return for their dumplings only, both kinds (pork and chives & pork and cabbage).
#REVIEW#Ugly delicious to the max!Not the most appealing setting or comfortable seating but it offers some of the most delicious noodles and dumplings in NYC and at it's very affordable too! I try to stop by whenever I'm in the area. The husband wife team always bings a smile to my face, they are some of the nicest people I've ever meet. The noodles with peanut sauce ($2.5) and pork and chive dumplings are a must try!
#REVIEW#Dingy AF but top notch dumplings. You cannot beat the price. And like someone else said on their review...it's way better than Vanessa's dumpling around the corner.
#REVIEW#Don't get the peanut noodles or the other noodle soups (they were not great and not worth the money). Just get the pork chive dumplings (not the pork cabbage either). BEST $3.50 I have ever spent!!!! You get 10 generously sized dumplings that are so so tasty. When I return to NYC, I would definitely come back to get these dumplings -- they may be the best dumplings I've had; definitely the best for the price. I can not hype this place up enough. Skip Vanessa's Dumplings next door and come here please.
#REVIEW#A no frills, bare bones eatery in Chinatown NYC. Really, there is no aesthetic to the place or anything that would signal a welcoming atmosphere when walking in. It's on a street corner so fairly easy to find. Order and pay at the counter (cash only) before finding a seat. We came on an early evening weekday so there weren't too many people yet, but decided to sit along the window, facing the street. We got the items most people talk about here: Pork & Chive Dumplings ($2) and 2x Peanut Noodles ($2.50). So I actually got the wrong kind of noodle when ordering, but because the steaming food came out so quickly, I didn't want to be that person who sent it back for something else. I feel bad because my companion was also expecting the flat wheat noodle, but what we got was still good with the peanut sauce. The highlight for me would be the dumplings--juicy and chewy and probably some of the best I've had anywhere, especially for that price. The hype is real on the dumplings. It's so crazy cheap that I could go for a larger order next time, and hopefully I'll get the right noodles, too.
#REVIEW#It's a hidden spot that's off a tourist's path. That's what makes this place special. The small menu and quick service makes it a convenient place to get a filling, less than $5 lunch. There's excellent light that comes into the restaurant and small, communal seating. I got the classic thick peanut noodles. They were exactly what you would expect: a perfect balance of peanut and umami. Also a great location to visit other, similar spots for Chinatown classics.
#REVIEW##CheapEats Must try in Chinatown! CASH ONLY!Situated right next to Vanessa's Dumplings, the exterior may deter some passerbyers with a shabby and ordinary storefront without any eye-catching signage. Inside this little corner shop is one of the best dumplings in NYC. How I judge good dumplings, I go by the following criteria: 1. Dumpling filling2. Dumpling skin3. Tightness of the dumpling foldsPORK & CHIVES DUMPLINGS (6pc for $2.50, 10pc for $3.50): Pillowy-soft bundles of goodness. These have perhaps the thinnest dumpling skin that I have ever seen, almost translucent. That is how you know you have a good dumpling chef. You can see the copious amounts of chives in the filling. Just be sure you won't be kissing anybody after these. PEANUT BUTTER NOODLES ($2.50): A staple in Fu Zhou cuisine. Boiled wheat-thin noodles coated with ample peanut butter sauce. The simplistic yet delicious dish brings back childhood memories for me.
