#NAME#Nyonya
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/nyonya-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#asianfusion,malaysian,chinese#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#-malaysian style spare ribs-satay tofu with sauce on the side-delicious unlimited hot tea These items are delicious and low carb! I love Nyonya!
#REVIEW#Came in on Father's Day at around 1 pm for lunch and it was pretty busy. The restaurant is pretty big and there were a few parties waiting. Luckily, we we didn't have to wait for a party of five. We decided to order a bunch of dishes to share. We probably ordered a little too much for five people, but at least we had lunch for the next day. Roti canai - a must-have. So light and fluffy! Perfect way to start the mealRoti prata - a flattened condensed version of roti canai. It tastes pretty similar but is a bit cleaner to eatSatay tofu - one of my go to apps - I love the peanut sauce that it comes topped with. We ordered two of theseBeef rendang - I don't really like stewed beef because it can be chewy, but I loved the sauce. I used it on top of the noodles, which sounds weird, but it was a good combo. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with riceSalted fish fried rice - not the best but not the worst. I probably wouldn't order this againHainanese chicken (whole) - can't go wrong with this, especially with a side of the chicken broth rice, and the special hot sauce the chicken is served withChow Kueh Teow - this one is a classic, so if you're looking for non-spicy stir-fried noodles, this is a good option. The menu says that it's spicy but I didn't taste it at allCrispy chicken salad - skip this. The chicken is SO dry and pretty bland. The only good thing was the crispy skin. Even so, you're better off ordering extra Hainanese chickenSalted fish with eggplant - this was pretty terrible. It was unbelievably salty - it would have been impossible to eat if you didn't have any rice to go with itMalaysian iced coffee - I was afraid this would be all sugar/condensed milk and no coffee, but the coffee flavor was actually really strong so I really enjoyed this.I've been here before a long time ago, but I guess I had forgotten how good it was (certain items. Will be coming back to try some new dishes!
#REVIEW#Food: 4/5   Price: 5/5     Service: 2/5     Ambience: 4/5*** Michelin Guide 2010-2019 ***Homemade Roti Canai / Indian pancake ($3.95) - 5/5. Delicious Malaysian crispy style pancake served with curry dipping sauce. Loved the pancake so much, the best I've had!Nasi Lemak ($8.75) - 2/5. Coconut rice flavored with cloves and screw pine leaves. Served with chili anchovy, pickle, curry chicken with bone and hard boiled egg. A classic dish, didn't really like the sides. Rice was pretty good though. Chow Kueh Teow ($8.95) - 4/5. Malaysian famous stir fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, squid, chive, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce and chili paste.
#REVIEW#Considering how hard it is to find a good and cheap Malaysian restaurant, I would give this place 5 stars.I was rarely disappointed when visiting this restaurant. Really loved their Young Tau foo,  Mi Goreng, and beef rengdang. I also usually ordered Haianese chicken rice to go from here.The chicken noodles weren't that good though. Too bland.Every rice/noodles dish was usually under $10, so it was definitely affordable.CASH ONLY.
#REVIEW#This is a highly recommended restaurant for Malaysian people who staying in USA but miss Malaysian flavor. I love the food that we ordered today. They all taste Malaysian authentic. We have hokkien noodles, hainanese chicken with chicken rice (yellow rice) and Assam laksa. They all taste perfectly good especially the noodles texture were not soft and fresh ingredients. This restaurant owner from Penang. So the laksa prepared as like Penang taste. It was little spicy to me, but still taste delicious to me. The portion here kind decent and come with reasonable price!
#REVIEW#This was my first Malaysian restaurant so I can't really compare it with other restaurants in the city, but I definitely had a fantastic experience here. They have a wide range of menu and most items are illustrated with pictures, so it's really helpful in choosing what you want to get. My friend and I got beef chow fun, seaweed seafood soup with egg, and fried buns with condensed milk. We were all very happy with the food -- each dish was so flavorful, came in big portion, and reasonable price (main dishes are around $12 - $15 and appetizers/ desserts are around $5-$7) I would definitely come back here again to try their other items if I'm around Chinatown. TIP: this place is CASH only!
#REVIEW#I ordered take out from here and was disappointed with what I received. I ordered the Hokkien mee and the Nyonya seafood fried rice. The Hokkien mee was very liquidy and only had shrimp and some pieces of meat with some vegetables. Typically it should contain other seafood ingredients as well. The seafood fried rice had the option of rice that was made in chicken broth which I opted for. It added a nice, different taste but it was very soft in texture. It also included very few pieces of shrimp, squid and maybe some small sliced scallops but there really wasn't much in it besides rice. However, the prices are pretty good and they do give a lot! Maybe the other options on the menu are better and dining in might be better as well so give it a try.
#REVIEW#We treated our grandma to this restaurant on a Saturday night and there was a quick 10 min wait but we were seated fairly quickly considering that they are always quite busy. The food is always amazing here and I like how they change the menu now so there's photos to each of the dishes and you no longer have to guess what you might be getting! All the dishes we got: pearl noodles, lady finger with shrimp, roti (they are huge by the way, plenty to share!), Malaysian spare ribs ( this one was prob the least fav as it was quite hard and not much meat on the ribs) and the hainanese chicken were all amazing. They also have a lot of different selection of drinks which were all yummy too. I took off one star for service as we asked for ice water for our grandma multiple times but it never came. Other wise, still recommend it for the overall food taste ! :)
#REVIEW#Firstly I gave 1 star less because of the nasi lemak. Huge disappointment. It wasn't authentic at all, the nasi (rice) hardly had any Santan taste and that is a huge disappointment for any nasi lemak dish. I wouldn't recommend ordering that dish at all if you know your nasi lemak. Everything else was delicious! The kangkung belacan, prawn mee, assam laksa and hainanese chicken rice. I also enjoyed my teh tarik!
#REVIEW#We kind of ran into this place randomly, it sits next to an Italian restaurant which was very popular on the day we were there. This place does not have many people when we're went for lunch but the food was awesome.We ordered the hai nan chicken and salted fish fried rice.The salted fish fried rice was up to par with many other restaurant but the hainan chicken was one of the best I have ever had. The color was attractive, the chicken was fresh, and the texture was so tender. The flavor was amazing, I don't know how they do it, but definitely worth for every penny that charge you. The price was very reasonable, only around $10 per dish for most of the things.
#REVIEW#3.5*.The price was fair. I tried Hainanese chicken and beef Rendeng. They were large portions with fair prices.Hainanese chicken were plain and fine. Actually it was not my favor. However, beef Rendeng had a curry taste and a heavy spiciness which was good. The overall taste of the food here was mediocre.
#REVIEW#SO GOOD! I had heard about Nyonya from a Southeast Asian friend, so I knew I had to try it. It definitely did not disappoint.Don't forget- this place is CASH ONLY; there are Chase and Capital One ATMs down the block. We ordered:THAI TEA- hard to go wrong with Thai tea, it was sweet and rich, so refreshing with the spicy and salty dishes!NASI LEMAK- a coconut milk rice dish with an assortment of sides including anchovies, peanuts, curry, cucumber, egg, and chili paste. If you like anchovies and other salted things you should give this a try, but for me the taste of the anchovies was too strong. Not a fault of Nyonya, but I just didn't like the type of dish itself.FISH HEAD TOM YUM- This was the standout dish for me. The broth is so flavorful, I would definitely recommend it if you're a fan if Tom yum soup. A little sour and tangy, a little spicy, and the flavor of the fish really complements the broth.ROTI PRATA- Roti is a South/Southeastern flatbread. Chewy and a little crispy- delicious on its own or dipped in the curry provided.Service was prompt and friendly as well. This place is a must try- I will definitely be back soon!
#REVIEW#Tasty dishes for a great price! We came for dinner and ordered Sizzling Yee Mee noodles, the Malaysian Buddhist, and the Roti Telur appetizer. The Sizzling Yee Mee was good. There was a layer of egg at the bottom of the sizzling pan for the noodles to sit on top of. The noodles toward the bottom of the plate were saltier than preferred, but that is because there was a lot of excess bean sauce and bean sauce itself is usually pretty salty. However, I still enjoyed the dish.For a simple vegetable combination plate, the Malaysian Buddhist was also good. The vegetables were cooked just right, and still had a bit of a crunch to them. The dish also included some vermicelli noodles. I thought the Roti Telur was just okay. What made the appetizer good was the curry sauce. The curry probably would taste good with anything though. The egg-filled roti pancake itself had little to no flavor.There are so many menu items, especially noodle dishes, and the pictures of all of them look really good. Something I noticed was that most of their noodle dishes include seafood and/or are cooked with some seafood (e.g. shrimp, squid, etc.) paste.Overall, I thought the food here was great for the price. I enjoyed my dinner, and I definitely see myself coming back again.
#REVIEW#Cash only at this cavernous Malaysian restaurant on the edge of Chinatown. Nyonya is a Tardis-like restaurant, it's so much bigger inside than it looks from the outside so its good for larger groups as well as smaller parties or solo diners. Prices are good, service is swift (I'd class it as efficient rather than friendly but the servers aren't unpleasant). Beer and wine are available and the menu is flipping huge - plenty to choose from here but probably not the best place for vegetarians.Each dish is illustrated on the menu which is helpful if you're not familiar with Malaysian cuisine and there is a daily lunch special of soup, rice and entree for eight or so dollars.I pretty much always order the same things when I come here - what I think of as the 'best of' Malaysian dishes - simply because I like them all so much I rarely feel inclined to order anything else. Roti Canai here is wonderfully light and crispy, and the wee bowl of chicken curry that comes with it is just fantastic. The Chicken Sate Skewers are a generous portion of juicy chicken pieces, perfect for sharing. Hainanese Chicken is the perfect meal for a hot day and again it is well cooked and not dry - you can get a quarter or half chicken and can get all white meat if you wish. Beef Rendang Curry has tender beef chunks in a thick warmly spiced sauce, it may not look pretty but it tastes great - ugly delicious!Portions are generous. If you are looking for a new cuisine to explore Nyonya is your place.
#REVIEW#Our friend suggested to meet for dinner at this place on Tuesday night. Luckily when we arrived at 6:45 there was no wait and we were seated right away. The three of us adults and two young kids shared:1 roti: 5/5 flat bread, what's not to like.2 fluffy roti: 5/5 kids loved this and dipping it in the spicy curry.Hainan chicken half order:  very averge for me. The chicken, ginger sauce, everything was just ok. I am saying that comparing it to Savoy in Monterey park. Chicken noodle soup with shrimp: 5/5 this really hit the spot. The broth and the noodles were perfect.Sampler dish:  a variety of tofu, rolled taro, preserved egg and other stuff. Meh just skip this.Beef rendang:  my search for delicious rendang continues :( don't get me wrong the beef was tender but the sauce just did not have the flavor I was looking for.Nasi lemak:  see my above comment about rendangSalty fish fried rice: 5/5 this was very good and the kids loved itMorning glory: 5/5 wow everyone needs to order this. They make it with some sort of salty fish or spice. Delicious!Overall I would come back. Service was fast and attentive.
#REVIEW#Was here with a few friends for dinner on a Sunday night and this place was packed at around 8:00 pm. This a cash only place and they have an extensive menu.I ordered the Ginger Duck ($13.50) which wasn't that great primarily because there was too much fat on the meat... but once you get rid of that fat everything was very delicious. The duck had good seasoning and the ginger wasn't overpowering at all.We also ordered Clams with Black Bean sauce for the table which were quite forgettable and I definitely won't recommend it.Service was good and quick and food arrived within 25 mins. of us placing an order.
#REVIEW#Could not be more happy with this place!!! After taking a late night Staten Island ferry, we are desperate for some nourishing late night food. Most places in Chinatown were closed or about to close, but not Nyonya! There weren't a ton of people but there was quite a crowd. We ordered and literally the food came right away. Got the Hainan Chicken Rice and the Tom Yum seafood pot, and omg everything was delicious and so affordable. Chicken rice (7.50)The chicken is seasoned the right amount as Hainan chicken is supposed to be. Though I would prefer if the chicken was less mushy. The rice is packed with chicken flavor and was fluffy! Tom Yum Seafood Pot (18.50)Good portion and not stingy on the clams! Amazing combination of mushrooms, tomatoes, and seafood in super flavorful broth, comes with a bowl of rice. It's a bit salty for my taste, but my friend really enjoyed it.CASH ONLY! Don't forget to bring cash!
#REVIEW#I came here for dinner on a Friday night with some friends that never had Malaysian food before so they could have a taste for the first time. I've been to a couple of Malaysian spots in Brooklyn so I had an idea of what to order already. We started each person off with the roti canai which is basically a thin naan bread that comes with a coconut chicken curry on the side to dip. The roti in my opinion was way too thin which made it hard to get a good amount of curry in without ripping out like half of the roti. The curry itself was lackluster in flavor in comparison to what I'm used to having. I was pretty disappointed since it's one of my favorite things to get at Malaysian restaurants.Although the roti was a disappointment, some of the main courses were very redeeming. We decided to get curry mee with shredded chicken, pineapple fried rice, chow keuh teow, beef chow fun, and sizzling beef with black pepper. I would strongly recommend the pineapple fried rice, chow keuh teow, and beef chow fun as my friends and I all agreed that those were the best dishes we ordered. One of my friends didn't think pineapple would work with savory food but immediately changed her mind after having the pineapple fried rice so that def says something!The service here was good, our waiter was quick and attentive considering how packed it was that day. Prices are pretty good here, you can get full without having to spend more than 12-15 dollars a person. This place is definitely worth the try!
#REVIEW#Sub par not as good as the hype got the crab and it was super oily and lacking in flavor
#REVIEW#I used to love coming here more often. Spacious restaurant with lots of seatings. Staff was friendly. Roti: it was okay. Pretty big portion and the curry was pretty good.Indian Mee Goreng: a bit greasy and small portion.Prices are reasonable. Food wasn't as memorable as it was to me though.
