#NAME#Fresco Gelateria
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/fresco-gelateria-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#gelato,icecream,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#OMG I'm shirtless... where did my VEST GOIf this place closes down I'll say where did the BEST GOIf their rivals all close down I'll say where did the REST GOThe best Gelato in New York is found right here at FRESCOIt should be historic, and protected on UNESCOIf it were in England it would be bigger than TESCOIf it were in the 70s it would be big as DISCOCome and get the best Gelato in New York at FRESCOIt's it's so so good good good OMG there's an ECHOSlurp it down and lick it up and then get an ESPRESSOThen let's go to my place and I don't mean for NINTENDOBecause I get so frisky from gelato here at FRESCONo I don't want pure-bred cats, I'll only take a RESCUENo I don't want fancy gated houses, give me GHETTONo I don't want Alfredo, ew, I just want PESTOAnd when it comes to Gelato, please take me straight to FRESCOI wish there was one in Cali and I don't mean MODESTOI wish it was the 60s I wish I could be happy damn now I sound RETROI wish I was like Moby oh wait nobody listen to TECHNOBut if you want Gelato in New York you go to FRESCOI want to steal this Ice Cream damn does that make me a KLEPTOI want to build on their success much like a piece of LEGOI want to go to England just to get some gas at ESSOI want to make your D vanish instantly like hey PRESTOI want to have nice breath hey dude could you give me a MENTOI want to topple corrupt leaders, here's my MANIFESTOI want to kiss your Latin gf, give her lots of BESOSI want to be in commercials just like that English GECKOI want to be in Coldplay and sing songs like Clocks and YELLOWI want to be your date, will you date me, please circle YES/NOI want to be a girl and get with Barbie as a LESBOBut right now all I have is this perfect dessert from FRESCOLiterally one of the best Gelato shops I've ever had in the United States. Nearly as good as my favourite in the whole country - Morano in NH and Boston - and the one that closed down in Houston (Frozen Cafe) which were the absolute top of the tree. Gelato Cup in Houston is also damn good.But Fresco? It's right up there at the top. It's absolutely as good as some of the ones in Italy and I cannot give it a higher compliment than that. Not only gelato perfection, but with average prices for Manhattan, so a bargain really, and some of the best and most generous service you will ever find from some of the nicest people on the whole island.It would get a five-star even if it wasn't the best gelato in town. But this Dilaudid makes every other gelato place in Manhattan in New York City in general really not worth trying.That was supposed to say Gelato, but maybe I'm prescription drug addict, or maybe my voice dictation software is IDK.
#REVIEW#Updated review - place used to be a legit 5.0. #1:They recently added a $4.99 delivery fee to seamless orders out of no where.  If you think I'm going to pay $8 with the delivery guys tip.. you're wrong.  I suspect you are about to lose a TON of delivery biz.  DUMB move by mgmt.2: The croissants USED TO BE PERFECT, always extremely fresh! The last 3x I've ordered they were stale. Get it together!!
#REVIEW#Based on glowing Yelp reviews, we went to get an after dinner gelato. Sadly, the gelato was not very good.A lot has been written on how to spot a good gelato : "from Ada Palmer's Ex Urbe blog : if the gelato is mounded up in huge tall piles, it is not a good sign. Gelato is soft and fluid, and over time it will naturally flow down, like pudding...." There weren't many non vegan fruit flavors to chose from and I had a small cup of stracciatella for $5. The flavor was bland and all what i tasted really were the chocolate chips.Maybe, the flavor I chose was a miss that night and the others are better; I will come back to give it a new try.Btw ,the serving in the small cup looked big but turning the cup gives a better idea of the real size.
#REVIEW#This is the best ice cream in the city and I know my ice creamvery light and I recommend the rose water delish!!!
#REVIEW#I came in on a Sunday night for some post-dinner gelato and was not disappointed. First, their sample spoons are paper, which is great. If you're not going to use washable spoons, paper is the next best thing imo. Second, they pack so, so much gelato into a single that I could barely finish!! You might see the $5 price tag and thing gee, that's a bit expensive for a single. But their single scoops are huge. Gelato is creamy, and delicious.
#REVIEW#Love gelatos, always on the go to find quality gelato in the city. This is a very simple cafe near st.marks.Pro- i actually really like their gelato. Really like the flavors they have (rose water and matcha and chocolate hazelnut are my favs!)- their coffee was okay. Not bad- cute minimalistic interior with a bathroom (bathroom is outside and a little sketchy getting there)- quick serving! Con- its a small place. Not a place to really sit down and eat casually even though you can- their best flavors get sold out by like 6 pm it seems like :( was sad- their coffee can be better...... sorry
#REVIEW#This is hands down my favorite gelato shop in New York. The staff is friendly, and you can sample the flavors. Everything tastes rich and fresh.I loved the cookies and cream, the lemon basil, and the peanut butter.
#REVIEW#We stopped here before going to see Stomp (playing one black over).  The "Nutella" gelato was very good (but I have say that I've had better), and I really loved the rose water gelato, which you don't often find. But the real star of the show was the peach-yogurt gelato, which was better than any peach gelato I've ever had, and far better than any peach yogurt I've eaten.  It is, in fact, in my top-5 gelato list, and the memory of it is making me drool as I write this.Excuse me....I have to go find me a napkin now...
#REVIEW#I get delivery through V 4 Vegan, which offers several Fresco vegan gelatos on their menu. This gelato is ridiculously rich and flavorful! Truly mindblowing. Yum, yum, yum. Peanut butter gelato is now a big thing in our house thanks to Fresco and V 4 Vegan!
#REVIEW#This is my favorite healthy food spot in the east village...however, the have quit making my favorite salad! The detox salad was worth crossing town for and sending Uber eats for.. now that it's off the menu i likely won't be back :(
#REVIEW#Not a bad place, decent for what it is. My kids had the vanilla gelato which they didn't like (but they were expecting ice cream) I thought it was good. My wife had a gluten free "Brownie" which wasn't the best. Tasted like rum raisin or something but appeared to be chocolate brownie. I had a chocolate chip cookie which was average. The cappuccino was very good. Seating is sparse and awkward and if you need to use the bathroom you have to leave the establishment, with a key, go next door down a long hallway and in the basement. The girls working the counter were nice and helpful. All in all not bad experience but wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
#REVIEW#The best gelato place I've been to in NY! I am definitely returning and would recommend!We went around 8:30pm on Thursday night and there were about four other people there seated. They have a large, nice seating area with great decor that we took advantage of. I got the chocolate and strawberry (small size) in a cup. My boyfriend got the stracciatella and salted crumble. The chocolate is definitely dark chocolate. I loved it! they also have a milkier chocolate flavor (double chocolate) and Ferrero flavor (hazelnut flavor). I loved the strawberry so much- super fresh, sorbet, light. My boyfriend liked both his flavors too. Service is 10/10 as well. They offer small baked goods like muffins, wafer cookies, and brownies. They all looked so good! They also do breakfast/ lunch/ coffee/ soup.Update! Went for breakfast today around 12pm on a Sunday. Got cortado (espresso with milk) moussaka (lentils and potatoes topped with bechamel), yogurt parfait (Greek yogurt with strawberries, blueberries, bananas, honey, pecan granola), and ham on ciabatta (ham, tomatoes, greens, mozzarella). The star of the meal was the cortado and yogurt parfait. I will definitely be back for the yogurt. It was the best parfait I've ever had and a great portion! Such fresh fruit and delicious honey. I wouldn't recommend the moussaka, and the ciabatta bread was pretty tough but everything else (seating, ambience, service) was great. Still a 5/5 for me. I'm coming back to try their zucchini bread, and for more gelato!
#REVIEW#I had the ferrero and it was sooo good. It's super creamy. I also tried the peanut butter and that was good too
#REVIEW#PLEASE please please bring back the Genmaicha flavor!!! please
#REVIEW#**this review is for the gelato only!!**This place was a miss for me - when I go out to ice cream or gelato places, i only really go for the interesting flavors, and for some reason none of them here really hit the spot. The lemon basil was too tangy for my taste, the rambas was a little overwhelmingly fruity and a little watery too, and the rose water tasted like milk. I settled on a scoop of the salted crumble, though i still can't really pinpoint exactly what flavor that is. For $5 for a single scoop, I don't think I'd be coming back here.
#REVIEW#I've been running out of ice cream places to try in the city (shocking right?!), but I stumbled upon Fresco Gelateria on Yelp! The great reviews and the unique flavors immediately captured my attention. The staff was really friendly and kept asking if there was anything we wanted to try. I tried the salted crumble and the rose water and ended up ordering a double ($5.50) of the fior di latte and ferrero. The gelato was just alright. The texture was too soft for my liking. After a few minutes of sitting inside, there was already a nice pool of melted gelato. Not sure how it would hold up against the New York summers. The flavors, while interesting, did not shine through. Each one that I tried had a very subtle taste of whatever flavor it was mixed with an almost artificial or stale taste. Overall, Fresco Gelateria is just alright. The staff is friendly and perhaps the other food items are good, but in terms of gelato, there are definitely better places in the city.
#REVIEW#I've never actually had gelato here. Instead, this is my backup brunch place when Veselka's or Orlin inevitably have a wait. The menu here is full of yogurts, porridges, salads, and pastries, and the interior is attractive enough that you can fool yourself into thinking you meant to come here.On my most recent visit, I went for a chia pudding. It came out swiftly, topped with slices of banana. Unfortunately, the apple puree was a little too dominant, and it felt like I was eating a fancy bowl of apple sauce rather than all of the other delicious ingredients.I recommend their lentil salad and their lassi, as well as their tasty teas. I hope to make it back soon for gelato!
#REVIEW#It's shocking that this place isn't as crowded as other frozen treats places like Ten Below or van Leeuwen; the creamy, delicious gelato is comparable, if not better. The seating is comfortable and accessible; I've never walked in without getting a seat within seconds. The service is fast and friendly (tastings allowed! yay), and the serving sizes are amazingly good value. Last time I went, I got 2 flavors in a one dip cup for that price, and it was the perfect amount for four of us to share as we were killing time for a dinner reservation. I love the salted crunch, but honestly all the flavors are fantastic - just depends on what you're in the mood for!
#REVIEW#This gelato is one of the top in NYC !Great texture,consistency ,fantastic changeable flavors .Real fine indulgence.After another visit while trying their avocado bagel they needs to be considered as hidden gem .Fantastic avocado bagel ,better then all I tried around the city .And again the gelato was extraordinare!
#REVIEW#My favorite gelato place in the city...or maybe even in the world. All of the flavors are really good, but I'm a huge fan of the rosewater and the lemon basil - super refreshing, light, but still packed with flavor. If you need a mid-day pick me up, try the affogato - shot of espresso over whatever gelato flavor you want. I recommend the stracciatella or hazelnut for this particular option, because it goes super well with the bitterness of the espresso.The pastries here are also great - the salted caramel brownie was especially decadent and the perfect balance between gooey and chewy.
