#NAME#Bondst
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bondst-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Trendy, delicious, creative, beautifully plated food, excellent service...basically everything you could possibly want from a dining experience. I came here on a weeknight with a reservation for 2 and was immediately seated upon entering. The restaurant itself is dimly lit, trendy like everything else in the general area, and just all in all very NY. The dining experience at the sushi bar was excellent, and the sushi chef is actually the one who takes your order. I was lucky enough to try the grilled baby octopus (amazing, amazing octupus), steamed yuba dumplings, wagyu beef tatki, 24 hr braised kuro buta pork belly, lobster tempura roll, sesame crusted shrimp roll, salmon sashimi, and 2 rolls that were specials that day (believe one was soft shell crab). Everything was freaking delicious, except I would pass on the dumplings. I am NOT a fan of tofu skin and doubt the average visitor here would enjoy it. The octopus and pork belly were particularly memorable. Shoutout to the restaurant for having complimentary edamame. We capped off the meal with the triple chocolate mousse and green tea mille crepe. The mousse was good, but nothing special. The mille crepe was incredible - like Lady M's, but even better. I definitely recommend the cocktails here. I tried the crème rosette and yamamomo framboise, both of which were absolutely delicious. It ended up being a very expensive meal, but you can really fill up if you just order the rolls. For the price, some may prefer a more traditional omakase experience, but my friend and I absolutely loved going the a la carte route and having a mixed of sushi and hot dishes. I wish I captured photos, but it was dim inside...and that's the classy Yelper I sometimes am haha.
#REVIEW#This is my favorite sushi place I've been to so far in terms of taste and quality. I'm sure there are better ones out there, I've just yet to experience them haha. My first introduction to sushi was cheap $8 sushi. I've traded up since then. This sushi is pretty expensive but, in my opinion, worth the price.I ordered shrimp tempura and salmon avocado rolls. They were thick and juicy (if you can use juicy as a wors for sushi). They tasted and smelled incredibly fresh. I was almost in shock because it was such a better taste than some of the previous sush I'd had.However, it's not gods gift to NYC. The price was a bit expensive, and the drinks were REALLY expensive. I believe it was around $18 each drink. The place is also small and we didn't get great seats as it was crowded.
#REVIEW#The food here is good but definitely just not worth the prices, as expected in NYC. It is also food I wouldn't necessarily crave, as although it is of very high quality, it's not Japanese food that really hits the spot. There is a decent amount of vegetarian option but not much stood out to me.Some dishes I had to start with were the mixed greens salads (nothing unique, would not recommend), mushrooms salad (I've had better, also would not recommend although the assortment and freshness of mushrooms was great). I also had the grilled avocado which was outstanding, and very unique. This would be the only dish I would come back for.For entrees, I had the arugula and carrot sushi which was alright (very difficult to eat), the sundried tomato and avocado sushi (kind of weird) and vegetable nigiri which was ok. What really stood out to me was the desserts - the molten lava cake was the best I've ever had, perfectly paired with espresso ice cream. The Fuji Apple tartin also amazing. Neither were too sweet and perfectly hit the spot. However, they were so expensive for the portions. I feel like there are better places with more value for money in NYC.
#REVIEW#Fancy and a pricey spot for omakase or a la Cart sushi spot. Perfect for date night! My friend and I made a reservation here at 7:30pm on a Saturday for their a la cart. We ordered a few appetizer to start.  toro with schezuan oil  was probably my favorite appetizer. It's fresh, topped with schezuan   peppers and gold flakes. Not too spicy but the schezuan was noticeable. We ordered chicken dumplings wrapped in tofu (great option if you are going for low carb) and also we ordered the story eggplant. Chef gave us a sample of their salmon and tofu which was really nice and our entree we shared a spicy salmon roll and eel roll. Service was great and we love watching the chef make our sushi. I suggest that you make reservations in advance- they get pretty packed during dinner.
#REVIEW#I've been to the lounge and restaurant area. I like the lounge area a bit more because it's a bit more relaxed and chill. I enjoy sitting at the bar in the lounge area. Bartender is very nice and they have a few other options on the menu.
#REVIEW#I was a little skeptic after reading some of the reviews but I would say have no fear. Bond St sushi is amazing! The service is stellar, waiters and waitresses come around frequently and make sure every moment of my meal was perfect.For starters the tuna pizza is a must like all previous reviews state. Fresh tuna on a wafer thin crunchy crust. The fried rock shrimp was also fantastic, tossed in that mayo dressing. On to the sushi, all of the fish tasted fresh to me. Buttery soft and delicious. The Chilean Sea bass was tender, creamy and just the right amount of fat. Now my favorite was the steak, it was cooked to perfection. Melt in your mouth flavorful goodness and paired with the fried potato cubes, nothing is better.  To end the night, we had the chocolate fondue, fresh fruits and fresh melted chocolate.
#REVIEW#This is probably my favorite sushi place in NYC, or at least one of them! I love sitting upstairs and though it gets a little loud for dinner (absolutely packed all the times I've gone - you'll want a reservation) it had the best salmon sashimi I've ever had. Thick slices of really fresh fish, exactly as I like it.
#REVIEW#BondSt is by far the best sushi and Japanese restaurant I've been to. Although at the moment BondSt has a 4-star rating, this is surely because its clientele have high standards. Looking at the quaint storefront or unassuming name, I wouldn't expect 6 Bond St. to house a culinary gem. When I stepped inside, I was greeted by the ambiance of an exclusive night club. After a short wait, I went up to my table on an upper floor, where things were calmer but still brimming with casual elegance. While other sushi chefs toil to perfect the sear on carpaccio and labor to get the timing on sea bass just right, BondSt's chefs handle the technical tasks with ease, applying their talents instead to adding creativity and flair to the menu. The big eye tuna tarts are a great example of the chefs' cooking prowess and affinity for innovating.  While the tuna is impressive, the crackers under them really stand out, having been infused with truffle oil and toasted perfectly to the point where they threaten to become the star of the dish. The chilean sea bass is more conventional but just as enjoyable. Chilean sea bass has very little flavor by itself. Skilled chefs use it as a blank canvas on which they express their personalities, and BondSt's chefs have rendered a work of art. Tender, creamy, and flavorful. The Alaska king crab crispy rice sushi had great texture, and may be the single best piece of sushi I've had. We ordered several more items, all of which were outstanding, but I won't turn this into a laundry list. We were somewhat late for our reservation and were the last ones there, but I didn't feel rushed. Although you can spend $100 per person on a typical dinner, you'll enjoy yourself more if you're willing to go up to $200-300.
#REVIEW#Great sushi spot!!! Everything here is super fresh and I love the vibe here. Just to note there is two places. The restaurant and the lounge. I really liked the lounge area and very intimate/romantic vibes too. GREAT cocktails. Wine list is okay but definitely get a cocktail.Things I ordered:- BIG EYE TUNA TARTS: Creamy Ponzu, White Truffle Oil, Micro Shiso- SEAWEED: Orange Sesame Dressing- BIG EYE TUNA SASHIMI- SEARED SALMON BELLY- YELLOWTAIL BELLY: Hamachi Hara- TUNA CRISPY RICE: Korean Kochujang Sauce- SNOW CRAB TEMPURA ROLL: Buckwheat Noodles, Scallions
#REVIEW#The service is bad. The waiters have no idea what they are serving. They are also clueless about wine.Stay away from the tacos - those were very bad. The grilled avocado was yummy as well as the tuna crispy rice.
#REVIEW#We keep coming back. BondSt is always a top choice when we are looking for a date night spot. My husband took me here on our first "proper date".  The two things we always get are the Big Eye Tuna Tart- it's a must- and the Spicy crispy shrimp. From there we switch things up but you can't order wrong, it's impossible. The cocktails are amazing as well. We keep coming back.
#REVIEW#Extremely satisfied with dinner at BondSt and would recommend for a special occasion. Dined here on a Saturday night to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. We've always passed by but never had a reason to go and boy I wish we had stopped by sooner! We arrived on time for an 8:30pm reservation and were seated almost immediately. Seating is intimate (you have to squeeze between tables to get in/out, but it was manageable) and it gets louds. Our waitress was very patient and took time to answer all our questions and explain the difference types/preparation style of nigiri. We shared:- Big Eye Tuna Tarts - Alaska King Crab Crispy Rice- Scallop + Uni- Jalapeno Scallop Roll- Lychee Panna CottaWe ordered to drink the:- Jalapeno Margarita - Crème RosetteI would honestly recommend all the above. We also ordered a variety of nigiri but I wasn't completely blown away. While the cuts of fish were filling and tasted decent, they weren't the best quality. Next time I would opt try more rolls instead. I was completely blown away by the ~*jalapeno scallop roll*~. The bill was around $280 before tip, worth every penny. We left full, satisfied, and wanting more.
#REVIEW#My husband and I had dinner here last night and it was really good. We shared the following:-toro tartar: this was great. The portion is small, but that's expected with a dish like this. I really enjoyed the sauce it came in and the presentation.-yellowtail sashimi: this was good, but I don't know if I would get it again. I've had much better at places like Nobu for the same price.-big eye tuna tart: this was amazing and my favorite of the night. The tart was so crispy and the tuna was so thin and fresh. The flavors were just perfect together.-salmon ceviche: this dish was just ok. The fish was fresh but I didn't love the sauce it came in-wagyu skirt steak: this dish was very good and a pretty good size for an appetizer portion (although it's the same price as a main dish)-crispy rice with tuna: I loved this dish. It's one of the best.-spicy tuna roll: really good and I enjoyed the amount of sesame seeds it had. The only downside is that it's $18 for a normal spicy tuna roll-chocolate fondue for 2: amazing!I would definitely recommend this place, but it's a little out of the way to come back here. I would rather try new restaurants
#REVIEW#Yelp would be virtually perfect if not for all the people in the world with terrible taste (sorry friends)!This prices here are exorbitant for the quality. I can't think of many other Japanese restaurants with more to offer for the same price point. I will hand over the stars to the service however. The staff was on the ball.
#REVIEW#My boyfriend took me here to celebrate our anniversary. We started out with some cocktails at the bar, which were prepared special for us by the bartender - they were delicious!! When seated at the table, we ordered generously off the menu and additionally ordered two omakase. Most of our food was good, most notably the Chilean Sea Bass, but we were incredibly disappointed with the omakase. The presentation was gorgeous, but it looked better than in tasted - the fish was not the buttery texture that I am used to, but instead was sort of crunchy / hard and fishy. I enjoyed the trendy atmosphere and the lounge area and would come back for the dinner menu, but would not have sushi here again.
#REVIEW#Amazing ambiance including the staff! We were greeted and seated immediately, offered multiple options. The music in the lounge area was great - stellar cocktail options. We ordered so much food and nothing disappointed. Highly recommend and will definitely be returning. Everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. Crispy rice tuna is a must and so is the bread pudding for dessert!
#REVIEW#Nice trendy place for sushi. I came here for a rep dinner and had a tasting menu of rock shrimp, tuna pizza, and salad which were all decent. The sushi/sashimi platter was served in a large beautiful white marble plate. Nothing special but everything was fresh and the rice was seasoned well. Surprisingly the best dish of the night was the miso glazed sea bass - it was so tender and moist. Would def come back for date night!
#REVIEW#My favorite sushi restaurant! Yuzu martinis are a must - they are off the menu so you need to request. I would reccomend the big eyed tuna tarts (life changer), tuna crispy rice, and the spicy crispy cauliflower.
#REVIEW#fine dining + elegantly-styled dishes meet in a NoHo brownstone...this is definitely a upscale dining without jacket/tie requirements. that said, don't go too casual....the interiors. the interior is sleek, modern, and has warmish wood tones. BondSt is definitely a great place for celebratory dinners: birthdays, anniversaries, and such OR for professional/work-related meals that require an elevated touch without being too stuffy. i'd say most photos don't do BondSt or its food justice bc of the low lighting...which i think is a good thing bc you focus on the food and drinks not photography.three different floors. there's are sushi bars on each floor, but the other Japanese-inspired dishes are the winners in my books.the menu has a lot of flexibility. i have enjoyed the seafood entrees here as well as the signature cocktails. i would say the menu rotates some of its dishes, so seasonally you won't be seeing the same dishes over and over. the service is attentive without being overly so. balanced.drops mic cuz u can call me "007" BondSti outzzz
#REVIEW#The food here is so unique and delicious. Don't waste your time with noodles or veggie dishes, branch out and try their specialty sushi creations. The soft shell crab roll appetizer was delightfully crunchy (with crab and endive) and came with a yogurt dipping dauce. For my main, I had the spicy tuna over crisped rice and it had just the right amount of heat from Korean gojuchang, without over dominating the tuna. The crisped rice was a nice touch - never had that before with sushi!Cocktails are special too - I tried the No. 12, which was made with 12 year yamazaki whisky and kaffir lime leaf.
