#NAME#The Capital Grille
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-capital-grille-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak,seafood,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Great dining experience! I think Capital Grille is honestly the most consistent chain I've been to that maintains its quality throughout. I've been to the financial district location and one in Boston and the chain definitely sets its standards high.I made a reservation on opentable prior to dining and they were able to seat me promptly. I was served with a basket of assortments of bread even though I was dining by myself and could not possibly finish all that bread. I got a complimentary sample of smoked salmon on top of a piece of cucumber - what a pleasant surprise! I ordered the sea scallops dish with asparagus, shiitake mushrooms, mashed potatoes. It was heavenly! The sea scallops were massive and I was honestly full after two scallops since I had some of the bread prior. Service was extremely quick - I timed it and I was able to get in and out within 30 minutes! This includes tipping the waiter and waiting for the bill to come back to me after giving them the credit card!
#REVIEW#Dinner with the family went well thanks to the well prepped dishes. My first time at this hot spot.  Very close to the Shows. Must try the seafood!
#REVIEW#Hands down one of the best places to eat in nyc. (Big Dot aka period)The service is not only phenomenal but the food is amazing, I've been coming to this same location for over 8 years.The staff is simply amazing.If you meet Gabe (@ the bar) , as him about his performance over at Radio City ... great story !!Ask Mike (@ the bar) about his favorite shorts !And Thank Mellisa for doing an amazing job with this location .To the Vegans, don't worry this also is a place for you.Some of my vegetarian  friends love coming here for their soups, salads of cocktails. And upon request they can generally prepare a dish to order (hint ask nicely)They also feature a large selection of  gluten sensitive dishes.
#REVIEW#The food was amazing. Lobster and crab cakes were delicious and the steak was impeccable as always. Our server Anthony was professional and kind. The flourless chocolate cake was so good. They go above and beyond for birthdays and celebrations and I would always return. I always get the rib eye every time I go but I'm sure the chef specialties are even better. I actually like this locations food over the garden city location. Recommend this place 100%
#REVIEW#Came here for work lunch several times and the service is always impeccable! The lobster Mac is amazing. I really love the lobster main corse and the filet mignon is amazing too. The ambiance is very corporate and for lunch everyone in here is wearing a suit except us! I love the salads and the French onion soup is very original but honestly what I come here for is the lobster Mac and cheese! Don't leave without trying!
#REVIEW#My fiance and I set up a reservation here after purchasing tickets for a Broadway show. We had looked at the Restaurant Week menu and decided that their offerings were pretty generous for the price. The reservation process was very smooth- they're on Open Table so it was really simple to make/adjust reservations. Unfortunately, on our way into the city we hit massive amounts of traffic and arrived half-an-hour late to our reservation. I called when I realized that we would be late and the hostess was extremely pleasant about our tardiness. They also didn't give us any grief when arrived, which I thought was very professional and courteous. I really liked the overall ambiance of the restaurant. They have a bar area as well as a main dining room and smaller offset dining rooms for a more intimate setting. I was also happy to see that the tables were not jam packed together, as is standard for NYC. Our server was outstanding. When he greeted us he asked if we were going to see a show after dinner and when we told him we were looking to be done with dinner in an hour, he assured us not to worry. I am impressed with his ability to cater to our crazy timeline all without making us feel rushed or stressed at any point.When it comes to the meal, we both opted to order off the Restaurant Week menu. I had the New England clam chowder, 8 oz fillet, and cheesecake. My fiance opted for the lobster bisque (at a $5 up charge), 8 oz fillet, and espresso cake, while we both shared the green beans and mashed potatoes. We were both extremely satisfied with our meals. I really liked my soup, but the lobster bisque was incredible. Our steaks were perfectly cooked and the sides were tasty. I really loved the cheesecake and the espresso cake was good as well. Overall, I'm really happy that we tried the Capital Grille and will definitely go back!
#REVIEW#Outstanding service at the Capital Grille.  Enjoyed a delicious meal after a spectacular performance of Hamilton.   ordered from the Theatre menu available from 4-7pm.   The selection is a three course menu filled with a good variety of appetizers, entrees and dessert.   The staff is very friendly and attentive.   I look forward to many visits to Capital grille.
#REVIEW#What a delicious dinner! One of the best steak that I really enjoyed the most. This is such a sweet treat before Christmas. I got invited by my sister in law to attend her company Christmas party and I'm really glad I went because I got to meet new faces and enjoyed everything that I ordered. We had a private room for the event and it makes it extra special especially in places like this. The bread they give was really good and they gave a lot. For main dish I had the ribeye, its so huge so if theirs just two of you then its better to order different types of steak and share. Its very tender and juicy. It has this little bit of sour taste to it which I like. Also theirs a spinach, asparagus, mushroom on the side and its all flavorful. I love sauteed and flavorful vegestables. For dessert I got the chocolate expresso cake with cocoa. Yummy! Anyone should try this especially if you're a chocolate lover. One of the best steakhouse in NYC and service is top notch! I highly recommend!
#REVIEW#I've been to the Capital Grille before but ended up coming here last night after dinner plans had folded for my best friends 30th birthday. Our waiter Jeffrey went above and beyond to make this experience amazing. It's the capital grille so the food is always delectable but Jeffrey was super attentive and we told him we had a short timeline to eat and we received appetizers and our food super fast. In addition, although we didn't have time for dessert he brought us something small and we sung happy birthday. Thank you to Jeffrey and Capital Grille for saving the night!
#REVIEW#Cap off a Broadway show with a meal at this Capital Grille. The steaks are like butter! Melt in your mouth delicious. We had a party of 11. Make a reservation if you can. Large parties I would recommend requesting the upstairs area, as it's more intimate and quieter than the main floor.  Although they don't advertise a kids menu, they have children choices that are delicious. 4 ounce filet mignon or chicken fingers and fries are both great choices.We enjoyed a great variety of menu choices in our party. Porterhouse steaks, Caesar salad, lobster with tenderloin, calamari appetizer, au gratin potatoes to name a few. We all shared our meals with each other, and all were excellent.The only reason I don't give 5 stars is our server was not up to snuff.  We had to flag her down for everything. Another drink, clear some plates, more dressing etc. Also, as the side dishes are separate, they should come close to when you get your meal. They did not. Same with our desserts and coffee. Some of us finished, some still waiting.Overall it was a great place to have a special meal for a special occasion. Will definitely be back. Hopefully the service is better because for the prices and the 5 star food, you should experience 5 star service.Still I highly recommend!
#REVIEW#I took my mother here last night for her birthday, and when I tell you we recieved phenomenal service there is no exaggeration. I booked the reservation last minute and was worried that we wouldn't be able to get the time slot we requested, surprisingly we did. I also made a note to mention that it was going to be a birthday dinner. When we arrived we were seated right away and the table was already set up with birthday trinkets and a birthday card. Our waiter was nothing short of amazing and he catered to our every need. The food was very flavorful and robust. I would definitely visit this location again in the future
#REVIEW#This review is more geared towards the two times I've been to this Capital Grille location during Restaurant Week. Both great experiences. I think that capital grille offers the best bang for your buck during RW. Appetizer, entree (including steak) dessert and a side for $42 is one hell of a deal by any standard. Particularly since some of the steaks they include on their RW menu are over $42 on their own. I've been to two of their locations during RW. The first location we tried (Chrysler center) made us feel uncomfortable asking for the RW menu, and once we did the waiter clearly diverted his attention away from us for the evening. The food was also pretty bad for Capital Grille standards. It was overall a bizarre experience - especially since we've been to that location many times and never had issues. This location however treats it like a real feature and offers a much better experience overall. Both times our servers were great and the food was top notch as well. For RW they offer the Kona for a $20 upcharge - still a great deal and is my favorite steak they offer. As with all of their locations, despite being a chain I find their food to be excellent. I look forward to coming back to this location, during RW or otherwise.
#REVIEW#My husband and I spent an exceptional evening celebrating a night in NYC together.  We deciding to eat at the bar where my husband would have dinner often.  Time Inc. occupied much of that building over the years and he would go down and have dinner at the bar.  Gabe and Jeremy, only the best Bartenders in the world, who are now friends, spent many evening with him.  Well last night he brought me along.  We had such a great time with Gabe.  A great bottle of wine, a couple of delicious appetizers and a bone in rib eye to wrap it up.  Everything was delicious!!! But the best part was the personal attention.  Looking forward to going back and visiting my new Cuban brother Gabe!!!!
#REVIEW#I came with coworkers for Restaurant Week lunch and was pleasantly surprised. It's a gorgeous space and impressive throughout despite being a chain. It's definitely a Midtown corporate vibe, and it's got expense account (though not eye-popping) prices to match.The RW lunch menu ($28) gives you a choice of appetizer and entree, which I believe were two salads and a clam chowder. Some raves from the group about the clam chowder; I went for a salad which was fine but forgettable.Most of us went for the cheeseburger, and I don't think more than a couple managed to finish it. It's a big, satisfying portion, and all the usual accoutrements are fresh and flavorful. What wasn't flavorful was the patty itself, which though it had a great juicy texture just didn't have that meaty taste I look for. Similarly, truffle fries had a mouthwatering scent but didn't deliver that earthy flavor.Pacing a bit on the long side but never egregious, and they did a great job handling our group of 12.This is a good use of Restaurant Week (Del Frisco's still delivers the ultimate RW lunch), as you get a good bang per buck. One of our party members opted to order from the regular menu and blew through $50 easily. I would also skip drinking here as by-the-glass prices are high.
#REVIEW#My husband and I chose The Capital Grille as our last dinner in the city before we flew home the next day.  So glad we went!  Excellent service, romantic ambiance, my tenderloin steak was fantastic as was the pear and arugula salad.  We split the lobster Mac and cheese and it was a hit.  I only wish we made room for the coconut cream pie for dessert.  Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Not usually a fan of a chain restaurant but they had me a lobster crab cake and you get two! The service was impeccable , dare I say the best I ever had ?! Food:I started with the delicious must order lobster crab cake and lobster bisque . My favorite ? Lobster crab cake , it had so much flavor without the side sauce and that was just an added bonus and I must say everything tasted fresh. For my main dish I got a filet mignon  with a side of their rich mash potatoes, cream of spinach and Brussels sprouts with bacon which ended up being the best dish and that with the crab cake has had me waiting to go back. I always love a good steak house with the very own amazing sides or apps
#REVIEW#We went here last night for dinner and drinks after the Rockettes show. First the cocktails were great and the bartender was wonderful. We order the fried calamari which was very good and loved the pickled peppers that came with it. Then we ordered the mushroom soup, clam chowder, Caesar salad and the wedge salad. All were wonderful but I loved the mushroom bisque it was the star of the appetizer. Then we all ordered fish because we were going to a steak house the next night. We ordered the tuna with ginger, the salmon and the chicken. The tuna and salmon were wonderful and the green beans were very good. The chicken was alright but not great. Our waiter was very busy last night and took awhile to get our drinks and food but we wanted a long dinner so it worked out.
#REVIEW#Enjoyed a lovely late lunch, they never dissapoint. Steak cooked perfectly and service was great. Waiter was attentive, friendly, and generous (free cappuccino and dessert). Definitely worth the money. Do yourself a favor and splurge on a yummy meal here.
#REVIEW#There are not enough words to describe the extraordinary kindness and generosity received at the Capital Grille. Our waiter Tim along with his colleague, Edgar, could have not attended any better to our every need. And even after saying our last visit was five years ago when we were treated royally by another waiter, Ed, they could not extend themselves enough. They absolutely put the customer first at this restaurant! There was no gain in their actions other than knowing we will be visiting them again and hopefully in the near future. The receptionist in the front displayed the same kindness and empathy when I mentioned having a tough day. What can I say? The food, the attentiveness, the generosity, the absolute sense that you are appreciated as a customer is beyond compare. Thank you Tim and Edgar and hope to see you soon!
#REVIEW#We went for lunch to celebrate my husbands birthday. I had made reservations beforehand . The service was exceptional. My husband received a nice birthday card on the table when we arrived . Surprised us with a glass of champagne. We ordered onion soup, filet mignon, ny strip , potatoes and green beans . Everything was delicious. We must have had maybe 5 people come over and wish him a happy birthday .  Desserts were awesome too . They knew we had a play to see so we were in and out hour and half . Thank you Capital Grill.
