#NAME#Westville Chelsea
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/westville-chelsea-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Update:  My daughter does not feel well today.  Can't be sure it's because she was glutened here so I'm not changing my review.  Just want to add no guarantees that it's celiac safe .  Will stay away from items cooked on shared grills going forward even if the establishment says they clean it before cooking for patron with allergies.  Came here for lunch on a Tuesday.  Very lively and busy which bodes well.  There were plenty of options for my daughter who has celiac.  Although the menu doesn't specify any gluten free options, we called ahead and they assured us that there were options. The waitress told us all the things to stay away from and told us they clean the grill for the patrons with food allergies.  (I know celiac is not a food allergy but as long as the outcome is safe for my daughter they can call it whatever they want!) Everyone was very happy with the food.  We had the sweet chili lime rice bowl, market plate (choice of 4 veggies), chicken parm, grilled cheese, and chicken with pesto mashed potato (am so trying to recreate that at home).  And the cocktails were awesome as well!  We tried the orange shandy, cucumber lemonade with Prosecco ( and working on making this at home too), and mango saki margarita.  The waitress was lovely and efficient and helpfulI will back!  Want to try so many things on this menu.
#REVIEW#A classic favorite. Known for fresh and season fare. My favorite are the market plates. So many delicious veggies to choose from - cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, and more. When it's in season, the watermelon mint salad is a must have. Last trip, I had the grilled salmon. It was incredibly flavorful! This location doesn't take reservations so consider your time of arrival and group size in planning to attend.
#REVIEW#Went here last night with a friend and waited for about 15 minutes for seats at the bar (they said it would be another 5-10 minutes for a table) but it didn't matter to us too much. My friend got the Caesar salad and asked if he could add tomatoes which the bartender said yes (more to come on this shortly...).    I got the southwestern kale salad and added grilled chicken to it (I wanted mine without tomatoes so we joked that my friend can just have the tomatoes that were supposed to be on mine). My salad was great! The flavoring of the dressing really complemented the different toppings of the salad (pickled onion, red and green peppers, roasted corn, etc). The portion sizes were nice and hearty, as well. My salad correctly, came without tomatoes, but my friend's salad had none of them in there. We didn't say anything but the bartender noticed and said something to one of the food runners who brought out a red onion a few minutes later. The bartender looked at the onion and shook his head and apologized. Finally (after my friend had nearly finished the salad), a runner brought over two little slices of tomato. It wasn't the end of the world but the bartender said that management had recently changed the rules and the bartender was unable to go back to the kitchen himself and get any extras, and that it all had to go through a manager, which was a little inconvenient.     Overall, the food was really good but it seems as if management an do a little better job of rectifying an situation. I'd come back again, but be weary if you need to make any changes to the menu!
#REVIEW#Yum! This was my first time at a Westville restaraunt and it will not be my last! The food was delicious. I got the kale salad and didn't want the blue cheese or dressing and the waitress was very accommodating in subbing it out for goat cheese and the other dressing from the Farro salad. Food came relatively fast. We got the turkey chili as an appetizer and it was very filling. I really wanted to try the yucca fries but my bf has celiacs so we were limited. I really liked their concept of not having set meals, but instead offering a protein, base and an extensive list of sides to mix and match based on your preference. I find a lot of times I always sub out different ingredients so this option really makes it customizable and about what the customer wants. My bf got the pesto mash and they were delicious. Also the tahini cauliflower which I was skeptical about but glad we tried it. I want to go back for the asparagus and artichoke! All of the options for sides makes it refreshing and leaves you wanting to try it all! Service was delightful and attentive as well. Not a single negative thing to say about the entire experience.
#REVIEW#Westville is the perfect lunch spot! Good quality, healthy, and very reliable with delivery. If you go in, it's also pretty quick. I love their salads and Mac n cheese. Salmon is good too.
#REVIEW#When I moved to the city, Westville was one of the first restaurants my native Manhattanite friend took me to. And with good reason! They've got really great food that won't break the bank. And their portions are really generous, so you'll have to loosen your belt or wear sweatpants.Both of the dishes we ordered were dinner specials -- I got a Mexican skirt steak bowl with rice, and my friend got the salmon dish, with brussel sprouts in place of the mashed potatoes. The skirt steak was phenomenal! They nailed the temperature, and it was so flavorful, even through the salsa and spices from the rest of the dish. I strongly recommend as long as it's still on the specials menu!The salmon dish was also top notch. I was especially impressed with the brussel sprouts, they were packed with lemon flavor and not at all oily or heavy. I've never been able to get brussel sprouts to hold flavor that way, unless I completely soak them. Fortunately, Westville doesn't ask me to prepare its food.The Chelsea location is cramped, and almost always has a wait. But even with the close quarters, it's a nice, clean space that isn't uncomfortable. Service was great, with attentive servers who knew the menu well. The food takes a little longer to come out at peak dinner hours, but servers were good about letting us know in advance.All in all I think Westville is a great choice, glad my friend showed it to me all those years ago!
#REVIEW#After being in New York for a couple of days, and eating the not-so-healthy breakfast, we were ready for a change of pace for a healthy meal. After an extensive yelp search, we decided on Westville Chelsea.We arrived around 11:30 am and the place the packed, we had to wait about 10-15 minutes before being seated. The place is kind of small, so we were stuck waiting outside in the cold and rain, which was annoying. Once sat, water was brought out right away.I decided on the grilled chicken with zucchini and broccoli, my the hubby had a bunless burger with bacon and sweet potato fries. Both meals were delicious. We came to Westville toward the end of our trip, so I'm a little sad that we only came once. But I definitely recommend this place if you are craving a healthy meal.
#REVIEW#On recommendation from a friend, I stopped into Westville for brunch during my recent trip to NYC. I'm so glad I did. Their menu puts an emphasis on fresh produce and has tons of wonderful options for vegetarians, including my order, the caprese benedict -- a twist on classic eggs benedict with a slice of tomato and fresh mozzarella, served on a portuguese muffin. Absolutely delicious. And it came with a side of potato hash (that ended up being closer to potato mash) that very nearly stole the show. I also split the jumbo banana pancake with my friend, and it was indeed jumbo. Served with a large helping of fresh berries and syrup, it was the perfect end to the meal.We had no problems getting seated around noon on a Sunday, which was a pleasant surprise. Since it's a small place, all members of your party have to be there in order to be seated. Service was lovely, very helpful without being overbearing. All in all, a solid Chelsea brunch spot to add to the rotation.
#REVIEW#A classic quick brunch spot. I had the Argentinian sausage with poached eggs, which also came with delicious potato cakes and an arugula salad. The tomatoes on the salad didn't taste fresh though. My friends ordered the scrambled eggs plate and the veggie burger that they enjoyed. The regular coffee wasn't very hot and didn't taste that good. The service was top notch, which made up for the minor shortcomings.
#REVIEW#This spot has very solid American food with fresh ingredients. All for a reasonable price too.I ordered a grilled salmon with a side of cauliflower and zucchini. I love the little twists they do on the westville market items such as the cauliflower with tahini and the zucchini with mozzarella . Sometimes I worry about ordering salmon out as I don't like it overcooked, but this was perfect. We sat in during lunch time to eat and service was fast and efficient. Also was very clean!
#REVIEW#Stopped by for a quick weekday lunch with a friend at Westville and received a hearty and quick meal, sans the salt and service. Westville has a pretty extensive and very veggie friendly menu which I loved, I'd gladly come back to try a few other dishes. I settled on the quick breakfast bowl and enjoyed the assortment of ingredients, though just about the entire bowl needed an addition (or multiple throughout the meal) of salt. Hearty serving of quinoa, egg, and avocado, though the squash was pretty weak and not very well roasted; enjoyed the toast as well. Service was quick but pretty cold and unfriendly despite coming for the later part of lunch when it got slow. Though the experience and maybe this exact dish didn't have me sold, the variety on the menu and cozy vibe of the place would push me to give it second shot.The fries I nibbled off my friend were great so don't pass those up, the $1 upcharge is a steal.
#REVIEW#I'm a fan of Westville.  I've yet to visit and have a bad meal...My go-to dishes are the Smoky Mac & Cheese.  Which is lovely.  And cheesy.  And the portion is nice so its easily shareable between two.  And then there's the Fried Chicken Sandwich.  Which is dreamy w/ its avocado slices, chipotle mayo and super soft portuguese muffin bun.   The slices of avocado make it hard to handle sometimes - ingredients slippin' and sliding off the bun.  But all things considered this sandwich is good,  you may just want to have a fork at the ready to help with this one.I also adore the cookies. I try and always get one to go -- and if I only have one choice it's going to be the Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip - every. single. time.  It's a classic cookie but they add in a swirl of nutella and its SO GOOD. Random tip - if you need to use the restroom at Westville - be careful of the doors leading into the space. There are two of them and they are super heavy and if you're not careful when you push them open they'll fly back at you.  I legit jammed my finger last time I was there and needed a bag of ice for the train ride home.  The staff was totally accommodating but damn did that hurt.
#REVIEW#So disappointed at the moment. I usually love Westville but this evening I found a bug in my meal. I ordered my meal to go. I had the pesto mash, broccoli, peas. And boy Choy. I went to take a bite of my bok choy and some fell off of my fork. At first thought it was bundled bok choy but after inspection and realizing it had eyes, that is was a bug. I don't even know what kind of bug it is and the scary part about it all is the bug is green and I almost ate it along with the other veggies I had in my meal. I am so sad right now because I was really looking forward to my meal. This means that the veggies were not properly cleaned beforehand and that is very upsetting.
#REVIEW#Great neighborhood staple. We're here at least once a week for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. If you're new to NYC and somehow have not run into a Westville location, go in and become acquainted. I'm certain it's on the list of things you need to do while gaining your New Yorker citizenship.
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch, was so impressed I went back for dinner that same day. I ordered the Greek salad with avacodo and steak (medium rare). Steak was cooked to perfection! The salad was huge, will most likely have leftovers.I also ordered the cucumber lemonade with prosecco- very light and refreshing. Perfect for a hot day. In addition I appreciate that they leave a large bottle of water on the table, I prefer handling my own refill.Service was great!
#REVIEW#I highly recommend the crispy fish sandwich and the honey roasted Brussels sprouts, but the entire menu looked really solid. Definitely a great place to have a healthy lunch, and I was very impressed by their fresh market veggies portion of the menu.
#REVIEW#Fast delivery and the food is always good!  Very reliable service, always.  This location is much louder than others but love seating by the bar when it's cold outside.  Super cozy.  Service is always nice and super friendly.
#REVIEW#Westville is a guaranteed amazing meal! After half a dozen visits, I've never been disappointed in anything. The wait staff is very informed about the ingredients, and if they don't know something off the top of their head, they find out immediately. It makes it a great spot for people with restricted or healthy diets. This location is very busy so get there when they open if you don't want to wait for brunch!!!
#REVIEW#This restaurant is one of my favorite finds in NYC.  I have been so happy with everything I have tried here.  The chef knows how to prepare each vegetable perfectly and to expertly pair it with seasonings, sauces, or cheeses.  Don't like vegetables?  Then you haven't tried them at Westville!
#REVIEW#Always a delicious meal, Westville Chelsea has plenty of seating when I go and the market veggies are always on point. We got a carbohydrated loaded plate of garlic mashed potatoes (yum), sweet potato fries (yesss), cauliflower + tahini (yeaaa), and mushrooms (meh). The salads are good and the Greek one in particular is ginormous. You won't be hungry after a meal here for sure.I didn't partake in the drinks so I dunno but that frozen margarita/blended drink across the way looked delightful.
