#NAME#Jack's Wife Freda
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jacks-wife-freda-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#breakfast_brunch,mediterranean,newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place is really aesthetic and super instagrammable. Staff was really friendly and nice. I spilled coffee all over myself, and our waitress rushed over with some club soda and a cloth to help me get the stain out. I ordered the Mediterranean Breakfast. It was tasty, but thought it was a bit overpriced for $15, as it was just pita break, avocados, egg, and some salsa.Overall, would recommend coming here for the aesthetic but the food wasn't out of this world.
#REVIEW#Food was great, but someone skipped Hamilton on the playlist.On an unrelated note, Yelp's requirement that you write a freaking novel to leave a review is ridiculous. I had a good time. The food was good. You should go here. Jesus.
#REVIEW#Food is good but not mind blowing. If there isn't a line worth checking out since the menu style is unique. Service is terrible. Was sat down immediately as it was 10 am on a sat. Not many people just yet. Wasn't helped for 15 min. Called out 3 times. So I left ‍ I usually have great patience but this was pushing the limit.
#REVIEW#Jacks wife Freda is a reliably great place to get brunch with your besties. Small and cramped because everyone wants to come in to try this delicious food. Reasonably priced with a nice array of options to choose from. Israeli founded the dishes reflect that style of food which I love. I got the shakshuka which was so good I ate it so fast. This place was delicious and a great way to get brunch during the week as well.
#REVIEW#Came here for early breakfast because I heard this place can get crowded. Me and some friends decided to get green shakshuka and the rose water waffle. I'm surprised how much I like the Green shakshuka, it seems so simple but it really is full of great flavors. The bread they serve green shakshuka with is soooo good too, perfectly toasted. The rose water waffle does have a tint of rose flavor which is interesting, but I've had better waffles. One negative thing I would say is that we waited awhile for the waitress to come. When we were there, it wasn't actually packed but only one waitress was serving, rest of the staff were behind the bar. Overall, food was good but I'm not too crazy about it.
#REVIEW#I'm not sure if Jack's Wife Freda really lived up to the hype.  I was expecting a better experience, but it wasn't too bad.Let's start with the negative so you forget it by the end of my review.1. WAY TOO LOUD.  Between the music and the crowd, the noise level just made it a little unpleasant.  I couldn't hear my friend, and I felt like the music was reverberating through my head.  Not that the choice of music was bad, it was just too loud.2. CROWDED.  I know, I know... this place is "it" and you're going to have a crowd.  But I felt crowded as I sat at the end of the main table with other patrons, and the servers would brush up against you as they go to serve others. That aside, the experience was pretty good.THE FOOD was excellent.  I had the Mediterranean Breakfast, and it was a perfect portion, with overhard eggs, pita, med. salad, and labneh.  The labneh was excellent.  To drink i had a mint lemonade which was refreshing and tasty.  They offer paper straws too.SERVICE was also very good.  Despite the crowd, they managed service very well.  Everyone was upbeat and friendly.  It made for a good experience, and our server gave us postcards and matchbooks when we were wrapping up our experience.Really, this was a great experience, and you should visit when you have the chance. Be prepared for a 45+ minute wait especially during busy brunch times.  It's worth it though.
#REVIEW#Waiting in line on a Sunday rainy morning.  The wait wasn't that line in my opinion, it went by pretty quick.  Its a small cozy brunch place.  I ordered the Green Shakshuka and got to try (my friends) House Cured Duck Bacon and Rosewater Waffle.  Green Shakshuka was SO good. I was in fact shock of how good it tasted.  It was a bit difficult to consume after the toast was gone.  It was like drinking soup.House Cured Duck Bacon was excellent! I think it was one of my favorite out of the three.  The sammich was just made with all the right ingredients!Rosewater Waffle could use some help... the waffle was a little bit soggy, like it was soft.  It would have tasted better if it was crispy or tasted.  The  honey syrup was different but GOOD.Service was good! Thank you!!!!
#REVIEW#One of NYC's most beloved brunch spots but it didn't really hit the (brunch) spot for me. I had the rosewater waffle which was good but nothing to shout about. The prices are reasonable but they really don't give you much of a sizeable portion.Come early on a weekend to get a table - expect a wait!
#REVIEW#I came here at 4pm on a very cold Thursday in hopes to avoid the godawful lines here on weekends. My plan worked although it was... practically full when I came too. I was thrilled to get the corner couch seat. I'm not a fan of communal or close seating because there goes any private conversation I'm having so this was great. We ordered the hallumi to split and I had the steak and eggs. Loved the steak and eggs with the hot sauce they had. My friend had the green shakshuka and liked it. While I've very much debating ordering that myself, I will continue to exclusively eat my dad and grandma's shakshouka (which has more components than eggs and sauce). Overall good experience, not worth any significant wait time (half the restaurant is posing for Instagram ad nauseam) but the food is good- so I would go when it's down time
#REVIEW#Came here late night on a Friday night. Was incredibly happy they are open late. It was not busy at all, but then again we did get there around 11pm. We were sat down right away. The menu is the place mat so that was easy, no need to wait for a menu. We got the zucchini fried chips which I loved! They were perfectly fried, not too much coating and not oily either. It was very hot when we got it, so fresh out of whatever they used to cook it. I got the pasta and I forgot what my partner got. I tried his fries and it was good, I always love a good French fry. I definitely want to go back and try more food whenever we are in NY.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and it was okay. Definitely need to come back for brunch b/c that is what they're known for. Pros:- The daily pasta was delicious. Didn't have much besides the pasta but it was cooked very well. - Fries were crispy and delicious. - Don't drink but got the watermelon juice and it was delicious! - Clean bathroomCons: - Should have gotten the greek salad instead of house salad. The house salad was extremely bitter and didn't have anything to balance out the bitterness - Space is very tight and they get really meh if your whole party is not there
#REVIEW#90 minute wait for three people but totally worth it. Must-try NYC brunch staple. Space - Teeny tiny. Some might call it homey, otherwise might feel otherwise after touching knees for two hours in a corner booth. Service - Like sitting in the middle of a brunch musical. A bit hectic because of the Sunday brunch rush.Matzo Ball Soup - A lovely way to start Sunday. Light and fluffy matzo ball paired well with the rich chicken broth.Madame Freda - Duck prosciutto, cheddar bechamel, gruyere and a sunny side up egg pressed in between two slices of love.
#REVIEW#Jack's Wife Freda is another eatery which was recommended by foodie friends, and which I had been following on Instagram for a while now. It seemed like THE place to have brunch, so following the 'gram, I did!Owners, Freda and Jack, are South African and Jewish respectively, and have drawn on their family histories to create a menu that works perfectly at their all day bistro. I barely perused the menu, as having seen on Instagram their Green Shakshuka (two baked eggs in a green tomatillo shakshuka, served with challah toast) and fresh watermelon juice, it was all I wanted. The meal was perfect and the challah toast melt in your mouth.Food aside, service was friendly and welcoming, and I did not have to wait long for a table. Upon arrival, the line was quite long outside (but having read many reviews, I was prepared to wait), however, I did not have to wait long because no one wanted to sit at the second empty table outside as it was meant to rain, so I got a cute table to myself. It did not end up raining FYI, which made me LOL a lot during the time I was there.I also got talking to the people sitting next to me and they too had been following Jack's Wife Freda on Instagram for a while now. Oh, how I love social media. Definitely worth the hype!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Saturday night before a show in the area. The restaurant is tiny so I would not recommend going here with more than 4 people unless you make a prior arrangement. The staff was friendly and told us about all of the specials they had for the day. One of my friends got the special shrimp pasta dish they had for the night and said it was tasty. I got the Prego Roll which is a skirt steak sandwich with garlic butter on a roll with French fries. I was not happy with my meal as the skirt steak was extremely chewy to the point that my jaw was hurting by the end of the meal and I couldn't finish. I would come back for brunch as I've heard it is good. Overall, this place is overhyped and expensive.
#REVIEW#I've been hearing about this place forever, so I was finally ready to make the time knowing that there's always a wait. Our estimated 45 minute wait was pretty much spot on. It's loud and tight in the space, but it does feel like a classic New York hang out. They move customers through quickly without being too pushy. The vibe is hip.The food wasn't as impressive as I was expecting, though, which is why I had to dock a star. I got the poached eggs with tomato and haloumi. The eggs were so so so overdone - no runniness at all. Overall, the portion is pretty small for the price, though haloumi cheese always wins me over.I appreciate that they have decaf espresso. The latte was small but tasty.Glad I had the chance to come but not quite sure what the fuss is about.
#REVIEW#It is perfect brunch place in the heart of Soho. It has very soft and cozy ambience and i was totally in love with the place and the food altogether. We had Green Shakshuka which is their most popular dish, i went gaga over the dish ( this dish made my day ) and Rosewater Waffles- i never had such good waffles in my entire life and how can i forget Fresh cantaloupe juice. I am waiting for my next trip to NYC to visit this place again.
#REVIEW#The first time I came here was two years ago and I honestly can't remember much. This time, I ordered the Madame Freda and Jack's Breakfast. The space is quite tight, and the noise level was quite loud. Because it was hard to hear the conversation, as well as how close the tables were positioned next to each other, I took one star away. The food was genuinely great. The service was nice and the brunch came in a speedy manner. The duck was a nice touch in the Madame Freda, as I've never had something like that before. The egg was the perfect level of soft but not a sunny side up, which I very much appreciate. The steak was juicy and tender, with the right amount of bite. I love brunch and this is a great spot to stop at.
#REVIEW#Came here a little after 11am on a Monday to beat the lunch crowd. Me and some friends were seating right away, but it was still pretty crowded inside. Service and food were great! I got the rose water waffles, and my friend got the Mediterranean breakfast. The waffle was $13, so the prices were high for the quality of food in my opinion. The seating is set up to accommodate as many people as possible, so expect to be seated very close to the people next to you (which isn't a problem, just something worth mentioning). Overall I think this is a great brunch/lunch spot!
#REVIEW#Although the place is a little overhyped, this is one of my favorite brunch spots in NY. It's Mediterranean-inspired, with a healthy combination of many interesting flavors. Their popular dish is the green shakshuka, which was good; however, interestingly enough, I love their haloumi the most -- its grilled perfectly, spiced with garlic, mint and sautéed grapes. Their rose waffle has a very interesting rose flavor to it thanks to the syrup and is topped with a savory dollop of yogurt. All in all, a good place to try and have a wholesome meal!
#REVIEW#Love this place super date for a catch up with friends or a single meal. Cantaloupe juice was so refreshing
