#NAME#Zen Ramen & Sushi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/zen-ramen-and-sushi-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,ramen,salad#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Every time I come in from out of town I come here. Unfortunately Rochester does not have authentic place for Ramen! The staff is very friendly and it is a cute little restaurant. I got ramen with udon noodles yesterday and the classic today. I will definitely be back the next time I am in town. Bonus- If you check in on yelp you get green tea ice cream :)
#REVIEW#Wow what a great find! I've had ramen before and was never impressed, but eating it here at Zen Ramen, I'm hooked! It was the best ramen I've ever had. I got the Tonkotsu ramen - the broth is so flavorful and delicious. We also got some sushi to start - and it was equally as good and you could tell the fish was so fresh. Lastly we got a fried squid appetizer (on a stick). Tasty!The service was great - they constantly kept my water full which was really nice.
#REVIEW#OK Ramen, conveniently located near penn stationThe ramen was ok but probably not fresh noodles.  I really like the seaweed salad and the sauce they put underneath.  The broth was very good for both the shoyu ramen and the beef ramen, although the beef wasn't what I expected, it was more processed than what I expect chashu beef to be.  Normally I can clearly see the skin, fat, and lean portion of the beef, the kind served here looked like everything was all ground together so it was probably cheaper.  Overall average ramen at an above average price, but this is Manhattan so it met my expectations.
#REVIEW#Cons: 1) leaves of the salad was old and not fresh; 2) salmon was tastelessPros: 1) have a lunch specials; 2) fast; 3) nice place.
#REVIEW#I cannot understand the high ratings and good review at all. Very disappointed.Ordered the kani salad and trio tartare, which, when served, only explains why they put "photos are just visual representation of the food" on each and every page of their menu. You will see how they look on the picture menu from my pictures. But I'd better call them cucumber salad and fish chunk.The spicy beef ramen tastes no different/better than instant noodles. The beef chashu the comes with the noodle has no taste at all. The lady Gaga roll is bad as well. It has a shrimp tempura as the main item, which the shrimp tempura is probably prepared like couple of days ago and just got took out of the fridge and put in the roll.Anyways, I regret my dinner choice. Perhaps, this place changed owner recently? They seem to have a different name outside. The owner walks back and forth in the restaurant all the time, as if he is monitoring his employees and customers all the time, feels weird as we sit next to where he passes us every minute or two.....
#REVIEW#Can't understand the high rating at all.. Came here after seeing that 4.5/5 star on Yelp. Ambience: very packed, small restaurant with about 15 tables. Nothing special about the decor, similar to all other Japanese restaurants in the city.Food: ordered the beef & spicy tonkotsu ramen, and the volcano roll. The beef and tonkotsu ramen had the same broth, except the spicy tonkotsu had this numbing spice added to the soup, making you chock on the first sip. The broth had a very artificial aftertaste to it. The noodles and meats were just okay. The volcano roll had more rice than fish. Honestly, food is super mediocre. Prices were high for all the items, especially considering the quality. Service : servers were upset that I requested for hot water instead of cold. One of the plates they gave us for soysauce had food waste in it. YUCK. We came here expecting it to be a specialized ramen restaurant, but it was more of a sushi / ramen / udon place. Mediocre food and service. This restaurant does not serve authentic Japanese food, it's Chinese food served and cooked by Chinese people.
#REVIEW#I selected Zen Ramen based on proximity to my hotel and the Yelp reviews. I placed a pick up order via Yelp and the process was thankfully easy peasy. Within a minute of submitting my order, I received a call from the restaurant  to clarify if it was a delivery or pick-up order. They also confirmed my order would be ready in 10 minutes. Wow - way quicker than expected. I thoroughly enjoyed a leisurely stroll around the corner from the flagship Macy's to Zen Ramen. When I arrived, my order was ready and waiting and surprise - it came with a side of edamame. Too bad I couldn't use the Yelp check-in order too - I think it was green tea ice cream but only for dine-in guests. IKA YAKI - I don't always see Grilled Whole Squid on every menu so I just couldn't pass it up when I saw it as an appetizer option. It's a fav of mine. Seasoned just right with a bit of sauce and thankfully not too chewy. Good portion size too. SPICY TONKOTSU The Pork Broth and Roasted Pork Belly were SO both flavorful but then there's also Bamboo, Sweet Corn, Scallions, Arugula, and Black Garlic Oil, & Homemade Spicy Paste, and Shredded japanese hot pepper mixed in too! I really like that you're able to select your noodle type when ordering - I went with the thin noodles. Finally a pair of seasoned soft eggs rounded out my bowl of deliciousness. The creamy eggs soaking in that rich broth - Y.u.Mmmmmm.
#REVIEW#I've been to Zen Ramen & Sushi a couple of times and I enjoyed myself and the food and drinks. Both times the restaurant was packed. I came during happy hour and again when it wasn't happy hour and it was still packed. The Tokyo Iced tea is strongly mixed and very delicious. The shrimp tempura and fried chicken wings off of the happy hour menu were both very delicious! I also had the Crunchyroll which consists of shrimp tempura, with mildly spicy crabmeat on top  and it was very delicious. The items on the happy hour menu arrive my $5 each!I strongly recommend Zen Ramen & Sushi if you're craving awesome sushi rolls and Well mixed drinks! I'm definitely putting this spot into rotation and I'm looking forward to my next visit. The wait is definitely worth it!
#REVIEW#Good food, good and above average service. There was a short wait to get in, but I'm glad we did!I had the lychee mojito and tonkotsu ramen which were excellent. They even listened when I asked for my food extra spicy!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite places for ramen in the city. The appetizers are very good as well if you opt for a lighter option. When coming here for happy hour or dinner, check out the happy hour menu for special priced drinks and appetizers! Can't go wrong with anything you order. Service is quick and food is great!  If not too hungry, sharing appetizers is the way to go: fried gyoza, edaname, trio tartare, pork buns and sushi rolls. Hot green tea to wash it down. Note: Your entire party needs to arrive before getting seated. This is not a very big place, but gets busy during the height of lunch or dinner hours (weekdays and weekends)!
#REVIEW#The food is amazing here. If you haven't tried it, it is a must have treat!!! They are super friendly. Great service!
#REVIEW#Loved the lunch specials. My best friend was in town and craving sushi after a day spent at Macy's. This place has a great lunch special. 2 rolls for $9. We got the spicy tuna, spicy salmon and tuna and avocado . Delicious and fresh!! Ask for Jimmy, who is the sweetest host! He even got us green tea icecream and clicked a picture for us Definitely recommend!!
#REVIEW#My family decided to check Zen out for a late lunch, and we left full and very satisfied. We ordered the Shishito peppers and Karaage for appetizers, which were both grilled/fried perfectly. Our focus then turned to the Tonkatsu ramen after the starters. The Tonkatsu ramen was very flavorful due to the delicious pork bone broth and springy noodles. After the meal, our waitress Sammy treated us to green tea ice cream, which seemed to be freshly made because it was rich, creamy, and slightly bitter (how it should be).We would definitely recommend this spot to anyone looking for their ramen fix!
#REVIEW#The food was great and the time waiting for the table wasn't bad at all. Jimmy was a great waiter and the environment was pleasant.
#REVIEW#We were staying in Times Square and wanted Asian food without having to trek to Ktown. This restaurant was one of the few open in the area on a Sunday night with decent reviews so we decided to give it a try.The menu is extremely vast - this is definitely not a specialized ramen shop if that's what you're looking for. Go to Totto or Ippudo a bit further if that's what you're looking for. The restaurant literally has everything from ramen to udon to bento boxes to various types of sushi presentations. We decided to try the ramen and a soft shell crab roll. The ramen was decent. Nothing to write home about, but I went in with very low expectations so it turned out ok. They give you a good portion of noodles but not enough broth to balance it out. The noodles are cooked to a 'ready to eat' consistency already, so by the time I was a third of the way through, the noodles were already soggy. The broth wasn't bad but it wasn't your typical ramen broth - so likely lots of other flavor additives. The roll was really awful. The soft shell crab was cold, the roll wasn't wrapped well, and there were only 5 pieces. The servers also never cracked a smile. They were efficient - always refilling our water, etc. but worked with their heads down.Not a bad place if this was one of the last resorts, but wouldn't be one of my top and first choices. Should have just walked a bit further to Ktown!
#REVIEW#Delicious! Really good broth, flavor and the pork and beef was tender and really good! We only waited about 5 minutes on a Thursday night before being seated. Service was great! We check in to help and also got a free green tea ice cream. Happy customer!
#REVIEW#We decided to stop in at Zen during lunch time on a weekday. The restaurant is fairly small and was super busy. We had to wait ~15 minutes. We were asked to wait outside since there isn't much room to stand inside. Wasn't too happy about this because it was just starting to rain. We were seated at their communal hightop table. Ask to sit at a private table if you don't want to sit directly next to strangers. They have a special sushi menu for lunch where they offer 2 rolls for $9 or 3 rolls for $11 with a choice of salad or miso soup. The rolls on this menu are your basic sushi rolls that are generally fairly cheap anyway wherever you go.We ordered 3 rolls (philadelphia, spicy tuna, spicy california) and spicy beef ramen ($17). The spicy california roll was a california roll with a thin line of spicy mayo on top. The lunch menu didn't include descriptions of what was in each roll so I wasn't really sure what I was going to get with this one. The noodles in the ramen were a bit undercooked. The spice level of the broth was medium to hot. It was definitely full of flavor! They didn't have a working restroom (at the time?) which was inconvenient. Okay place for lunch.
#REVIEW#This is a great 3.5 star restaurant and not a bad place.  We were staying at Times Square on 42nd street and this restaurant was only a few blocks away.  We were looking for some sushi and some ramen so we chose this place based on the reviews.1. Being a Chinese managed Ramen shop, the overall food was tasty.2. In the ramen, the roasted pork belly was a very thick cut, almost 1/2 inch thick or more.  Definitely tasty, but not subtle at all and not delicate like in most ramen shops.  The broths were pretty good, but at same time slightly over flavored.3.  The Bento box was not bad, my wife ordered this but the grilled chicken looked like chicken grilled and then some teriyaki sauce poured on time. Again not bad, just not amazing.  Almost like I made it...4  The Sushi - all good. Nothing remarkable, but solid overall.  Good portions of  fish.What can I say.  It was definitely a good ambiance, excellent service with pretty decent food.  It was not the most amazing noodles I ever had nor was it the best, but this place really hit the spot and the service was so great that I really enjoyed myself.  If we had more time, I would have come back to try some of the other food too.Prices were decent, portions good and the food good enough for me to come back for sure on my next visit!
#REVIEW#It's never too hot for ramen. And this place did not disappoint. I ordered the pork gyoza and spicy pork ramen. I asked for the ramen to be extra spicy. The pork gyoza dumplings were great. Very fresh and had great flavor. The ramen portion size was really hefty. The broth was very good and had a great depth of flavor. The noodles were perfect and the pork belly was out of this world! And my waiter was very friendly and helpful with the suggestions.
#REVIEW#Woah, I found this place on a whim.. thanks to Yelp. It was quite crowded due to lunch time, but my friend and I was able to still snag a seat at the "bar" table. The cucumber salad was very delicious and aesthetically beautiful. I love how they place the salad inside a cucumber glass. The gyoza was also perfectly cooked and still warm by the time it reached our table.The staff was attentive, hardworking, and refilled our water glasses without us even asking.
