#NAME#Breakroom
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/breakroom-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers,tacos#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#My sister and I were looking for a good burger place; given the reviews, we had to check Breakroom out. We went at lunchtime today, and it was amazing. I got the Breakroom Burger and an iced espresso; my sister got a pulled pork sandwich and a bottle of the orange Jarritos. Our food was superb; I have never had as fantastic of a burger before. It was juicy, but had just enough crunch; I have actually never had pork belly that I liked before either, but they do theirs fantastically. The iced espresso was also great; when I asked for just a little sugar, the woman working at the counter put in the perfect amount. Speaking of her, she was super sweet. I was so engrossed in talking to my sister (and getting her to let me follow her second instagram) that I didn't notice that she'd called our order, but she brought us everything and was extremely nice about it. I really appreciated that. I forgot to order the Breakroom fries though, so we'll have to be back soon. I'm really looking forward to it!
#REVIEW#Heard many great things about this place, and there was so much to choose from but we decided on trying the tacos! We got a fish taco, chipotle chicken taco, pork belly taco, and a cheesesteak taco.The fish taco was by far the best thing. It was super crunchy and not mushy at all, which tends to happen once all the sauce and toppings are put on the fish. It wasn't a heavy breading either, and the veggies (including big pieces of avocado) as well as the sauce paired really well! Definitely recommend!!The chipotle chicken taco had really great flavor, the seasoning was amazing. However, the chicken itself was a bit dry, but that tends to happen with chicken, especially cut up chicken. The pork belly taco was much lighter than expected, and had a LOT of veggies to counteract the fattiness of the meat. However, it felt more like a veggie taco than pork taco, as the veggies overpowered the pork taste a bit. The cheesesteak taco was a really good representation of a Philly Cheesesteak on a taco, but the cheese tasted a little bit too fake. Because the flavor of the cheese was so intense, it took away from the steak itself. Overall, the place was pretty good, and I most definitely plan to come back and try other things on their menu!Follow our insta: Fooodies.United w/ 3 o's!!
#REVIEW#Chinatown is known for its abundance of incredible noodle shops, hotpot, dimsum, and living in the neighborhood, I can attest that it is mecca for cheap and delicious Asian food. But what's often hard to find are some other cuisines such as Mexican or American without venturing farther into LES or Soho. Breakroom is one exception, and I have happily included it in my rotation of places to go when I'm feeling something other than Chinese food.Breakroom is located on a small street with an unassuming storefront. The feel of the place feels more like a fast casual spot- you have to go to the counter and order first, but they do have some tables you can sit at. Their menu has Mexican and American favorites ranging from tacos to burgers and fries. For a side dish or late night snack, I recommend the Breakroom Fries- a delicious plate of seasoned fries and tater tots sprinkled with bacon and cheese and an sunny side egg on top. It would really hit the spot for some late night drunchies if you can catch them before they close at 11pm on weekends :)Their tacos are also delicious- I especially liked their spicy pork. Prices are reasonable, not super cheap considering the area, but in line with other fast casual spots.
#REVIEW#Breakroom has amazing burgers, decent tacos and great fries/tots! I've been coming here for years and always have to get the burger with breakroom fries/tots! The burger is super juicy and huge, especially the breakroom burger which comes with pork belly, an onion ring, and all the toppings that complete a burger. The fish tacos aren't the best that I've had and slightly underwhelming but their other tacos are pretty flavorful. The fries & tater tots are really good though! Definitely recommend and be prepared to get messy.
#REVIEW#My experience at breakroom was pretty amazing! I love the location and that we were allowed to bring our dogs in the eat. We tried to chicken taco and the sesame chicken sandwich. Both were great, but my husband preferred the taco over the sandwich.The one thing we will say is the prices are great for NYC and the chicken (were chicken people) is so tender. The taco seasoning was great and it was a large serving of pico de gajo! Yummy!Seating is limited and they don't have alcohol here, so that's my only complaint - oh and the cashier couldn't really tell me much about the menu and didn't seem to want to ask. I'm from the south though, so maybe my customer service expectations are a little high haha.All in all, a hidden gem for a great bite in NYC
#REVIEW#Fish tacos are good. They weren't authentic like the ones in Baja Mexico, but I liked them anyway.Burger was good at first. I liked the meat. I didn't like the bread, it was a little sweet, and there was too much of it compared to meat so that the burger was bready more than meaty. Fries sucked. Requested ranch but got ketchup packs. Delivery was quick.
#REVIEW#4 and a half stars but rating down because it took a LIL too long for my delivery to come, and the burger was slightly over cooked. Ordered the classic cheeseburger and the Breakroom fries. My total with tax and tip came to a little over $20 which I thought was totally reasonable for what I was getting. I'm also pretty sure it's cash only in the actual restaurant so it's dope that you can order online. Ordered my burger medium rare and while it was realistically medium well it was still strangely juicy and flavorful for being like an $8 burger. The bun was really tasty and the fixins (lettuce, tomato, onion) were fresh. The real star, unsurprisingly, were the fries. A combo of fries and tater tots with cheese, jalapeños, a fried egg, etc that clogs the arteries in the best way. Jalapeños were fresh instead of pickled and I'd probably order without them next time, but YUM. Wasn't sure how I'd feel about the fried egg but it was perfectly cooked. These are fatty fries done to perfection.Would for sure order again.
#REVIEW#I actually had Breakroom bookmarked over a week ago when my friend Gabrielle highly recommended this spot. Today, I finally popped my Breakroom cherry because my friend Katie suggested grabbing food here. Space was small and a bit tight. We sat at a table shared with another customer. My friend Katie recommended getting the Taco Platter where you can choose any 3 tacos for $10.95! Tempura Fish Taco was popular at our table but I told the cashier no avocado for me because I am allergic and whoever was preparing my order should also change their gloves too. I also ordered a Pork Belly and Carnitas Tacos. Oooo the Pork Belly Taco was my favorite because I love the crispy skin like Chicharrón followed by the Tempura Fish Taco. The Carnitas was a thumbs down for me though because it was dried and not as flavorful as the other two. I definitely will be back for more food =)
#REVIEW#Omg the taco and burger was so good!!! We call for take outs! The burger was nicely wrapped but hella big! It is definitely Hard for a one bite size for me! We order the breakroom burger! It was around almost 10-12$. It has the pork belly, nicely done,egg, cheese onion ring, jalapeño, lettuce, and their sauce was sooo juicy. We also order the 3 choice tacos. We had the pork belly, cheesesteak, and grilled steak. The pork belly was definitely the best one out of all of them. It was so juicy I love it. I will definitely go there again
#REVIEW#There's a reason why people are willing to stuff themselves in a cozy restaurant to buy everything and anything being sold here. We got the tacos. Had to try the 2 different tacos: Grilled Steak Taco, Chipotle Chicken Taco, and the Tempura Fish Taco. All three very very good. I liked the chicken best. We also got the nachos good size for two. The Breakroom Nachos has Chili, cheese, guacamole, pico de gallo & jalapenos.As well as the Ribeye Cheesesteak SandwichIt has Thinly sliced Angus ribeye, caramelized onions and cheese sauce. Burgers are 100% organic, grass fed, no antibiotics or hormones Angus Beef by Par Lafrida served on freshly baked bun from Parisis bakery. (Taken from the menu)
#REVIEW#Their fish tacos, breakroom burger, and tater tot fries are amazing!Service was like 15 min for everything on a Sunday noon. It wasn't too packed around 11:30/12 which was good! Price is like $3-4 for taco pre averageThe lemonade tea was refreshing too!
#REVIEW#My mother used to have manic episodes and "Breakroom" was pretty much what she would do on a regular basis.As it turned out I did not actually go to Breakoom which was a shame because I wanted to. The prices are much higher than you would think if you look at the Yelp page. I was led to believe it'd be dirt cheap. It's not.I will try it next time for sure. When I have someone with me that wants to share a medium-to-high price burger.
#REVIEW#Cool little hole in the wall (literally) food place with an excellent menu. Not a lot of seating so don't expect to sprawl out. Get your food and sit outside if you can. Burgers and tacos are a fan favorite.
#REVIEW#I had the taco platter for $10.95. You can choose any of the tacos from their menu for the platter so I had the fish, chicken and steak. All were fresh and delicious. Fast, friendly service. Some seating inside, family style.  Great option to grab lunch while in Chinatown.
#REVIEW#Came here in the afternoon to have lunch. Had their pulled pork burger and it was good but can see oils dripping out well at least it didn't taste greasy. My bf liked his sandwich too and said hasn't has good beef in a sandwich in a while. Heard the fries and tacos is good and will be coming back to try
#REVIEW#Best tacos hands down. I got 1 chipotle chicken and 2 carne asada tacos. They were tasty and very flavorful. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is nearby and feels like eating some tacos !!! They have a wide range of options. The order comes out within minutes. I'll be returning definitely !
#REVIEW#This is a solid 3 star burger joint. I would call it a joint since it is a very small place with only a couple tables. Not sure they even have ac because it was hot in there. It was a solid burger but nothing earth shattering. 4.5 star rating is too high.  They have a lot of choices here between burgers and tacos. Maybe I didnt choose the right item but the breakroom burger is what I went with. Also tried the fries which were average. Nothing stood out about them. We also tried the tempura taco which was pretty good though. But with all the hype this place didnt live up to it. I would come back but wouldn't consider it a destination spot.
#REVIEW#Nice place to swing by for some quick tacos. The price is solid and the food is better. I haven't tried to hamburger yet, but look forward to getting back.
#REVIEW#Breakroom doesn't ever Disappoint!!! Been in person to the location several times but today tried delivery. Super fast delivery! They even took the time to package all my toppings, dressings etc on the side so my food was not soggy. Ordered the 3 pack tacos and chili cheese fries. All delicious. The tacos were filling. My favorite is always tempura fish. The chicken is really good and flavorful. The chili on the fires has beans and corn and a sweet smoky kick. It is def homemade chili and not out of a can. Will certainly be ordering again!
#REVIEW#What I love about being online through Facebook and all is the instant feedback from your friends. Got my summons for Jury Duty like most in NYC. Put out a suggestion request for lunch. Breakroom was the response I got. Btw: you need to look for it behind the courts! Taco's he said, taco's I ordered. Didn't mention amazing taco's but they were. Did the platter to try 3 - tempura fish, grilled steak and chipotle chicken. Each one better than the last. Friendly crew and great home made mint lemonade just sealed it. Made having jury duty bearable. Look forward to my next trip downtown!
