#NAME#Hillstone Restaurant
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/hillstone-restaurant-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#jazzandblues,newamerican,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This will be a quick review.1.  Best grilled artichokes ever.   ( ever!) and I live in Cali 2. Prime rib.  Perfect medium rare . Excellent horseradish .   And a huge piece on the bone!.3. Baked potato.   Also Perfect4 . Stellar service.   The hosts , the bussers and the waiter were all great .Just a perfect experience
#REVIEW#To Whom it Concerns, I just finished dining in the midtown establishment for lunch, and am walking out completely flummoxed at how we were treated.I work across the street and frequent the bar several times a week for internal regroups and client meetings, but I will no longer consider Hillstone as an option based on what I have just experienced.I arrived here at 11:50am to have a private meeting with a colleague and was greeted by a lovely, and VERY professional server, who showed us to a booth near the bar.  Several hours, and $400 later - we had a 3rd colleague join us.  We had mostly finished our lunch, but proceeded to order another bottle of champagne and an order of our favorite artichoke dip. At that point, we were told that we would need to move to the dining room because we were now a party of 3, versus the part of 2 we had walked in as.  We asked nicely if we could please stay where we were - as we were finishing client work and needed the extra lighting that the booth provides, which the dining room does not.  That is when we were directed to the manager, Joel Helperin, who is by all accounts a terrible choice for any customer facing role.  He was immediately hostile, cocky, and frankly, extremely rude in his regurgitation of company principle to "uphold the civility of the dining experience".  He interrupted my boss twice when she was mid-sentence, he smirked with entitlement as he threatened to close our check - preventing us from even getting our dip.  It was Joel's assertion that our presence in a booth, sharing artichoke dip, and trying to conduct work - would render the establishment "uncivil".  As we left, he continued to aggressively usher us out of the restaurant - at that point, refusing to serve us even if we had been willing to move to another table.I am now in the process of organizing a company wide boycott of that specific location...... that frail little dweeb has no idea who he just popped off to.
#REVIEW#Let me preface by saying that I've been to this location a few years back and have also visited their location in Orlando. The staff has always been excellent. There's live jazz at this location. This past Saturday I visited with a few friends to have some drinks to celebrate my birthday. Street parking- $18Food & Drink- $300Vomiting until the wee hours of the morning from food poisoning- priceless
#REVIEW#Ok so this was a strange one but became so evidently clear how incredible this place is!  In the past I had a problem with wearing a hat here at Hillstone. After myself as well as the establishment has grown, we both gave each other another chance, and with that said........AMAZING!!!!!  we are shrimp cocktail aficionados. We know the shrimp can't be soft or soggy.  You need a bright and vibrant sauce. You need a bite, heck you need a kick of heat.  Come and get it.  The best, and yes I mean the best we have had in the city.   Take any review I've written and times it by ten, this dish rocks!  Now I had the fish sandwich, which I didn't take a pic of but I'm actually glad.  I want you to want to have to see it for yourself. It was fried to perfection. The bite made me want, no need more.  Slaw and fried fish bring it on!! Jax had the Ahi Tuna salad.  It caught my eye like a Picasso would a painter.  Beautiful.  Just spectacular.  I would take it off the pan 30 seconds earlier, it was over a little but delicious non the less.   Thank you Hillstone for an amazing encore you rock !!
#REVIEW#Great food! The staff is extremely attentive and pays attention to detail. Good is fresh and tasty.
#REVIEW#Very worth the price. Everything is great, fresh, and friendly staff. Expect to pay, but the ambiance is well worth the price, especially when the live jazz plays after 6pm.
#REVIEW#Hillstone is a class act. Setting: Upscale and trendy, yet chill. The lighting and acoustics are on point and make for a bustling, yet intimate setting. It's rare to sit in a packed restaurant (which this is, always) and still be able to seamlessly converse. Live jazz every evening is a lovely touch, and keeps me coming back for dinner. Service: Open kitchen shows a professional cooking staff working beautifully and in pristine cleanliness (no unpleasant smells, ever). Exceptional and highly knowledgeable waitstaff. Food: The sushi is fresh and delicious, some of the best I've had in the city. Get the Thai Tuna Roll (pictured), it's an explosion of flavors and has a yummy cashew crunch. The market fish is typically also a solid choice, and the drinks are good but pricey. Only draw is I wish they could make their spinach and artichoke dip vegetarian! Price: a bit higher than average, but contrary to many overrated restaurants in NYC - worth it. Overall, an excellent experience. It's become one of my go-to favorites in the city. I'll keep coming back for more.
#REVIEW#Went for night 1 of our anniversary weekend in NYC.  They brought out complimentary bubbly to start off the night, which was a very nice touch.Cheeseburger was amazing, and the Thai steak noodle salad is the stuff dreams are made of.We were far enough away from the music that it lent just the right amount of ambiance.  The place was packed but the booths and layout make you feel like you're having a nice, intimate dinner.
#REVIEW#Food was very good, must try the hamburger as a few of us did . Sushi was very good as well. Noticed that there were no straws for soft drinks or mixed drinks.... works for me , not sure about others.My Manhattan was served with a maraschino cherry , big no no in my book. With so many top shelf cherries why make my Manhattan an ice cream Sunday?
#REVIEW#Nice dinner at Hillstone. The inside is really cozy, dark and has a cool atmosphere. The open kitchen and the piano bar make it even more personal and homy. We had the spinach dip which was really good as appetizer. For entree we decided on the prime rib and the French rib. Both really large sizes and good tasting. Overall nice experience, I would recommend
#REVIEW#Great at always. Miss the Hillstone in Boston. The only restaurant I've gone to where somehow all of the following dishes are exceptional: - Ribs - 'Osaka Style' Spicy Tuna - Yellowtail Sashimi Salad - Pan-Seared Ahi Tuna - Burger or Veggie Burger - FiletPretty impressive range.
#REVIEW#Came here for my husbands birthday. This place hits you in all the right spots. Great ambience, delicious food and lovely music. The servers are nice which is rare lol. We ordered the Thai salad, steak with mashed potatoes and  sushi. Everything was beyond delicious would definitely come back again!
#REVIEW#This place was so beautiful the Service was great and the food was even better they even had a live band playing. The drinks were outstanding. A great restaurant for date night. I really enjoyed everything about this place. My waitress Maya was the great. Oh try the spinach dip yummy
#REVIEW#Very upscale, over priced and mediocre food. Their service is impeccable though. I am going against the norm as I was disappointed with my $24 lunch burger...yes $24. People go here for the sushi, as my lunch partner choose. We sat at the bar and at noon on a Thurs, this place was bustling. If upscale, pretty people and pricey is your speed, then go for it. Don't get me wrong, if you are looking to impress someone over lunch, stop here. I am more of a good burger and beer spot. Getting back to burger - it was average. I ordered the Cali burger with sauce on the side and thankfully I did. It was falling apart and over stuffed. The meat itself was ok but I wouldn't even rank this as a top burger/lunch spot. As mentioned before, peeps go here for sushi but I didn't try any. Classy place that failed to deliver...
#REVIEW#Big big fan of the entire Hillstone Restaurant Group. Unfortunately, they do not have a location where we live in Charlotte, NC so every time we come to NYC we find ourselves in one of the two Manhattan locations. This review is for both the Midtown and Park Avenue South locations as they are both excellent and deserve a 5 Star review. My husband and I always snag seats at the bar and the service is always on point. I am a huge fan of their shaken margaritas...the fresh squeezed lime juice really sets them apart. They also offer many great wines by the glass. Favorite Menu Items:-Chilled Jumbo Shrimp served with cocktail and remoulade sauces- truly JUMBO and so fresh.-Spinach and Artichoke Dip served with warm tortilla chips and a side of salsa and sour cream- YUM...never fails me, so good every time-Burrata on Toast- need I say more??-Any sushi roll...and the Poke Bowl- again, so fresh -Peruvian Corn with Zucchini and Onion- sautéed with turmeric and Greek Yogurt- delicious -Braised Red Cabbage- YUM-Ahi Tuna Salad- comes with mango and avocado...again, never fails me-Thai Steak and Noodle Salad- I prefer it with the rotisserie chicken-Hillstone Burger- 10/10 every time!I also love that this location has live jazz nightly! Keep it up, Hillstone!
#REVIEW#Had dinner on a Friday night with friends.  The food was delicious from appetizers to the entrée.  I definitely recommend Hillstone..
#REVIEW#Hillstone is my go-to upscale work lunch spot. The service is incredible and I'm always greeted with a smile. The restaurant is dark and adds a bit of mystery to the place. If you're waiting for a table, you can grab a drink at the gorgeous bar and have your tab transferred over to the table (which isn't always common). If you're lucky, you may get to listen to live music while you sip a delicious cocktail and wait to be seated. Ambiance is 10/10, you just may need a flashlight to read the menu. The waiters/waitresses are very knowledgeable and happy to recite the specials for the day. Recommendations: Ahi Tuna Salad, House made veggie burger (one of the best patties ever, can be made vegan), miso cod, and all of their daily specialties never disappoint. Wines are delicious and so are the cocktails. If you're in a rush, make a reservation but if not, sit back and soak in the atmosphere.
#REVIEW#Stopped at the Hillstone to have lunch and a drink. Very ambient lighting, and a very chill upscale atmosphere. I ordered the French dip sandwich, it came quickly and was probably the best French dip I've ever had. The bread was fluffy and the meat was cooked perfectly. A nice, well balanced bread/meat ratio which is absolutely critical to French dip sandwich making. The service was terrific, food was outstanding aside from the fries (they were real scrawny and reminded me of those potato tangler things) it was a bit on the pricier side, but it's well worth an extra few bucks in my opinion.
#REVIEW#Came here for a late dinner on a Saturday evening. They actually were able to accommodate us changing the time to a later time. We arrived at the restaurant a little early, but they had no problem seating us. It's a more upscale restaurant, with dark ambiance, oversized plates, and large booths. The space is surprisingly large for New York City. We ordered a few appetizers, including two sushi rolls and the artichoke dip. The dip was interesting -- the dip itself was good, but it was also served with something that seemed like a pico de gallo and cream. It's rich enough that we didn't need the cream. The sushi was really interesting and really unique. I'd love to go back and try other rolls. For the entrees, I ordered the famous french dip. It really was quite good. The meat was quite tender and the au jus was flavorful. The horseradish had a nice kick. My friend ordered the massive prime rib steak. Wow! That thing looks like it might feed two! Unsurprisingly it tasted similar to my french dip sandwich (I think it's made from the same cut of meat). Really juicy and tender. They service was wonderful. They were a bit slow in bringing us extra chip for the dip (hardly noticeable) and they apologized profusely for it, comped the appetizer AND desserts! I thought it was very nice of them to comp the dip, and really above and beyond to also comp our desserts (not that I was complaining because the brownie was delicious!)
#REVIEW#Always a fantastic meal at Hillstone. Fromthe food to the service this place is A1 in every sense of the word. Thanks for always providing a consistent luxurious dining experience!
