#NAME#Pure Thai Cookhouse
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pure-thai-cookhouse-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#thai,noodles,chicken_wings#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Love this little restaurant. The chicken curry puff was yummy - a little pricy compared to other Thai spot around here. $12 for 4 pieces. But def worth the price. I ordered their famous Ratchaburi Crab & Pork Dry Noodles. Yup... dry noodles. I asked if they can add soup to it and they were more than happy to accommodate. The homemade egg-noodles had a great texture. The crab meat and roast pork also made to perfection. 10/10 would recommend :)
#REVIEW#This place is more of a 3.5 but not enough to give a 4. I came here for lunch and although it was busy, we were seated almost immediately. The entrance is a bit small so it's easy to miss. We ordered the curry puffs and, the shrimp and calamari salad to start. The cream puffs were a bit dry for my taste and could've had a dipping sauce. It came with a chili pepper vinaigrette but wasn't really something that you could dunk in. The salad was very good and had the right amount of heat. I ordered the pad kee mao and my friend ordered the wok basil chicken. We expected both to be similar with one being noodle and the other being rice, respectively. The wok basil was minced chicken - it tasted fine but looked more like ground beef. My friend decided to order the pad Thai at that point.  The food was overall okay. I asked for spicy but it definitely was not. I asked for hot sauce, and they forgot about it. I ended up having to take it from another table by myself. And the pad Thai that we ordered took a long time to prepare leaving me eating the meal first. The place is okay. There's nothing specifically unique that makes them so much better than the others. And the service was lacking a bit in my opinion.
#REVIEW#So so surprised that so many people gave five stars to this place! Straight to my point: I tried the most popular Ratchaburi Crab & Pork Dry Noodles. There were literally 5 tiny pieces of crab meat and that is all. The roasted pork was fatty and very delicious, but if you named it Crab & Pork, please at least have the equal amount of crab and pork... The noodles sauce was sweet, which was not what I expected and not my liking either. The overall portion was small, too, for $16. My friend ordered the Ginger Curry Calamari wok stir-fry, and thought it was just alright. The flavor was okay, but the calamari was too hard to chew. She ended up leaving out all the calamari. When I'm thinking of a Thai restaurant, especially lunch, I think of those places with inexpensive ($10-13) yet flavorful dishes. This place has okay food but relatively high price. Not much service, and Thai coffee was standard. Maybe I should have tried more of their snacks, but not interested anymore.
#REVIEW#Was feeling Thai food and with the plethora of Thai spots popping up in Hell's Kitchen I decided to give this place a try. It's a tiny storefront so it can be easily missed, but when you walk in, you're greeted with the noodle soup making set up which is very true to noodle stands in Thailand. The place was a bit crowded in terms of seating (came on Saturday for a late lunch) and we (2) had to share a long table with a party of 3 until they finished their meal. Grilled Spicy Beef Salad ($14): perfectly executed. They got it right with the saltiness and sourness of the dish. The beef super tender and nicely marinated. Would've been nice with a side of sticky rice but it was so good we finished it before getting the chance to order. Pad Kee Mao: I made the mistake of ordering it spicy. And BOY WAS IT SPICY. Towards the middle of it, I was picking out the chili peppers (which were cut and crushed so the deathly seeds were everywhere). One thing that threw me off were the snow peas..? I guess they just used whatever veggies that were in season. Anywho, I had to order a Thai ice tea to combat the spiciness, but overall a great dish... I'll get medium spice next time. Ratchaburi Crab & Pork Dry Noodles ($16):  I got this dish with egg noodles. The thinly sliced red bbq pork was amazing, but nothing memorable about the crab meat. It was a nice break from the spicy pad Kee mao but if I were to order a noodle dish again I'd get the noodles with soup and pork only. All in all a great place for pretty legit Thai food, service was fast. Would probably just order out next time to avoid the crowd, though.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday afternoon with a couple of dear friends for a late lunch. There was still quite a crowd then as we came around 2pm so we had to wait a bit to get seated.First impression was that the restaurant was quite loud inside as it was playing some Thai oldies in the background and lots of people were talking due to the small space. So definitely not the best place for a chill and relaxing lunch.To start off, we ordered two appetizers: Roasted Baby Back Ribs and Steamed Vegetable Dumplings. The two appetizers were alright imo, nothing too amazing. I thought the Roasted Baby Back Ribs were too salty for my taste due to the abundance of sauce they served the ribs with (though the ribs were cooked to perfection and the meat came right off of the bone, which was heavenly). The Steamed Vegetable Dumplings were good but felt like something was missing in the dish. We ordered two main entrees to share: Pad Thai with Shrimp and Ratchaburi Crab & Pork Dry Noodles. I was a fan of the Ratchaburi Crab & Pork Dry Noodles more than the Pad Thai. The Ratchaburi Crab was delicious with that sauce, plus the pork, crab, noodles, and greens were cooked wonderfully. For the Pad Thai, I thought it was interesting they decided to use wide rice noodles instead of the classic thin rice noodles. But I thought there was something missing in the seasoning for the sauce. Can definitely find more flavorful pad thai's either in Wondee Siam or Thai Villa.For dessert, we got the Mango Sticky Rice, that I forgot to take a picture of (sorry guys!). The dish itself was alright - I definitely have had better ones in either Wondee Siam or Thai Villa. It was more so that the sauce in the sticky rice was missing some flavors that could've made it a shazam rather than a bazam.Overall, this is a decent spot to get some authentic Thai food but I would go for Wondee Siam instead, which is located only a couple blocks down from here.
#REVIEW#Great Thai food near Times Square! The beef here is very fresh and the chow fun is very tasty! We got the jungle fried curry rice and it was fabulous! The pad see ew was also okay just a little too sweet. So if you ever want some authentic tasty Thai food, come to this place!
#REVIEW#I ordered their infamous ratchaburi crab & pork dry noodles and it definitely lived up to expectations. The noodles were a good chewy consistency and they give plenty of pork. I don't think they really gave too much crab in my bowl however. Even though it's dry noodles, they do add some tangy sauce to marinate the noodles on the bottom. I devoured this bowl so quickly I wish there was more to it!! The only the I'd say is the price per bowl is on the pricier side, and there is a wait so make sure to go a little earlier to put your name down!
#REVIEW#This place is an authentic Thai restaurant. The venue is pretty small and cute. We didn't have to make reservations and where seated right away. The dishes I ordered in the photos below were delicious. I highly recommend this place.
#REVIEW#Wait times can be long 30-45min, especially if you go for dinner time. Here is my advice: come in an hour before the time you want to have dinner, put your name down (they don't take reservations), and then go to the next door restaurant and have a glass of wine.  This is exactly what the bf and I did! And it turned out great! Second tip: "mild" spicy is spicy af, if you're not a big spicy type of person. I ordered a very delicious papaya salad but, was unable to finish it due to how spicy it was. Moving on to the food. The wings were cooked to perfection. Crunchy on the inside and tender in the outside. The sauce was perfect for the wings. They are not spicy, so I was able to eat them.  If you want drunken noodles order the Pad See Ew. You will not be disappointed. I ordered the pork and duck dry noodles and it was just like the previous reviews! Delicious! So full of flavor. The restaurant is small and packed. The ambiance is great.
#REVIEW#It's definitely more of an authentic experience at this restaurant. I appreciate that a lot, especially when Thai food is being overtly manufactured in this country.I had a vermicelli dish, a more dry noodle, with tofu and vegetables (broccoli, mushrooms, cabbage, onions). This kind of noodle dish didn't have a wetness to it, and had a deeper charred essence that was new to me. I liked it, and it felt very freshly cooked. I added spice which added to my experience. It's expensive here, and even with smaller portion sizes, you're still paying a lot for what you get. Lots of meat dishes for the meat folk. Definitely veggie options, though.
#REVIEW#It was good but not that good that there should be such a line outside. The little bits were yummy. Like the steamed dumplings and the curry pocket. The dishes tasted different from each other and the service was on fire. One of our dishes was very tasteless - the vegetable noodles.
#REVIEW#No wait for lunch on a weekday at Pure Thai.Got Thai iced teas, the ratchaburi crab and pork dry noodles and the pad mee bo-lan. The pad mee was ok; I really liked the ratchaburi dish and even asked for it very spicy. It was spicy but not overly so. The crab was flavorful and sweet; even though there wasn't a lot of crab in the dish, it was just enough to balance well with the pork and noodles. The yu choy seemed like they were thrown in randomly, but who am I to complain about vegetables? It makes the dish healthy right?I think Pure Thai is really good, but I'm not sure if I would return that often because the price is on the higher end, especially for lunch (I don't think the price differs between lunch and dinner). I'll have to try the other items on the menu before making up my mind.
#REVIEW#I'm not sure how purely Thai the menu at Pure Thai Cookhouse is; a few of the menu items are more Malaysian, a few are more Burmese. But then, Thai cuisine really is very diverse, and does absorb influences from the cooking styles of the countries neighboring Thailand.  The restaurant gets very busy at lunch time, and seating space is limited, so get here soon after they open at 11:30AM. The menu items marked with 3 chili peppers (I'm looking at you, Jungle Curry Fried Rice!) are best eaten for dinner, unless you are OK with being drenched in sweat when you get back to work from your lunch break.The service is quick and attentive, and prices are quite reasonable for a tasty and filling lunch in Midtown West.
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch with a group of three. We were seated immediately. We couldn't resist ordering Thai iced teas, which came incredibly quickly. The service was on point throughout our whole meal and I get the sense that the staff truly enjoy working there. Their smiles, their cheerful banter while working, and the snug nature of the restaurant will make you radiate good vibes. The food itself was pretty solid. I had the fried rice with lump crab meat. It was good but I felt like it could use a bit more flavor. It felt like it was missing something but I'm not sure what exactly. I liked the chicken satay a lot more than my entree, especially the coconut sauce. The other menu dishes sound enticing as well.
#REVIEW#THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!! It's been a week since i've eaten here and i'm still thinking about those crab noodles I had. The noodles were so buttery and everything inside it, the pork, the crab, the greens were also perfectly cooked! There was a tiny bit of sauce in the noodles and it was sweet, sour and aromatic and was the perfect touch. So goooooood
#REVIEW#I was introduced to Pure Thai Cookhouse by my brother when he was living in the city.  While the restaurant itself is very small, the constant excess of people waiting to get a seat for their food is proof of the excellence in what they offer.The service is on point.  Staff is extremely friendly and food is prepared quickly but also delicious.  They have a extremely cozy atmosphere which would seem bad, but given how good the food is I find myself focusing more on the meal at hand, then how close I am to my neighbor.On my latest outing I had their Ratchaburi crab & pork dry noodles.  The pork was excellent, moist and flavorful.  Paired with the noodles and vegetable, it was more on the sweet vs spicy side.  However it was easily finished off.  Many great choices to have on the menu, I will find myself coming back here yet again.
#REVIEW#Quick service and the food was delicious.  We had the steamed vegetable dumplings, shrimp pad thai, and shrimp fried rice.  All choices were excellent. Super fresh.
#REVIEW#I'll skip the intro and get to the point--the Ratchaburi Crab & Pork Dry Noodles ($16). INCREDIBLE. Truly 11/10. The crab was tender, the pork was firm but chewy, both were perfectly seasoned, and the egg noodles really brought the meats together. Scallions and greens didn't add too much but it definitely didn't take away from the dish either. The flavors of this dish are so well organized and bright, it's really beautiful. The ambiance of this place is great, and the music is lively yet comforting. We sat at a small table near the back rang had great lighting (which made for great photos!). Every single time I come to Pure, the wait is more than an hour long for 2 people, and that really says something about this tiny Thai restaurant. My friend and I came 15 minutes before it opened at 11:30 just so we'd get seats, and there were already 5 other people waiting!! I'd definitely recommend coming right before they open though, because getting seated quickly at this place is impossible at any other time. I really love Thai food, and places like Pure Thai Cookhouse are 100% the reason why: they're authentic, friendly, and pure.
#REVIEW#I really liked Pure Thai Cookhouse, but it didn't blow me away like I thought it would given all the hype. I have tried coming here a few times prior, but the wait is generally incredibly long, given how small the restaurant space is. I came on a Thursday night at 9:30pm with two others and still ended up waiting around 45 minutes.I ordered the wok basil with chicken based off of the recommendation of Yelp and the pad kee mao with chicken. The basil with chicken was really good. It doesn't look like much more than a lot of ground chicken with a few peppers, but it's really flavorful (borderline overly salty), and the white rice that comes with it complements it well. It definitely had some heat to it, so be forewarned. The pad kee mao was also delicious. I loved the wide noodles they used, and the portion size was pretty generous. I really enjoyed Pure Thai cookhouse but wouldn't wait more than 45 min for it again, especially given how many Thai restaurants there are in the area. I slightly prefer the likes of Up Thai and SomTumDer more.
#REVIEW#It was very cold in NY and we were longing for some Asian comfort foods and found this place not too far from our hotel. We decided to have lunch here, but the foods were disappointing. We ordered:- ratchaburi pork crab dry noodles(this is like a sweet and sour noodles)- chicken curry puffs(ok, but again this tasted sweet, so if you get more than 1, it becomes overwhelming)- steamed veggie dumplings(this is another sweet dish, it tasted like eating peanut sauce)- pa yao beef noodles soup(this is the better dish compared to the other we ordered, the soup is good)Service is really good, which is why I gave the extra star. Foods are horrible for lunch, almost everything we ordered were very sweet, I felt like we're eating desserts for lunch. We won't be coming back.
