#NAME#Estiatorio Milos
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/estiatorio-milos-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,greek,mediterranean#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Every single dish we had was to die for!!! So fresh and so tasty! The service was great too, and the restaurant had cute vibes. Highly recommend for my seafood lovers.It is expensive though. We ordered two appetizers and picked out a fish to eat (think the fish was about $70ish). Our total with drinks was about $200-$300. They did have a theater fixed menu that was a good deal, but it is only during certain hours.
#REVIEW#Exceeded my expectations! My co-worker and I came to lunch around 11:45. We decided to get the business lunch, reasonably priced at $32 - includes an appetizer, entree and dessert. The atmosphere is sooooo nice, on the fancier side, so I assumed the portions would be tiny. However, I was really pleased with the portion sizes. The service was very attentive as well. We ate some of the bread basket - toasted bread with olive oil. They clip fresh oregano leaves into the oil. Simple and delicious. My only feedback would be to bring around salt and pepper for the oil as well. We ordered the octopus and meze dip platter for apps. The octopus was delicious. It came over mashed fava beans. The dips were good as well, one was a yogurt dip, the other a roasted red pepper hummus of sorts and the last a fishy flavored dip (the worst of the 3 but not bad).My co worker ordered the tuna tartare, it came with fries. She enjoyed it. I tasted it and it had the flavoring of a lox bagel. I ordered the Arctic char over beans - again nice portion for the price. It was divine. Dessert we did fresh fruit and yogurt with honey. Overall, the place was not pretentious in any way. Just really great food and wonderful atmosphere overlooking the vessel. It felt like I was on a vacation in Greece. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Their three course lunch is a steal and a very welcomed value at this very $$$$$ but incredible Greek restaurant in midtown.Impeccable service, the food was delicious and the atmosphere verywarm and inviting. Do the lunch, you will not be disappointed.
#REVIEW#Upscale Greek focused on an amazing selection of fresh seafood.  Very well prepared and seasoned food.  The Milos Special app was awesome with lightly fried thin zucchini and a nice tzatziki sauce.  The Branzino was super fresh and delicious.  Nice selection of wines.  Energetic (read loud) restaurant and the usual high NY prices.  Attentive service.
#REVIEW#About a month after a trip to Greece, I started missing authentic Greek food, and I had heard good things about this restaurant, so I wanted to give it a try. We made a reservation for 10pm on a Friday night to take advantage of the $49 prix-fixe menu (served after 9:30pm), and it was still very busy at that time of night! The restaurant officially closes at 11:30pm, and we ended up staying until about 11:40 (there were still many other tables that had guests). We arrived at 10pm but had to wait ~12 minutes for our table to be set up. There's a bar to the left of the entrance where you can have drinks while you're waiting. The restaurant is actually quite large--there is an upper level (and I believe I saw stairs to a lower level as well). We were seated close to the windows on the main level. We did have to specifically request the late night menu from the waiter. I ordered the grilled octopus, the sea bream, and the walnut cake w/ honey lavender ice cream. Greek salad is also served family-style. I paired this with a glass of Assyrtiko, a delicious white wine from Santorini. We also received bread and olive oil to start. The octopus was presented on top of yellow split pea fava, which was reminiscent of hummus. This was my favorite dish out of the entire meal--the octopus was cooked and seasoned perfectly. My friend ordered the Greek spread to start, and although it was also delicious, the pita to spread ratio was very uneven (6 small pieces of pita to three large portions of spreads). Compared to when I had sea bream in Greece, the presentation of this fish was better, but it was a bit overcooked and therefore tough to chew. I did steal a bite of my friend's lamb chops, and that was so so tasty (definitely getting that dish next time). The Greek salad (comes with onions, green peppers, tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, and feta cheese) was also a nice compliment to our entrees--the bowl was small, but the portion size was actually quite good and we were left feeling very full. The Karydopita was a nice dessert that closed out the entire meal well. The walnut cake wasn't that extraordinary, but the ice cream was actually quite good (light and refreshing). In terms of service, we weren't too impressed by our waiter, but I'll owe it to how late it was, so he must have been tired, but he kept on interrupting us as we tried to order by talking to his colleagues. He also forgot to place the order for the Greek salad. That being said, I would still love to return for lunch, and I would recommend the late night prix-fixe!
#REVIEW#Craving something new, my fiancé and I decided to try out Estiatorio Milos for our Friday lunch! We were planning to get dessert and try out different foods from various places in Hudson Yards, so we knew we were going to order smaller portions here. As we came here around noon on Friday, Estiatorio Milos was dripping in gold, white, and brown decor adding a classy vibe to the restaurant. Not many people were present, which made it easier to have a more intimate date here. We ended up ordering some pita with a cod roe and olive oil spread, a gyro with pork, and 2 scallops with some vegetables.The pita ended up being HEAVENLY! The pita was so soft, although with the cod roe spread, it made it all the better! The spread tasted fishy, but it was also very smooth and significant olive oil flavors! The waiter even gave us more pita, as he noticed how much we enjoyed it!The gyro was also soft, and it was overflowing with pork and vegetables! It was a bit difficult to hold up, so we ended up just using a knife and fork to cut ourselves some slices. Given the classiness of the atmosphere, I guess that is more appropriate than biting into the gyro and having all the contents spill out, although I would have loved to be able to bite into it (without making a mess). The scallops were skewered with some vegetables. They were presented on a moderate sized plate, but large relative to the scallops. The vegetables were grilled and mostly okay, but the scallops were flavorless and boring. My fiancé enjoyed how soft they were, but I found them dull. $10 for two fat scallops and some vegetables is too overpriced for me! Overall a great experience and all this ended up costing $22! I would love to come back here again and try the different foods as well as order more pita and spread!
#REVIEW#Milos is short for Money because that's what I felt when I walked in this place.I came here for restaurant week during lunch and I have never seen a restaurant packed like this during lunch. Not even Philippe Chow pulls a crowd like this.The ambiance was incredible. I was definitely under dressed even for lunch. The food was delicious and although I didn't enjoy the royal much in the restaurant, once I got home and the capers and seasoned settle it is one of the best fish dishes I've had in 2019. Limani has a cake similar to the one on this menu but when I tell you when I digged into Milos' version the honey literally dripped down the cake. Baby, it was delicious.. Straight foodgasm! My waiter and other crewmembers were attentive and checked on me constantly. A++
#REVIEW#Yes, the food here is delicious. However, nothing is particularly outstanding. I truly think this place is extremely overpriced. I love fine dining and I don't mind paying more for a great meal. However, this was not worth the value. My sea bass was delicious and I had two glasses of white wine with no sides. Four of us shared two appetizers and some fries and the bill was over $500. Definitely not worth the hype. Great ambiance though. My group definitely felt rushed to leave our table.
#REVIEW#Phenomenal Greek/Mediterranean food, worth a visit. The lunch pre fixe is a great deal. Large portions, beautiful setting, and attentive service. Overall: 5/5Food: 5/5Service: 4.8/5Atmosphere: 5/5 An upscale and elegantly decorated Greek restaurant made to look and feel like one is dining al fresco in Greece. Wonderful displays of the fresh produce and fish accent the clean decor. The food is simply some of the best Mediterranean food I've ever had. For the lunch pre fixe ($32), which they offer every day, you have a choice of a number of different choices from octopus to oysters to Greek salad for an appetizer, dorade (sea bream) to salmon tartare to lamb chops ($10 supplement) and more for main course, and walnut cake or fresh seasonal fruits for dessert. The dorade is simply cooked with olive oil and salt but it's wonderfully tender and delectable. The octopus is a standout - perfectly grilled and lightly seasoned, offset with a creamy bean hummus. The portions were generously large. The bread is wonderful as well - grilled to be warm, and served with olive oil and fresh herbs that they clip from a live plant right at the table. The service is generally very attentive, although when the tables near us filled up it took a tad longer to seek the servers' attention. Overall great though.
#REVIEW#I love this place, and am entirely convinced it's one of the most underrated lunch deals in NYC. The first time I dined here, it was for a work dinner and my table had ordered a multitude of courses and bottles of wine. Every seafood dish was amazing--the freshly grilled langustines, scallop, salmon sashimi, sardines, soft-shelled crab, grilled whole fish--all of which were flown in fresh from the Mediterranean and selected by our table from the beautiful display at the front of the restaurant. Even the sides were delicious! I especially enjoyed the Milos Special, which was a tower of thinly sliced and fried zucchini and eggplant with a delicious tzatziki dip, as well as the Greek salad, which was simple but so, so fresh. But during the dinner, I couldn't help but think--there was no way I could afford this comfortably on my own This grand feast was definitely more than my personal budget could handle, but when I found out about their insane 3-course prix fixe lunch menu (available weekends as well!) for only $32, I was FLOORED. I immediately booked it for that Saturday and took my fiancé. Since then, I've taken my parents, as well as recommended it to countless friends and colleagues. I highly recommend the grilled octopus and meze plate for apps and grilled fish as the main.
#REVIEW#This is a very beautiful Midtown restaurant. It looks modern and classy, but not stuffy. The main dining room is bright and open, with a very high ceiling. There is an upstairs section that's a bit quieter and overlooks the main dining area. There is also a section in the main dining room where fresh fish is put on display, and I heard you can go there and choose which fish you want. The staff was very nice. I came in here for the pre-theater menu (about $50-ish pp), which was not a bad deal for 3 courses. As a starter, they brought out bread with olive oil and fresh oregano. It was my first time seeing fresh oregano! I was intrigued.  For the first course, I went with the Grilled Octopus. It was delicious and came with pureed hummus, grilled peppers, and oyster mushrooms. For the second course, I got the grilled Arctic Char, which ironically had a slight char, even though the inside was a nice medium rare. It came with some white beans, herbs, and a wedge of lemon. Very delicious. For dessert, my favorite course, I went with the Karydopita, a Greek walnut cake with honey lavender ice cream. It was definitely a meal to remember. I heard they also have a prix fixe lunch menu, which I definitely plan on checking out. In the meantime, I highly recommend the pre-theater menu for dinner!
#REVIEW#Sunday brunch!Pros:Great food, great ambiance, great service! And great olive oil. They way they serve the bread is brilliant. The olive oil and fresh herb leaves makes a piece of art. For starters, I highly recommend the grilled octopus. Doesn't get better than that! For main, I recommend the lamb chop. Perfectly cooked: Crispy on the outside yet tender and juicy inside. I also recommend trying their fish as well. Be aware that they serve the whole fish, with fish head. It's totally fine with me but you may want to think twice, in case this is out of your comfort zone.Cons:I wish there are some greens coming with the lamb chop instead of fries. The fries are ok but not blowing me away or anything.
#REVIEW#Looking for a fine dining experience with affordable price?Try out Estiatorio Milos's $32 Prix-fixe Lunch Menu!The very next day after the grand opening of Hudson Yards - NY, I made a reservation for three people at estiatorio milos.It was SUPER crowded by the entrance with the people in-line. However, I was able to get seated right away (The power of reservation! Whoop Whoop).Prix-fixe menu was only $32 per person.We all ordered a glass of wine (Rose and white wine).They first served us with a bag of bread with olive oils.For our appetizer, we ordered*Oyster - 6 pieces*Grilled OctopusFried CalamariI was very impressed with the grilled octopus (I LOVE octopus). It was cooked just right.Fried calamari was also delicious but nothing special about it. The 6 pieces of oysters were well presented and were FRESH.For entree, we orderedTuna BurgerSalmon Tartar*Grilled fish with lemon and capersTuna burger served with fried skinny zucchini (Although I was eating fried food, I felt somehow healthy).Salmon tartare was served with fries. I felt like it needed something acidic (Capers or lemon).Grilled fish was my favorite. Capers and lemon made the fish taste extra FRESH!For our happy ending dessert, we all ordered karydopita (Gree dessert cake made from walnuts) with vanilla ice creamI was too full by the time dessert was served. Karydopita was soft and sweet. Icecream was doing its job (DELICIOUS).*Recommended DishOverall, if you LOVE fresh seafood. You must try this place! They have window seats where you can view the vessel.After making a reservation, see if you can reserve for the window seat. Food portion were good and had really good service!
#REVIEW#Girlfriend and I decided to try the new Hudson Yards yesterday and were not disappointed.  To start, it's on 5th floor with the perfect view of the vessel right outside the window.  We tried to get s window seat but would've had to wait longer so we settled for a seat a little further away.  Not a big deal, they have an outdoor patio you can go outside to take pictures afterward anyway.  The atmosphere and decoration were clean, bright, and modern and the food was delicious.  We had the $32 price fix menu which was a real bargain.  They have a ton of staff but could probably be a tiny bit more organized.  Regardless, a very pleasurable afternoon experience with an amazing view!
#REVIEW#More like 4.5! Food was wonderful and service very friendly. We ordered from the lunch menu (3 courses for $32). I had the grilled octopus to start which was great! I have been to Milos Island in Greece and had the same dish there - the one I had at this restaurant was better!! I had the lamb for main course which did not disappoint.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star review is because of the atmosphere or lack there of.. there was no back ground music so the place was filled with the sound of clashing plates like in a cafeteria. Made the experience a little less enjoyable than it could have been.Bottom line - go for the food!
#REVIEW#I had lunch here last week.  Everything about this place is five star. Top of the line service, the food was incredible and delicious, the ambience is clean, bright and modern. They have a three course lunch for $34 and you can choose from several items.We started with the octopus appetizer. Slices of octopus on a creamy pureed hummus. Excellent. The Horiatiki salad was also delightful and done correctly. Main courses were the arctic Char --a salmon like fish-- on a bed of white beans and the lamb chops. The BEST lamb chops I have ever tasted. Dessert course was a walnut cake with lavender ice cream and Yogurt with bakalava crumbles.  Estiatorio Milos is in the elite category with my favorite restaurants in the country--Kokarri (SF), Commanders Place (NOLA), and The Water Grill (San Diego). The $34 lunch is a good price for what you get. The food and service could not be any better. And as a special bonus on this day, Hillary, the designer from 'Love It or List It' was at the next table. Five Stars plus. Two glasses of wine and two coffees with the dessert course and the NYC tax and it was $127 before the tip.
#REVIEW#Came for lunch during Restaurant Week and thought it was a great deal, if not the absolute best food ever. I ordered the calamari, tuna burger with zucchini fries and walnut cake for dessert. My boyfriend had the Meze dips and sea bream. The calamari was just okay, but the dips were great the entrees were delicious. Fish was perfectly cooked and the portion was huge. Tuna burger was tasty and I especially loved the zucchini fries. Service was good until the end, when it took forever for our waiter to bring our check. Overall it was a good experience.
#REVIEW#Great spot for fancy dining. My boyfriend surprised me with a reservation for lunch during a day in the city. Most important thing to note is that this place is FANCY so yes you need to dress accordingly. I wore a nice sweater and slacks and boots to brave the snow and felt very under dressed. The individuals dining here are NY business execs, so it's appropriate to dress up. To me, the hassle of dressing up to come here is not worth the food and the price. If you're big in to fish this spot is great for you as they have extremely fresh fish. However, I am a vegetarian and was not really into the items I ordered.We ordered the lunch special which comes with an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I had the meze trio, grilled veggies, and walnut cake. Everything was fine, but nothing special that I can't make at home or buy at the grocery store. Likely will not return unless my boyfriend is craving some special fish they have.
#REVIEW#Friday night dinner here was great. We probably won't do it again. I've had better fish and I was looking to really be blown away here which certainly didn't happen. We both had 2 glasses of wine each. All the wines we tried were great! I'd skip the stale bread basket but we were starving (mistake).We ordered the ceviche and grilled octopus for starters.  The ceviche wasn't worth it. No flavor. The octopus was soooooooo good. The fluffy fava purée it came with should just be sold alone in stores when this chef is ready to retire. The octopus was perfectly tender and so flavorful. We took the fish market tour with our waiter who kept only pushing the balada fish. I would walk away to go inquire about the other fish and he was staying put where the balada fish was. I even told him I've had it before elsewhere and think it's a flavorless white fish. He responded saying we would have to taste their version. My husband was like "well we usually love to take our waiter's opinion on what's good so what do u wanna do babe?" And I said ok let's try it. It was flavorless. Like I expected. Not sure if the restaurant needed to push out all the balada that night but everyone around us also ordered the same thing. And I'm seeing a ton of balada pics on yelp. Skip it!!! Their grilled veggies were delicious. The chocolate mousse cake was great but very rich/heavy. Good thing we had it with their Greek coffee. So yum!
#REVIEW#Pros- the grilled octopus was so tasty. It was not salty and was rly soft - the servers are friendly and nice- the olive oil tasted so fresh and was really good with the bread - in general, their food wasn't salty or too strong. A lot of restaurants in NYC serve food with strong seasoning which I dont like and so I liked how I did not have to drink lots of water after having a meal from this restaurant! - the lobster pasta was so good!! The pasta noodles were cooked just right and the lobster tasted so meaty and tasty Cons- I went to this restaurant during restaurant week, so the two course lunch menu was affordable! However, in general, I would say this place is pretty pricey to go to for lunch.
