#NAME#Blue Smoke
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-smoke-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#southern,bbq#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#1. Solid pork ribs - the sauce on the ribs is slightly spicy, tangy, and sweet and the meat is tender and flavorful albeit it does not quite fall off the bone.  It's not as tender as Might Quinn's but still very good.  Try it with the creamy white BBQ sauce which has a hint of mustard!2. The biscuits are definitely a must-order: buttery, light, and oh-so-decadent.  Service was great as always with a USHG place - so attentive and friendly.  Will be back to try the HH which has half-off food items after 8!
#REVIEW#Bottom line: I would agree with other reviewers that Blue Smoke is hardly the best (or even among the top) BBQ I've had in NYC. Though, it's not bad for a quick fix without making the trek to Brooklyn, Blue Smoke is hardly worth any special journey or effort. The location is great, and staff were good as well, but the food needs some improvement. Will be interesting to see what happens next with Chef Jean-Paul Bourgeois about to leave.Stopped by late one Saturday afternoon as walk-ins. Around 5pm, the place was quite empty but filled quickly by 6pm. The place is casual and easygoing, as is typical for any BBQ place. Clientele ranged widely in demographics (kids, grandparents, and everything in between) and Blue Smoke really feels like a place where all are welcome.To start, we enjoyed the Blood Orange Margarita ($15) which was AWESOME - really loved the blood orange, which is prominently featured, and the drink helped cut through all the rich BBQ while pairing well with its core flavors. Highly recommend!For food, we went with the Cue Classic ($45/pp) which allows you to sample nearly all the proteins, as well as all the sides. The amounts are portioned based on the number of people at the table, but nevertheless it was a lot of food. Luckily, they are more than happy to pack up the remnants. Ultimately, though, we found the 'cue a bit disappointing. Sauces, rubs, and smokey flavor were all prominent and nicely done. However, all of the meats we had (except the sausage) were just dry and cold, almost as if they had been sitting around for a while. They just lacked that satisfying juiciness you look for in good BBQ. Perhaps this was due to arriving at an off time, but I'm not totally sure.
#REVIEW#As a born and bred Southerner I am very particular about my BBQ. The majority of the BBQ places I've encountered in New York have been MEH at best. But I will say I am quite impressed by Bluesmoke. I initially came with pretty low expectations due to my previous BBQ experiences in this city. I was the first to arrive but I was able to get seating without needing my full party. I ordered an Old Fashion which was pretty good. By the time my party arrived I was able to scour the menu for the best option. Only one friend was able to make it so we decided to order the Rhapsody in 'Cue. It was $45 per person which was a great deal. My friend and I left stuffed with tons of leftovers. I must say the food was great. Definitely doesn't compare to my mom and pop shops in South Carolina and Texas but good nonetheless. I give the place two thumbs up.
#REVIEW#Had a spicy fried chicken sandwich via MealPal. It came with side "ships" and was given literally 8 piece of chips super small portion.But the sandwich itself was fine with a huge piece of fried chicken.Would order again but they should just not include chips or at least give u more. 8 piece is just silly and makes them look cheap, might as well just not include them.
#REVIEW#I guess for the convenience that blue smoke provided I should be a little more kind to them. It was a short walk from where I was previously and was a quick trip to the place I went after that. Got to be real with everyone I had no expectations for this place, which generally means the next line would be wow, it was great. False, this place was not great. Good at best. Mediocre regularly and disappointing on occasion.We tried every single thing the menu had to offer and there wasn't anything that made me go, "OMG, you have to try this place just for x."Brisket - hard pass, no flavor, not even smoke flavor. Pulled pork - was okay, a little dry but definitely a little more flavorful.Ribs - were okay as well. Good smoke flavor but stopped there.Sausage - I liked this the most, good flavor all around.Turkey - it was there. So I ate it. I am not a collared greens guy so I am not a great person to have rate them. Mac n cheese was definitely the best of the sides so kudos. Beans weren't spectacular and I am a big bean guy so that hurt me a little bit. The coleslaw wasn't the amount of sweet I like but that is a personal preference. Biscuits were good.Fries we're second best side after the mac n cheese. THE VERDICT:Great for a quick client meeting, not great for spectacular food. I love BBQ so much so it pains me to even leave this review (woe is me), but I just can't too much disappointment and sadness. I think the price was fair... not sure New York pricing is normally more expensive so I just chalked it up to that. Could be a rip-off, I would have no idea.
#REVIEW#Been coming here for many years, enjoyed a nice lunch of baby back ribs with coleslaw and a sida. Ordered up front and then was given a buzzer and within a matter of minutes the food was ready to be picked up in the back. The food was great, the ribs fell right off the bone when I cut into them which made it less messy to eat.
#REVIEW#BBQ review:It's okay. A little below average versus BBQ spots in the area, and well below good NJ spots. I'd probably put it on the same level as Mighty Quinn's. We ordered ribs, chicken, and brisket:-the brisket was extremely salty, and didn't have much other flavor. No smoky taste at all. -ribs didn't have much meat... pretty skimpy. Flavor was also okay, but nothing specialSides were fine.Will not return.
#REVIEW#Came in for just a quick bite as I saw online that they have a bar food happy hour that starts at 8pm. All bar snacks are half price. Pulled pork sandwiches are just $6 and totally worth it! The pork was super juicy and flavorful, but maybe a little too fatty for some people (I didnt mind it myself). It was a full sized portion and would definitely recommend. Also tried the Texas twinkies, which was a small jalapeno pepper wrapped in bacon and stuffed with cream cheese. At just $3 for 2 of them, also worth buying at the discount. They have a spicy fried chicken sandwich on the bar menu for $7 that I will definitely try next time I am in the neighborhood. This deal is not well advertised though in the restaurant (didnt see a menu or sign for it), so you probably have to know about the deal to get this discount before arriving.
#REVIEW#Who doesn't like BBQ right (oh, probably that vegan below who complained about going to a BBQ place and no meat free option)? I mean after apple pie BBQ is my second most favorite food.We all have our favorite joints and I'm surprised I haven't tried Blue Smoke yet. Time to change that. The space was nice, comfortable and spaced evenly as you aren't cramped and not so loud. The dining space is quite spacious. It was a busy night. Our server took awhile to get to us but that did give time to look over the menu and catch-up. We went with the cue classic for 2 people. It gave us all the options plus sides so a good sampler. We found it wasn't that much food if you are hungry. The portions was plenty to share and the sides equally enough. You still even had room for desert if desired. There was bottle of BBQ sauces (one slightly spicy and regular) to add if you wanted on the table. The Cue Classic came with Baby Back Ribs, dry Rubbed Chicken, Smoked Sausage, Chopped Pork, Shoulder, & Beef Brisket with Every Side, Pickles, Jalapeños, and Biscuits. Of the plate I think I would rank in this order of favorites: brisket (nice a moist - good on its own or with sauce), ribs (tender, falling off the bone - I liked with just on its own), smoked sausage (nice texture), chopped pork (kind of mushy) and chicken (was okay).The sides pork & beans (flavorful, not too sweet), Mac & cheese (super creamy), collard greens (always need some greens right?), coleslaw (was okay), biscuit (flaky, but prefer corn bread), french fries (who doesn't like fries!), creamed spinach (never been a fan).The banana pudding was pretty good. It was a nice contrast from the savory meat meal. It wasn't super sweet, creamy and good to share.We are lucky to have so many options for great bbq in the city. Blue smoke is certainly a great option but still doesn't beat our favorite but that would mean having to trek to Brooklyn and the other one on just on the other side in the same area.
#REVIEW#After checking the options on mealapp, I was craving a burger and where else do you go for a burger but Blue Smoke.  On the menu is Blue Smoke Burger with BBQ Chips.I picked an early pick up time.  Walked in the restaurant.  The QR code placard was visible and didn't need to go looking for it.  The food was packaged and ready to go  I scanned the information, showed the confirmation and was out the in less than 2 minutes.The restaurant employees were thoughtful to include a wet nap.  How can eating a burger be messy -- I can give you all the examples but let's not go there.  Let's talk burger -- it was juicy and perfect with lettuce and -- it totally satisfied my craving!  My only small complaint was with the chips.  Since some chips were under the burger it became soft and not crispy. Other than that, everything was perfect - Thank you so much.Definitely come here if you want some good burger and pit meat.
#REVIEW#I came here for a corporate event back in 2014 and came back again the other weekend for dinner since I remembered liking it and I was NOT disappointed in the food! When it comes to NYC BBQ, it's hard to beat this place. Between 2 people we shared the brisket, pork shoulder, pork and beans, mac and cheese, and a biscuit. We both agreed that the brisket was the best we've ever had- no knife was needed, it was just fall apart tender with great flavor. The pork had great flavor and consistency. The mac and cheese was creamy and delicious which was amazing because I'm so often disappointed in restaurant mac! The beans were rich with flavor and had a tiny kick to them. Last but not least, the biscuit was honey glazed and delicious with the strawberry jam and butter. The table bbq sauce was great and they also have a mayo based one which I forgot to try. We got desserts too- I had the cookies and cream whipped cheesecake (cheesecake flavors seem to rotate often) it was small but a perfect portion to not get sickly full and tasted good, my mom had the banana pudding and she said it was just ok, didn't have much banana flavor. The food was pretty much 10/10.The service is the only thing that makes Blue Smoke fall short of 5 stars. My mom has Celiac Disease (gluten allergy) and asked about a certain item on the menu and the chef told the server that soybeans contain gluten (not true) so my mom politely told him that soybeans don't contain gluten, and we got ignored and slight attitude the rest of the night. That was a turn off along with the chef not knowing what gluten is apparently? Scary! Besides that incident, I completely recommend Blue Smoke! Also be advised that it is a non-tipping restaurant!
#REVIEW#We ventured out after I had a looooong 12 hour shift at work...had plans to eat dinner elsewhere but figured let's just grab a drink here. The Old Fashioned with Basil Hayden bourbon was phenomenal. The bartender crafted the cocktail perfectly. I can't even describe it, just go there and order it.  The people next to us ordered a bunch of apps and we were suddenly enticed and figured let's just eat here too. We got the deviled eggs, which were nothing special. For entrees we got the Cornish hen which was smoked then fried. It was delicious, moist, with this super crispy delicious crust.  Def enjoyed that. The brisket wasn't too shabby either. The pepper crust cut through the fatty juicy meat nicely. The biscuits came with strawberry preserves that just helped tie the entire meal together. Overall good experience.
#REVIEW#I came here with my friend, but I'm seriously having a hard time remembering how I felt when I visited. This was at some point in 2018, though when exactly I don't remember.For one, while we did wait, it didn't take too long. We didn't make reservations, so when we showed up at maybe 6:00-6:30 or so, we were told that it would be a few minutes. I seem to recall that after walking around the block, we were seated.I wanted to come here specifically because they had a wing special actually, but I don't seem to recall any kind of promotion displayed. Still, we did get the wings, and they were indeed half off. They came with this kind of white sauce- I can't remember if we specifically requested the white sauce, but I think regardless, try not to order white sauce on wings, since I don't think it really matches up too well.For the life of me, I can't really can't remember what else we ordered. Cornbread, I think, which was just okay. I think we got ribs too, which were fine. Overall, it wasn't a terribly memorable place, but the wings deal does exist.
#REVIEW#I've been here about 5 times over the span of 8 years.  Don't know why this place gets any bad rap.  The decor is great; cocktails are creative, strong yet flavorful. The BBQ was very good -- was a fan of the beef ribs, but everything was good. And their fries were really good!  We basically finished our sides and almost all the meat, but decided to get another order even as our meal was dwindling down.Also, this place is now a non-tipping establishment. Which means, they look out for their servers.  I'm a fan.
#REVIEW#Really good food and dessert was delicious. We were able to be deated quickly and service was teslly spot on. I definitely want to try the ribs the next time im in New York
#REVIEW#Ordered the wing special which comes with fries and cole slaw via MealPal, but got a pulled pork sandwich and chips instead. A lot less food than I anticipated, but since I left the restaurant and did not feel like going back, I ate what I was given. The chips were stale and were pretty unappetizing. They served a more useful purpose as a fork to scoop up the pulled pork that dropped from my sandwich than as a small snack. One can easily tell that the chips aren't fried fresh and that they've been sitting around for a while. The pulled pork sandwich was slightly better, but not all that good to be honest. I've had better pulled pork sandwiches at Pig Beach and John Brown's. Overall, I wouldn't really recommend coming to Blue Smoke. And if you do decide to have your order to-go, before to double check it before leaving the venue.
#REVIEW#Loved this place. I'm a tough critic on BBQ spots but this place nailed the beef brisket sandwich. Also their food happy hour is a great deal! Happy hour menu is only available at the bar and their food happy hour starts after 8. This is a great place to fill up on a delicious meal before going out or just wrapping up the night. I highly recommend this place for anyone who enjoys good well rounded BBQ food.
#REVIEW#Very typically American. Spacious, good atmosphere, everyone seems content and happy. Service was average, not outstanding, not super attentive, can be difficult to get your server's attention. Food's pretty good for a BBQ. My order came out pretty quick and the meat was tender (except for chicken) - which is a must for baby back ribs. Ideally, the meat on those ribs would just fall off. It wasn't to that extent here, but it definitely was tender. Brisket was nice as well. Favorite dish was the cornbread madeleines. Fluffy with crisp edges. I also really enjoyed the biscuit. It's pretty small for the price though, so I guess the value wasn't there. But I'd still get it again because I love biscuits. Disappointed by the chicken. Tougher than expected. The sauce was too ranch-y and too sour. I had one piece and left it up to everyone else to finish the rest. And the mac and cheese was overpowering and a little too creamy. Finishing the mac and cheese would leave little room in your stomach for anything else.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and had a good time although food was mediocre Pros:- If you have a party of two and don't want to wait forever to get dinner, eat at the bar! Honestly, more fun and entertaining. - Service was great, bartender/waiter was attentive. - Brisket was soft and tender.- Mac and Cheese was delicious. The serving size is definitely for two. - Like how it's a non-tipping place because they pay their employees more but we still tipped. Cons: - Pulled pork was extremely dry - had to drench it in BBQ sauce, which wasn't that great either. I come for BBQ for the pulled pork so was really disappointed.- Regretted getting the biscuits because they were not good, felt like they were frozen and then heated up .- Bathrooms were dirty, was actually shocked for such a nice restaurant.
#REVIEW#Over the top delicious! I had the Alabama smoked wings and the piping hot cooked to order Madelines. This isn't what I think of when I visit New York, but this is definitely a new NYC favorite of mine. So impressed l!
