#NAME#Sushi by Bou Times Square
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-by-bou-times-square-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,japanese#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Amazing time! We came here by chance after we were rejected from Haven as their rooftop was "over capacity". Lucky us, we had a drink by the bar here to celebrate my birthday and Peter was an amazing bartender. We had the old fashioned and it was one of the best we ever had  While we were enjoying our drinks, we noticed that few seats opened up so we were lucky enough to sample the omakase. It was $50 pp for 12 pieces, ranging including toro and uni. Our chef was Kin, whom used to work at Masa. We had a great time there and everyone was super friendly. Come here for your birthday and you get a free sake drink! Cheers!!
#REVIEW#None of the pieces seemed special to me, there were some slightly bitter flavors in some piecesWagyu uni was goodRest of the pieces was average including the toro
#REVIEW#(Updated this to five stars after many repeat visits. The quality has been consistent every single time!)This place was cool. I mean hip. And hop. Ok, it was a little party inside. I've never been to a sushi bar with an ambiance like this one. There was loud lounge music, hip lighting, and original high-quality cocktails. The seating is timed and constantly churning. This makes sense: the place can only serve 7 people at a time. You get 30 minutes to eat. Each course comes at you as you finish your last. This is not a leisurely Saturday night sit down sushi. But before you dismiss it, know this: the sushi is excellent and the omakase is a great price!!This is a great place to start your date night, especially if you've got a show to run to. The quality is high for what you pay, the ambiance is definitely good for dates (unlike a typical well-lit sushi joint), and you can very accurately schedule when you'll be done. Walk in, get a drink, eat sushi, pay the bill, and be on your way in under an hour
#REVIEW#The goods....- for the price $50 in 30 minutes is a great deal- reservations a must. That way you don't have to wait. - Great Location (couple different spots)- Omakase list is pretty consistent - the Sushi Chef is super coolThe Downs.....- you rush to eat instead of indulging - very limited seat (up to 6 seats) so don't reserve if you Are a party of 4 or more.- Not surprise omakase since the list will be the same after you go on your first time. Overall is good food, great quick service and a Happy Belly
#REVIEW#Phenomenal experience again at the 47th street location. The service is impeccable and the sushi is perfection! Lulu is the hostess with the mostess and helped me carry my suitcase up the stairs when I left. I started with a complimentary cup of sake which was a gift from Tuesday at Handies by Bou. Here's what was on the omakase menu tonight Hamachi-Yellowtail Akamai-lean tunaChu toro-medium fatty tuna Botan Ebi-spotted prawn  yumIkura-salmon roe (eggs) which I opted out on Bincho-albacoreHotate-scallopUni-sea urchin which I normally turn down but it was tolerable I-toro-fatty Tuna which reminds me of steak tare tare Sake-salmonEel which was charred perfectly I am totally addicted to this place and wish they would open a Huntington Village location!!Miss you alrwaExcellent lunch here today on Memorial Day, 2019!!Gabriel is the best host and he's very welcoming!!BF and I took his kids here for a very special treat at $50/person. We had the 30 minute Omakase which was awesome!!Here the line up...Hamachi Blue finFatty tunaShims ajiSweet shrimpRoe MadaiAlbacore ScallopUniKim e daiFatty tunaFatty yellowtail Salmon Wagyu Seared bluefin Eel Everything was A++++I highly recommend!!!i
#REVIEW#Made reservations with my friends for omakase, a 30 minute lunch experience. It was a super fun time with Chef Kenny, Imax, and the whole crew joking with us the entire time. We had 12 rounds of nigiri, all were excellent and made with the freshest ingredients. Every patron gets a seat at the bar so you see first hand how your meal is prepared. Everything is freshly made. There is no such thing as pre-prepared here.The entire restaurant seats maybe 12 so the meal is definitely very intimate. The price is affordable, the food is incredible, and the company is wonderful.Five stars all around. Thank you sushi by bou!
#REVIEW#Very solid place in NY for omakase - and great value too! $50 omakase, 12 pieces, 30 mins (NY and its efficiency). The entrance is a little hidden and has colourful graffiti around it. The restaurant has 8 seats and you definitely need to make a reservation beforehand. And make sure you arrive on time! WHen I went there, they had the 30 in 30 challenge going on - basically if you post a picture of the restaurant/food on instagram, as long as you get 30 views/likes in 30mins, you get a free shot of sake and a toro handroll. Great marketing strategy but the challenge stressed me out a little during the meal so I wasn't able to focus on the food as much as I would like. Okay, to the actual food - all the sushi was made so well! My favourites were defintiely the uniagi/wagyu roll (I aws still thinking about it after the meal), the scallop and the fatty toro. I really like d the 12 piece selection - it hit all the right spots. The sushi chefs were really nice and joked around with us during our dinner. You can also add handrolls/uni shooter at the end if you're feeling up for it - but I was  feeling full enough after my omakase and handroll! Check this place out, you won't regret it!!
#REVIEW#An absolutely delightful find. It is omakase that is very affordable. It was under $70 per person along with drinks and omakase. We are seated based on a scheduled time (make sure to call in advance) and we were sat at a sushi bar where the sushi chef's will make your nigiri sushi on the spot. The rice is warm and the fish is fresh. There was a cut of every fish but my favorite was the truffled wagyu and the uni. You can tell it's made the right way as they serve it to you one by one instead of all at once. This ensures that all is fresh. It was a great first experience also the location is underground and kind of quirky.
#REVIEW#Made a reservation for this amazing restaurant one week in advance and the entire experience was incredible. This was my first Omakase and it exceeded my high expectations. It is a tremendous 12-course meal in 30 minutes. The ingredients they use are extremely fresh and you can taste every component each piece. The service was great and the sushi chefs are charismatic and you get to watch them make each entree in front of you. My favorite dishes in no particular order were the Wagyu-Uni, Uni, Scallop, Toro, Scallop, Botan Shrimp, and Albacore. They have a promotion where if you get 30 views of a picture in 30 minutes, you get a free Toro handroll, which was absolutely delicious. I also ordered a Wagyu-Uni handroll which has insane amounts of flavor that tastes fantastic!! I highly recommend this restaraunt for top tier sushi and a great overall experience.
#REVIEW#Why am I just now writing a review for this place? 10 stars if I could. 30 min Omakase (chef's choice) for $50, why not?? Gave this place a go after looking at reviews and it did not disappoint. Be careful looking for it because it's kind of hidden. Look for the blinking fish!The sushi bar seats I think 6? You have to have a reservation. You can do it via Yelp! There is a list on the left of what the chef has prepared for the night. They are fun to interact with or just enjoy them preparing sushi for you! They only down side is it's only 30 minutes so you kind of feel rushed.End your meal with a Big Mac hand roll! Thank me later! :)
#REVIEW#I made reservations for a party of 2 during lunch hours for their 30-minute omakase experience. This place wasn't that hard to spot as they had a sushi by bou sign out front and you can notice the graffiti stairs pretty quick. You have to go downstairs and it's in a small room. The staff were really friendly, always joking around. There are only 8 seats so the place is pretty small.The omakase comes with 12 pieces for $50 + tax & tip which is really worth it for NYC prices (or america in general). I honestly did not have very high expectations since I went to sushi on jones (the original $50 omakase place in nyc) and had a terrible experience. The fish was very fresh and delicious! I didn't feel like I was rushed at all and had a great time.I normally don't like shrimp or uni but I actually don't mind it here. My friend told the chef she didn't like shrimp so they gave her striped jack instead. The meal didn't get me full but I was satisfied. I would deff come back!
#REVIEW#My new go-to lowkey omakase spot. There are less than 10 seats at each time slot, so it's an intimate setting around the sushi chefs. The decor is very hipster amd is a great date spot. I felt super comfortable as a solo diner. The pacing (30-45 min) is actually perfect for a quick dinner, one of the major pros in my mind.Had the yuzu honey bee (gin instead of bourbon) and the drink was well made! Pricey new york drink of $17, but Imax, the bartender was super social and welcoming.The fish was so fresh! The scallop, hamachi, and tuna were so delicious. Adding on a Big Mac (wagyu, uni, toro, scallop) is a must, even if it's pricier! It's a decadent piece that should be saved for last. I'll definitely be back. Atmosphere, pacing, food, comfort: 11/10 Was a few minutes late to my half hour reservation (don't be like me!) but all was fine and good. Given the nature of how the sushi chefs serves everyone at once, really best to be on time.
#REVIEW#We've been looking for a reasonable omakase place so made a rez at Sushi by Bou based on Yelp reviews. So glad I did, what a unique and wonderful dinner we had there! As noted by others, it's a cozy space with 8 stools at the sushi bar and a few seats along the wall for imbibing cocktails. One must make a rez by text and make sure it's been confirmed (no phone calls). First one descends a street art decorated staircase to enter the culinary cocoon.  I felt like I was back in Japan with the homey atmosphere. The lovely hostess Tenzin greeted us and offered us some cold water. Tenzin was super friendly and upbeat throughout, engaging with customers and keeping the pace going. Frankly I was skeptical about a 30 minute turnaround being adequate so splurged for the "Bougie" one hour meal which consists of 17 pieces of sushi (versus 12 for the regular omakase), including the deservedly famous "big mac" uni and wagyu roll. The fish was uniformly fresh with several buttery pieces of o-toro, ebi and my fave hamachi included. The sushi chef seared several pieces of fish with a mini torch which brought out the flavor even more. Following Tenzin's recommendation we got two sake flights that went perfectly with the meal. We topped it all off with a beautiful jewel box of mochi ice creams, said our goodbyes and were off. Next time I'll try the 30 minute meal, the place runs like clockwork so I don't think I'll feel rushed after all.
#REVIEW#SENSATIONAL!The omakase experience you can get for $50 here is unbelievable. This is heaven for sushi purists. All of the pieces tasted amazing but the big mac (uni on top of seared wagyu) was the highlight of the meal. The uni and wagyu just melts away in your mouth. It was soooo good that I had to close my eyes to savor every second of it. I got annoyed when my boyfriend tried to ask me a question when I was still enjoying this piece. Other standout pieces include the otoro, shrimp, albacore, and uni. Even their medium fatty tuna was amazing! I love the simple straightforward omakase experience here. The restaurant is very intimate with only seats 8 guests total. Everybody is seated around the bar so you get to talk to the chef and watch them prepare each piece for you. The chef serves all guests at the same time so it's very important that you come on time. Each omakase time slot is about 30-45 minutes. I was worried about feeling rush at first but the pacing was perfect for a 12-piece omakase. Sushi by Bou just became my favorite sushi place in NY! It has everything I value in omakase places and is super affordable!
#REVIEW#This is the same review I sent directly to the restaurant (via the Yelp text service). Had thought it would be reflected directly on Yelp afterward. I've added additional details below it.--Everything was great except for the wasabi that was included in what could've been my favorite piece (the wagyu/uni). Even though I explicitly stated no wasabi. Be glad I am not allergic, but would hope you be careful for someone who might be.Unfortunately I could not taste the luscious wagyu or uni over the overwhelming wasabi flavor :(. In the past, when this happens at a sushi/omakase spot, the chefs usually apologized and re-made that piece for me, but this did not happen here (made me feel like I was unimportant).--Additional details of my Omakase experience aside from the aforementioned wasabi fiasco:My favorite piece was the otoro with truffle salt/oil, because anything with truffle is epic.I do wish the chef explained the pieces a bit better. Not just which fish - but also the garnish.Will come back to potentially try the a la carte items I didn't notice until we had left the sushi bar.Enjoy your omakase experience! Especially if wasabi doesn't bother you.
#REVIEW#TLDR: go to sushi by bou - you will not regret it.A M A Z I N G. Cannot rave about this place more. The sushi was unbelievable and the sushi chefs were incredibly friendly. I had the best time at Sushi by Bou and would 15/10 recommend this place to everyone. Omakase is a life changing experience and sushi by bou is definitely on the more affordable side of omakase. It's in this little underground area that kinda adds to the overall hipster kinda vibe. It also provides for a more intimate experience with the sushi chefs and you feel like you really get to know them even though each session is only 45 minutes. Each piece of sushi is a legit work of art and my favorites were the fatty tuna and the wagyu uni - just unbelievable flavor profiles.
#REVIEW#This was my first Omakase and it was certainly a memorable experience. Amazing and high quality fish. 12 pieces in around 30 minutes, all chosen by the house. However, they do ask you if you have any dietary restrictions and allergies before starting the meal. The fish ranges from tuna, to salmon, sea urchin, albacore, and eel. The chefs are friendly and really talented, sometimes using a blow up torch for some of the pieces. Overall expensive ($50 each for the Omakase), but worth it. One thing I would like to note, for hungry people like myself, this is not very filling, and you may leave feeling hungry still, even though you just dropped $50 dollars.
#REVIEW#BEST SUSHI ever ! 12 pieces for $50 omakase. Wth? So cheap! This was SO good, each piece was seasoned perfectly. We dined at Sushi Nakazawa, rated for their Michelin Star for $500 for 2 of us, and here was 1/5th of the price for way better sushi! The staff here was superb, always making sure your needs are met. Sushi seasoned to perfection and it's also quick ! If you're not down for that 2 hour dinner, here is quick but also definitely not lacking on flavor or taste. All of the workers were super friendly and personable, making our dining experience even better! Also the drinks are SOOOO good. My husband got the old fashion (best old fashion I've tasted) and I got the vodka mint drink. So good ! Definitely recommend ! It's hidden downstairs in a cute speakeasy doorway.
#REVIEW#Thanks to Liz S.'s warning, I was extremely careful heading down the stairs to enter this establishment - and got to the door injury-free! - even though I was in a hurry to check in for our reservation. (My phone had died, so I was nervous, but turns out I got there early.)I really dig the 30-minute $50 omakase model as it's a perfect pre-theater dinner option. This location is also particularly convenient for those attending shows at the Lincoln Center or Carnegie Hall. Due to the strict timing, it's important not to be late (I believe they hold your reservation for 2 mins). The staff was very nice and the sushi was delicious! The chefs were cranking out 12 different types of sushi with such swift efficiency. It's not a huge meal, but it worked for me. If you're still hungry at the end, they do have a few a la carte add-ons. They also offer cocktails, but I declined this time around since I didn't want to fall asleep during my show. The drinks looked tasty, though, so I'm definitely interested for next time!
#REVIEW#Super amazing value for $50!! The omakase experience includes 12 pieces of sushi, strict 30 minute window from the time of your reservation- be on time! (Mine started less than 10 minutes from my reservation time) The restaurant only has around 10 seats available so you definitely have to make a reservation beforehand. Every cut of fish was fresh and since it was my first omakase it really made me want to try others as well! After the experience is complete, they will ask if you want to get more of any of the pieces and they add the price accordingly. You can probably stay about 45 minutes max.
