#NAME#Briciola
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/briciola-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,wine_bars,tapas#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Excellent family style eatery with great ambiance and a cozy location. No alcohol other than wine.I went with my family for a late dinner and we all shared what we ordered and no one left hungry even though their serving sizes are a bit smaller than average(for America). The ravioli was exceptionally good and the specials were really special. The wine was particularly good but they do not have any other alcoholic beverages at this location (though the bar across the street is owned by the same people and serves the same menu. Food came out quickly and was well prepared.Exceptionally authentic and you may need a translator app to read the menu but the staff is friendly, helpful and ready to answer any questions you may have about the menu.
#REVIEW#We did not dine here but got it delivered instead.  We got it on a late night when we were too medicated to leave the hotel.  We ordered their Ravioli Lobster with Asparagus, Penne Pasta, and Black Truffle Gnocchi.  My favorite was the their simple penne pasta that came with just artichoke.  It was very creamy, the flavor was excellent, and the artichokes went great with it.  The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente and I as really happy with it.  The other dishes were just okay.  The ravioli with pasta came with some asparagus.  It did not live up to the hype everyone was talking about.  The dish was small and even the asparagus was sparse.  The only thing I liked about it was the sauce was pretty tasty.  The black truffle gnocchi was only offered in their entree size ($25).  The sauce was underwhelming.  It's not worth mentioning.  All three items came out to be around $65.  Because I did not dine in I do not have anything to say about their service and the actual restaurant.
#REVIEW#amazingfrom the wine selection to the branzini, lasagna pto the tiramisu ... perfection!ambiance is comforting, service isattentive and all tucked away from the maddening crowds.
#REVIEW#Lovely, bustling small place. Nice Italian wines by the glass. Marvelous, knowledgeable  bartender and wait staff. You will find delicious plates to satisfy pastas, salads and vegetables.
#REVIEW#So good, we came twice!Best Italian we had the pleasure of eating in New York.Our family enjoyed the bbq pork ribs, lamb chops, lasagna, mac n cheese, risotto, and lobster ravioli.Nothing but good words for all of them. The bread was crunchy and assisted in eating the pastas.The meats are definitely worth the cost. Everything is small plates to be shared.
#REVIEW#Briciola is by far my favorite wine bar in Manhattan. It's my go-to place for good food and good wine in Hell's Kitchen. It's such a tiny space so sometimes you have to wait to get seats but if you don't mind sitting in a cramped bar area, you're almost certain to get seated right away. My favorite dishes are the Pulpo (Octopus) salad (so tender and tasty!) and the Mushroom pasta - so rich and delicious! They also give you a generous portion for wine so it's well worth the price. I would recommend Briciola if you want to just have an easy, chill evening with wine and good good in Hell's Kitchen. It's truly a gem!
#REVIEW#My husband abd I have been to Briciola before. It was wonderful. But we will never come back after last night. It is embarrassing that we brought a dear friend who was in town for the week, to this restaurant and had one of the worst dining experiences. First off, please tell the employees to use deodorant. No one wants to smell body odor while eating, especially in such a small place.Two, I don't know what they ran out of in the kitchen, but the bits and pieces we could decipher was that something was needed from a store for the soup. Discuss in away from the guests. Then having an employee come out of the bathroom and start touching food we're about to eat was all kinds of wrong. My husband was ready to walk then. But I convinced him to stay. I ordered oysters. One reason I cane there. They were rotten and vile. And it's the only time I've ever not eaten most oysters on my plate. I am addicted to oysters.  I had two or three and asked the waiter to take them away. They smelled rotten. They tasted rotten. Two of them were cracked, and missing parts the front of the shell. And, a good waiter/restaurant would have taken them off the check. But, they didn't. Abd we weren't going to make a big deal in front of our guest. The cauliflower soup was like dishwater, which is probably from the person who cane out of the bathroom abd then started touching the food. The octopus salad was like eating burned rubber tire. And I believe our friend, who met my husband when they were in culinary school together, said of his tortellini that it tasted "like frozen macaroni you'd buy at the supermarket."We couldn't get out of there fast enough to go find somewhere to go for dessert, which is what we were looking forward to the most. I will say this: The woman and her date just down from us were popping oxytocin (they were quite vocal about it, among other things) while have several drinks. I'm starting to think they were on to something, cause I think that's what is needed to get through a meal here. Seriously, the first time we fell in love with this restaurant. But when I woke up throwing up from those spoiled oysters this morning, love is not anything close to what I feel now about this place.
#REVIEW#We have been to Bricola one other time, but tonight will be the last. Walking in we were greeted by the same guy that was there before. I'm assuming the owner. We asked to see a dessert menu and he told us what there were and pointed to a row of seats at the end of the bar right when you walk in from outside. But we didn't want to sit there and since we have had a bite there before we said why not, let's eat again. I really really wish we had just walked out. The food was horrible. The owner guy was just rude. The only other people in the room were talking very loudly about doing drugs and the effects on the male anatomy while doing so. It was just wrong from start until end.
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing! I was surprised by how delicious this tiny restaurant is.The Pulpo with the thinly sliced octopus and fennel was probably the best appetizer I've ever had! Big portions, and extremely refreshing.The only thing about this place is that there's only one large community table or a bar to sit at. There are no private tables. However, the food is worth it! I promise. Prices are good too.I will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#I was honestly just so uncomfortable with the setting. They seat you at a very long bar table with every other party (which I get, that's the setting and ambience they were going for) but they should at least space it out a little more because I was constantly bumping elbows with the people on my side literally all night long. It was so crowded I could barely get onto my stool and the waiters were constantly brushing against my back because there was no walking space behind us either. I could barely hear what my friend was trying to say to me across the table and there is literally 0 intimacy or space unless you're fortunate enough to score the end of the table. Aside from the rowdy setting, the food is very decent. I wasn't so impressed, but it was still good. We ordered the fettuccine ai funghi which was very good, very flavorful although I couldn't taste so much of the truffle. The gnocchi was delicious but I got tired of it toward the end. Overall it was decent and the food IS good, don't get me wrong, but I probably wouldn't go again because I could definitely find a better Italian joint where I'm also much more comfortable.
#REVIEW#Briciola is a great wine bar find in Hell's Kitchen. What really caught my eye was the pricing as Italian in NYC tends to be way pricier. For pastas at $16, I was sold. I had the Fettuccine with the wild mushrooms and truffle oil- pretty delicious! I am a huge fan of anything with truffle oil, so I was easily convinced this dish was going to turn out great and sure enough it was. They serve bread as well, but it didn't come with any olive oil or balsamic vinaigrette so I recommend you ask unless you want just plain, cold bread. I do want to warn those looking for a more intimate dinner, because you won't find that here. There is one long dinner table for those dining in, then there's the bar separate. They typically sit you across from each other, so don't expect to sit next to your date. We didn't mind this, but you will hear the conversations around you and people will hear yours so just beware when you're considering Briciola.All together, I'd love to come back next time I'm in town solely for the wild mushroom, truffle oil pasta.
#REVIEW#Despite it being cramped, the food was amazing. Such a cute find up in the Hell's Kitchen area. I got the carbonara pasta and it was deliciously creamy, along with the goat cheese stuffed eggplant app. Excited to go back!
#REVIEW#Fantastic! Oh my gosh - this place was delicious. It is cozy with one side as a bar and other as communal table. We sat at the bar and got mushroom with truffle oil parpadalle (you can switch a pasta very easily) and lobster ravioli. Both were amazing, exceeding expectations. The service was great as well. A little small, probably not great for groups over 4, but so so delicious!
#REVIEW#I came here on a date. While my date was good, the food was not. We started with an arugula salad. The salad was overpriced for what it was, and the dressing was unimpressive. What really stood out to me was the ravioli, but not in a good way. The ravioli itself was too chewy, which would have been forgivable had the sauce not tasted bad. It was incredibly bland and did not have the flavors the description on the menu purported it to have. Normally, I'll still try to finish the food, but I couldn't finish this ravioli. After a few bites, I was done. We decided not to order dessert. The table itself felt cramped. We were jam-packed onto a long communal table, that could have done with 2 less seats. I was so close to my neighbors on each side that I was constantly afraid to bump into them. Moreover, it took forever to get the staff's attention. While our waiter was friendly and pleasant, it took way too long to flag him down. Not somewhere I'd return to.
#REVIEW#Exceptional food. Attentive, friendly and knowledgeable staff. I had their special which was incredible: mango and goat cheese salad with arugula. My boyfriend who does not even like those ingredients enjoyed the dish. The mango was very thinly sliced, the goat cheese was encrusted. The truffle gnocchi (another special) was incredible. The sauce was rich and creamy and it appeared as if they torched the dish with flame. The meats we tried were just ok. Wine/ cappuccinos were very nice. However- I would suggest for the owners to have some type of sweeter on hand (perhaps even stevia). Overall a lovely place and looking forward to visiting again soon!
#REVIEW#Occasion: dinner with friendsA perfect casual Chic Italian restaurant/bar for you to catch up with friends over good drinks and food. You can also use this restraint for a casual / no expectations date. Ambience: either bar seating or shared communal table. No intimacy necessarily. But very casual and livelyFood: excellent Italian with modern twist and techniques. Highly recommend: Tuna tartare Any pastaAny risotto
#REVIEW#The atmosphere is nice, the service good but the food is barely decent. I tried for example pappardelle with cinghiale and garganelli with osso buco and besides tasting pretty much all the same, flavors were not even blended together. Definitely not good and definitely not recommended
#REVIEW#This place made me sorta misty-eyed thinking of our first trip to cicchetti bars in Venice. If you're looking for that small, intimate, Euro vibe with some great wines and tasty share plates, Briciola is worth a visit.We stopped in before a show to grab a few nibbles, but wound up going full course. The porchetta crostini was super succulent (maybe could of used a pinch more salt),  and the accompanying salsa verde was bright, herby and fresh. The shrimp were just okay, but the octo salad made up for it -- we loved the bit of tang and pop from the capers especially. We split the lasagna bolognese and a bottle of Nero D'Avola to round out the meal. Some nice rich, meaty flavors that played off each other extremely well.We left feeling super warm and cozy, due to equal parts rosey wine-o cheeks and being cramped next to other patrons at the bar. But absolutely no regrets as long as you're okay with sacrificing a bit of personal space (to be expected around these parts). All in all, a nice theater district option with really good staff, fresh food, and a generous wine list.
#REVIEW#Went here during lunch on a Monday. Even for lunch on a Monday this restaurant had a crowd.  Everything from the appetizers to the wide selections of pastas are incredible. We had oysters, mozzarella with prosciutto, and a salad as appetizers (all were perfect) For main course, I had lobster raviolis. (It was very good) I also tried the penne pesto e carciofi and it was just amazing.Overall It's a very small and intimate spot and if you don't mind rubbing shoulders with strangers give this place a try.
#REVIEW#Food reviewI don't drink so I was there for the food and I was pleasantly surprised. It is communal seating so it was a bit crowded and also a bit awkward once it gets full because the people next to you can be in your conversation. We ordered the baked clams, grilled octopus salad, mac & cheese, brussel sprouts and mushroom fettuccine. Besides the underwhelming baked clams, everything else was great. My favorite was the mac & cheese with the perfectly done cheese on top. I was so full and the bill came with each of us paying less than $30. Great value. Great food. I am sure the drinks are good because it is a wine bar. No reservation so come earlier!
