#NAME#Gelso & Grand
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gelso-and-grand-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,pastashops,pizza#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Cute little bistro in Little Italy- I went for my birthday with my best friend, and had the greatest evening ever.Food was AMAZING, and I for one never finish my entree, but my food was so good, I literally inhaled it.Will go back! Five stars are not enough!
#REVIEW#This is a great place to bring family. It's upscale, modern, big, and got a great atmosphere. I liked the food though I wouldn't particularly say I was blown away, because I can't think of anything very memorable off the top of my head. I would say, don't go for the Holy Cannoli. It's very very expensive and just way too sweet. Maybe if you were sharing with 10+ people. Each person will only be able to handle 2-3 bites of that sweetness. I'm bummed I wasn't there for the hot chocolate one, though, I think I would've enjoyed that more!
#REVIEW#We came here on a Friday night for dinner. The ambiance is charming with exposed brick, large windows and kitchen elements as part of the decor. Place was not very full for peak dinner time, with mostly families at the restaurant. It did get livelier as the night went on though. Service was attentive but a bit cold and aloof. We got a Negroni and a glass of wine to drink, and both were good. To eat we had the Pistachio Pesto and the Brown Butter Gnocchi. The pesto came on spaghetti and was quite good although a bit oily. The gnocchi had braised lamb which was quite good but the sauce had a bit too much tomato which I had not expected. Both portions were quite big by New York standards.Above average food and decor in an otherwise touristy part of town.
#REVIEW#Not very good service. That was a big turn off. Not friendly and not fast. I was turned off. Had the Brown Butter Gnocchi with braised lamb, hazelnuts and cheese. Pretty good. Sauce was goodness cooked well. Hazelnuts is nice touch. Coffee ok. Clean. Salmon tartare was good. Crowded. Same waitress was really friendly with the table next to us (all guys).
#REVIEW#Came for the gigantic cannoli, stayed for the bruschetta!A friend and I saw the massive cannoli recently and decided to plan a trip to NYC just for it. However, we decided that just dessert wouldn't cut it and ordered some small appetitzers. We chose the truffled honey and burrata bruschettas ($12 each) and a small charcuterie board ($22). Everything was soooo good - that truffled honey bruschetta was absolutely AMAZING.Now on to the cocoa cannoli, the piece de resistance. That thing is so monstrous that our server literally wished us luck when we dug in.It was $25, but oh-so-good! It's got 2 different fillings on either end, some hot chocolate in cookie shot cups, and a small brownie. There's also a crab mallet thing to smash it, y'know to facilitate the eating process.As great as the food and the service was, prices are a bit steep. However, I'd love to come back and try some other plates on the menu!Tl;dr: slightly high prices, yummy  bruschetta, yummy cannoli
#REVIEW#Amazing! Every dish was unique and very tasty. I loved all three dishes that my friends and I ordered. The pistachio pesto was really unique and satisfying, although perhaps a bit one-note by the end. The squid ink pasta was so fun and delicious with a cheesy inside! The steak and fries was a classic but not any less delicious or interesting for all that. Really great place, although pretty expensive.
#REVIEW#I may not be the best photographer as this photo doesn't do this pizza justice it was Delicious. As far as the restaurant itself Nice tables. Good food. Good servers. Will be coming back on my next trip to NY.
#REVIEW#Came in on a Wednesday with a reservation for 6 pm for 7 people. They say they don't seat you until your entire party has arrived, but once most of us were there, they let us sit down. To start, we had the Brussels sprouts and the calamari. The sprouts were pretty standard. The calamari would have been good if it wasn't so salty. I did like the aioli (?) sauce that it came with, though. For the main, my cousin and I shared the Chef's special, which was a fontina cheese, mushroom, speck, and spinach. It's not that big but it was enough to fill the both of us, since we also had some apps. I also tried a bite of my other cousin's pasta. I can't remember which one it was but it was some plain, cheese one. It was also super oily, so I don't think the pasta here is worth it for $20 something.While the pizza was pretty good, I don't think it was good enough for me to make a return trip.
#REVIEW#The coolest unique pizza ever is the mushroom pizza!! Nothing I ever had before and was intimidated to try, so I'm so happy I did.It was super delicious and tasted healthy actually! If you check out the rest of their menu, Gelso and Grand has some really cool awesome pizzas.
#REVIEW#You've probably already seen the pistachio pesto pasta on the menu ($22). Well, here is your validation that you should definitely get that. It is the perfect balance of nutty, herby, and chewyness.  What you should also get is a side brussel sprouts ($10). They are crispy af. The splurge item that you don't need but really really want is the bone marrow bruschetta ($12 for 2). It will totally cut the roof of your mouth but is it worth? 10000% yes. Do you know what it's like to not have to scrape bone marrow with a little tiny spoon only to get a little taste? I didn't think so. If you get this though, and you will, you too will get that luxury in your mouth without the work.
#REVIEW#Great location, sits on the pulse of Little Italy with incredible service and options. We tried multiple tastes on the menu all of which were a hit. Big plus on cocktail options which can be a hit or miss when going Italian. Trendy atmosphere.  Porchetta was by far the best I have had.
#REVIEW#Whenever I'm in Little Italy, I come here! The food is amazing and I've always experienced great service. For drinks I had the watermelon cooler. You have the option to have it made with tequila or mezcal. The bartender recommended mezcal and it did not disappoint! I loved the smoky flavor along with the sweetness from the watermelon juice. It was very refreshing!I also ordered the pistachio pesto pasta. The portion was quite large. I could barely eat half of it! The pasta was a perfect al dente. You could tell is was freshly made. The pesto had good texture and flavor to it.
#REVIEW#On a nice sunny day this place was very welcoming with large open windows - some tables outside as well as in. We were aware little Italy could be touristy so researched and booked table here in advance. The setting is modern and staff super efficient. Staff was super friendly and the service was good and very fast (we barely waited). We ordered calamari, the bruschetta (buratta), the pesto pasta, few pizzas, and the broccolini, etc. All were delicious. Exceptional food at a reasonable price.
#REVIEW#Cyndy's Bottom Line:  Relaxing place for a leisurely lunch.We sat outside to enjoy people walking and a leisurely lunch outside with the good weather.This is what we ate:Salmon Tartare - diced up salmon with a lemon dressing and fish roe.  Light and delicious.Burrata salad - creamy burrata with a salad of radicchio, olives and assortment of tomatoes.  Perfectly dressed.Bruschetta with duck and mushrooms.  Savory shaved duck with a midley of delicious mushrooms.
#REVIEW#Perfect spot for a birthday party!! They have two private rooms away from the tourist - 16 seater an 18 seater! Liza is amazing and patient with your last minute requests!  She was helpful in sorting out the details!The appetizers and entrees were delicious and way too much food!! If you are looking for a group dinner, private party or group dinner -  this is going to be my new secret!!!The holy cannoli was a big surprise! Get it
#REVIEW#Decided to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday at G & G and finally having the holy cannoli! The high ratings by fellow yelpers certainly did not disappoint.We were seated right away as we had reservation for two. Place was a bit dark which gave it a romantic vibe. Tables were a bit too close but we managed. There's a bar on the left when you first walk in and a nice private room in the basement. Service was quick and attentive. Our glasses never ran out of water. Appetizers: crispy octopus was amazing! Very flavorful. Truffled honey bruschetta was delicious. I'm usually not a cheese person but the goat cheese was really good.Bone in NY strip: medium rare was perfect. Good portion. Love that it came with a bit of greens.Prosciutto pizza: nice thin crust. There were six slices which made it a good dish to share. Cocoa cannoli: highlight of the evening! People around us were simply amazed by its size. You literally need a hammer to smash it. Loved how it came with some hot cocoa which you could pour into the little edible chocolate cup. Obviously we were so full at this point and had to pack most of it home. The restaurant was nice to put a candle on it. Happy birthday honey!! Awesome food. Great service. Amazing boyfriend. What more can I ask for. :)PS: don't forget to check in to get 10% off.
#REVIEW#Popped into G&G on a gloomy Sunday for brunch. I usually have low expectations for brunch in NYC... expect to pay an arm/leg for just alright food that you could prepare yourself at home. G&G was totally worth though!First some trivia: Gelso means Mulberry in Italian... so G&G is fittingly located at the intersection of Mulberry & Grand. The space is beautiful and warm. I found it much more aesthetic than some of the tacky spots in Little Italy.Onto the food! We started off with coffee: a latte and flat white. Both of us thought the coffee tasted a bit watered down but was passable. For mains, we opted for the Croque Madame and Espresso tiramisu french toast. Both came out speedily and at the same time. Upon glance at the french toast it was clear that this was on the sweeter side: borderline dessert so we first shared the Croque Madame.The Croque Madame had two blocks of perfectly buttered, toasted bread with seared slices of ham and a splendidly poached egg atop. Amazing flavor and exceeded expectations. With half a sandwich in our bellies, we ventured onto the french toast... bursting with chocolate flavor; however not overwhelming. Each bite was delicious and paired perfectly with our coffees.Overall, the ambience, the service, and the food was top notch. I definitely will be returning to try dinner here.
#REVIEW#This place was just ok. Very hip ambiance but I would have traded some of that for some A/C. The food was again just ok. I got the pistachio pesto dish, the bartender recommended shrimp on it so I got it. The shrimp came on a side plate with then fin/shell on still. If I'm paying $10 to add something to a dish it should be cooked and tossed together. On top of that the dish itself lacked flavor, I expected much more as the dish looked great on yelp. Also...the wine was served warm af! Seriously, if you're an Italian restaurant wine should be served at the appropriate temperatures.
#REVIEW#3.5 starsGelso is the Italian word for mulberry. Gelso & Grand is located in Little Italy, on the corner of Mulberry & Grand. A series of customer service issues, which on their own wouldn't have been a cause for concern, but compiled, prevented our dining experience, & therefore this review, from being 4 stars: our table for six was available 20 minutes after our reservation time; we were charged for bottled water, which the waiter promptly removed from our bill (perhaps because he didn't inform us of the free option?); & when my dish didn't arrive with the rest of my table's, no staff could tell us for over 10 minutes when or if it was coming, leaving my group to sit around & wait (even though I instructed them to dig in.) Quite an uncomfortable predicament, considering I had ordered the simplest pasta dish -- spaghetti pomodoro.My dish itself was good -- nicely-cooked pasta, not over-sauced. My beet salad starter is worth coming back for (& big enough that anyone who wanted a taste got one.) The brown butter gnocchi with lamb ragu was a hit, but the seafood cioppino was spicier than my dining partner anticipated. The pistachio pesto pasta looked promising, but was not as exciting as our other companions had hoped. I'd give this restaurant another shot, as no one ordered pizza for me to try at our dinner. Hoping for a better experience next time 'round.
#REVIEW#Stylish environmentGood serviceNice pastaHowever this was the first Italian restaurant I've experienced that does not offer free cute bread. Maybe I am spoiled, but I do prefer to have them. My friend complained about the amount of food and the price. He ordered cacio e Pepe agnolotti -- he thought $24 (before tax) for ten ink dumplings (without fillings) was overcharged... well I have to agree as the amount of food was really light to fulfill one's stomach, even for a girl. (And they offered no bread to help on that lol)Overall four stars, but I guess I would not come for a second
