#NAME#Breads Bakery
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/breads-bakery-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bakeries,cafes#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Jet lag woke us up early. Decided to go for early morning walk in NYC. We were hungry so decided to stop at a local bakery. Turned out to be this delectable spot!!!!!The heavenly smell of bread baking and the warm welcoming atmosphere drew us in.We chose a bun with Gouda and egg. Plus a croissant with egg and avocado. OMG!!!!! Such deliciousness!!!!!! We devoured our food!!!!! And ordered a parfait as well. It was one of the freshest tastiest ones we've had!!!! It was topped with freshly made granola yummmmmm!Ordered a few baked items to take to our hotel for later. Everything tasted so fresh and wholesome.Will go again for our early morning meal can't leave the city without visiting this spot again!Thank god for jet lag !!!!
#REVIEW#Reading online about Breads Bakery and walking up 5th Avenue, I knew that I swinging by was a must. With Passover just finishing, Breads still had a Passover menu, but I had my eye on the chocolate babka. Although I didn't order the babka, it did look mighty fine. FOOD: Almond Croissant. Apricot Marzipan cookie. The almond croissant was perfect, a bit more on the dense side, but not too dense where you can still get the flakes and the airiness in the croissant. The marzipan cookie was also so flavorful and for the size of the cookie, it definitely packed a punch. The price of Breads Bakery is on the higher side (Manhattan, well-known, tasty), but it is definitely justified. SERVICE: Speedy and efficient! Overall, Breads is definitely one of those places I would go back to again. The babka looked amazing (although the portion for two people looks big, I'd have to plan my trip to Breads Bakery to take back with me to California!) and other breads there like the challah. Definitely a once-in-a-while type of treat for me coming to New York and now I will have to add Breads Bakery as one of my top bakery places in NYC.
#REVIEW#Breads Bakery is deserving of its hype. It is such an amazing bakery, and a must-try for locals and visitors alike.This location is spacious with seating. There is a mixed of self-serve pastries as well as ones that require being serviced. There's a lot of foot traffic, but you can get in and out pretty quickly-Chocolate babka: This is definitely what Breads is known for. An absolute must try if you stop by. There's really nothing much more I can say that people haven't tried already. It is 100% worthy of the praise and rave reviews. It is super rich and moist and much more of a pastry than bread. They don't hold back on the chocolate.-Chocolate Rugelach: small but flavorful. I love stopping by for this if I want a snack. It's small enough of a treat where I don't feel super guilty eating it, but it packs  some serious flavor in and does the trick-Cookie: I had a cookie that was made of white chocolate, raisins (or was it cranberries?), and oatmeal, and it was delicious. I would get it again, but if you can only get 1 or 2 things, I'd pass on the cookies.
#REVIEW#This is such an amazing bakery.Pros:+ Really cute for visiting - great for coffee dates+ Smells like heaven the second you walk into the room.+ The babka is out of this world -  Yes it is pricey, but omg, it's melt in your mouth heaven. I would + Easily freezable babka - pre cut it into slices and pop them as craved into the oven. You will not regret itCons:- Price. This bakery easily charges 2-3x what others would.  However, the quality is simply amazing. So it is worth that extra tiny splurge :)
#REVIEW#There are a couple breads now, so this is kind of meant to be one half a store wide review, the other half me reviewing this place specifically.The store near union has some great lighting, and during the times that I've been there, it's never been too crowded. There is actually a bathroom in here, in case you were curious. I believe the seating inside here is self seating, so you won't have to pay for any wait service (this is my experience from the summer of 2018), but do clean up after yourself. On of the more popular items here are the babkas. I think that it's a safe bet to go with the chocolate babka. I have also gotten the chocolate chip cookie on occasion, and I think it's pretty decent. It's a little crunchier than I'd like it to be (more of a soft cookie fan), but overall it's pretty good- a 4/5 cookie.If I had to pick my favorite item here though, it would probably be the Rugelach. For me, it isn't too sweet, yet wonderfully chocolatey. The hardest part about ordering this thing is of course its pronunciation. Just pretend like you're spitting or something? Sorry for the imagery.
#REVIEW#Meh. Based on all the amazing reviews I'm going to assume I chose the least exciting item on the menu. I ordered the Red Shakshuka (pictured) and it was super underwhelming. No flavor. At all. Tasted like super basic pizza dough topped with canned diced tomato, egg, and a sprig of fresh parsley... Oh, and MAYBE a sprinkle of garlic powder (not even canned minced garlic). Super disappointing. Waste of money. I ordered my shakshuka hot (the friendly cashier asked me if I wanted it warmed up), to dine-in. But by the time I ate it, it was lukewarm. From the time my shakshuka was handed to me, it took the barista nearly 10 minutes to make my iced latte. She made at least 5 other drinks (for people who ordered AFTER me) before she decided to make mine. And she just sort of threw it at me. I was too annoyed to say anything or ask for my food to be reheated.  Oh, I also ordered a chocolate chip cookie... the first bite of the cookie was good but the rest tasted stale and lacked any flavor except chocolate chunks smh.
#REVIEW#A proper Bakery with mostly French baked goods. There must be alot of butter or lard that goes into their pastries since everything is flaky and crisp. They have great croissants, potato boureka and danish. Generally everything looks so good !
#REVIEW#I decided to go to Breads because of the hyped Babka and I thought it was overhyped BUT IT IS NOT.Bread: There were a lot of options to choose from but I had my eyes set on the Chocolate Babka and they also have a cinnamon raisin one which also looked delicious. Let me tell ya I did not look at the price and just got my Babka and headed to the cashier and then realized this Babka is $15.... Pretty pricey for bread but I tasted it once I got back home and it was so delicious. Melted in my mouth. I froze the rest of it and brought it back to LA to share with my parents and they also really liked it.Defrosted the bread and put it in the oven for 5 min and the bread was sizzling and delicious. You can freeze and bake it and tastes even better.I wasn't in the bakery for too long to see how service was but the employees were nice to me during my 5 minutes in there.Would I come back? Yes, I would despite the priciness of the bread I would come back because it is definitely worth it.
#REVIEW#I've only ever had the chocolate babka here and it. Is. To. Die. For!! Perfectly moist and so so chocolatey. I believe they put nutella in it too which just makes it infinitely better. FYI they only sell it by the loaf (not by the slice) though so get ready to share! :)This place also has lots of seating and WiFi so i imagine its good for working too!
#REVIEW#Breads bakery is on another level of incredible. Their babka is some of the best I've ever had.  I had no idea that it was the Mecca of home-baked goods, including breads, pastries, and all sorts of breakfast items.  I devoured the babka solo, and got some rugalech for my hubs who said they were delish too.  Very excited to go back and try more of their items, and I have my eye on the babka again tho too
#REVIEW#Heard about this bakery because of the chocolate babka they have. So went in to try it and it was seriously amazing, it's a loaf of twisted bread with plenty of chocolate all over it. Also tried the chocolate Rugelach, which is like a chocolate croissant, and the cheese danish which was good too.I would highly recommend the babka, you can only buy the full loaf which is good for 2 people depending on how much bread you trying to eat. I would suggest getting a coffee with it to make it the perfect snack or even breakfast.
#REVIEW#When I used to work in the area, I would visit every Friday for a treat.  My favorite was the chocolate almond croissant ($5). It is on the pricier side but, it's tasty and made fresh (La Defense in Brooklyn made a better chocolate almond croissant but, they closed down). Breads Bakery is a great place to stop by for a quick treat (can be enjoyed in store as there is ample seating available) or a loaf of bread for dinner as everything is made fresh. The staff can be hit or miss but, one staffer told me that at the end of the day, they put some of the baked goods on sale.
#REVIEW#I can't get enough of the Chocolate Babka!! Hands down the best in New York City. It is so chewy, crunchy, and chocolatey. Got it for a dinner party and everyone loved it!I rarely ever sit in the bakery and enjoy my goodies because I find it to be always crowded. There's an okay amount of tables, but they're split with the cafe in the back. Would also recommend their Holiday challah!!
#REVIEW#I know most ppl come here for their chocolate babka but their walnut brownie is one of the best brownies I've ever had - really moist and fudge-like without being overwhelmingly sweet. Everything I've ever had here has been amazing
#REVIEW#Wow. The chocolate babka is a little pricey, but splittable, although you may not want to split after trying. The hamantaschen was delicious and shortbread-y, and the rugelach was also good! I would skip the chocolate croissant, though, a phrase I don't often find myself saying.Overall, definitely worth a stop. There's seating in the back if you want to eat here!
#REVIEW#Updating review after trying a few items.  I still love their babka and think that deserves 5 stars, and I love the chocolate rugelach too.  But recently I tried the seasonal sufganiyot and was rather disappointed.  Specifically, we tried the chocolate and halva sufganiyot, and the halva was fine, but there was literally no filling in the chocolate one at all.  Not sure if I just ended up with a bad one, or if that's just the way they are, but I was expecting a healthy helping of chocolate filling and instead got a plain doughnut, so it was a big mismatch in expectations.On another occasion, I tried one of the breakfast egg sandwiches, and it was pretty good, but I wouldn't say it really stood out against other breakfast sandwiches.Still love the bakery overall, but giving 4 stars instead of 5 (still really good) since not everything has been consistently amazing.Original review:Breads does a special cheesecake babka in May for cheesecake month.  I didn't even realize they had cheesecake and am normally so-so in cheesecake, but cheesecake babka sounded too interesting to not try.  From the outside, the cheesecake babka doesn't look as exciting, but it lived up to the hype for me.  The bread part was still buttery and chewy and soft (even after a couple of days), and the cheesecake was light and airy.  I also tried a sample of their cheesecake in store, and it was pretty delicious and holds its own against other dessert shops.That said, however, I think their chocolate babka is still superior with all its layers of bread and chocolate.  But worth trying the cheesecake one too!
#REVIEW#I only had the popular chocolate babka from here. It is so good that it is worth going here just for that. I had heard it described before as being part yeast bread, and part cake with a chocolate swirl through it. That is a pretty accurate description. It combines the texture of both and with the chocolate running through it, it's deliciously sweet. Like most of their baked goods, it is a little pricey though at about $14 for one loaf.Other than that, they also sell cookies, pies, cakes, and croissants.
#REVIEW#Breads Bakery is the best. It is one of my favorite places to go if I need to buy baked sweets for someone. I tell all of my out of town guests looking for hidden NYC gems to come to Breads Bakery. There is nothing paralleled to Breads Bakery chocolate Babka bread. The chocolate Babka bread is to die for. The chocolate Babka is sweet, flaky, chewy, buttery, and delicious all around. 5 stars alone for the chocolate Babka. The chocolate rugelach are approximately the same as the Babka but smaller and more compact. The banana bread loaf is also good.
#REVIEW#Free samples at the counter! Chocolate babka: expensive (1 for $14 or 2 for $24) but good. Flakey, chocolatey but a little too sweet for mePain au chocolate: toasted and ate this a day later. Very light and flakey. Good but doesn't fill you up.Pick your bread yourselves and bring them to the checkout counter. Service is efficient and quick. There's a cafe at the back of the store
#REVIEW#I cannot believe I haven't written a review for Breads Bakery yetIf you are looking for a legit bakery this is the place to go.I don't think there's a thing on the menu that I don't love, seriously if I could only go to one place my whole life I would come here. I'm a carboholic. I know this little gem is originally from Israel. It's an amazing bakery that I used to go to every other week back when I lived there. Fast forward a few years and after a lot of frustration with local bakeries, I come to know Lehamim (Breads) has an NYC spot!!! Well, it has been a love affair ever since. I would urge you to get the Babka bread. I don't even know how to explain this sorcery. Its basically a sweet yeast cake, but it's flaky, almost like a doughy croissant. My favorite is the chocolate babka, and believe me you, this is the most delicious pastry you'll ever eat in your life. Then you have to get the rugelach, which is kinda of a hybrid of a babka and a croissant, but its a mini babka to me. I can seriously eat 10 in a sitting. Another thing that I get at least once a month, or whenever I'm invited to dinner, is their festive challa. It's a delicious challa but it looks like a sunflower and it has a bunch of different seeds on each petal. beautiful and always so appreciated. Any of their challas is great I can't forget to mention the cheese straws. my god. the cheese straws. its a cheesy flaky pastry fluffy stick that changed my life when I first had it in Israel years ago. I will eat them until I am out of them. Also their Burek (burekas) is like the best I've tried in the city. Also the Almond croissant always hits the spot During high Jewish holidays they also have traditional (yet with a modern twist) Jewish pastry. The Sufganyot during Hanukkah are sooo good and the Hamantashen during Purim are delish. Can't believe I don't have pictures, yet again, I inhale everything I get here before I can snap one.
