#NAME#Amy's Bread
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/amys-bread-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bakeries,sandwiches,coffee#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Bakery with lots to love. They make a delicious sticky bun.The curried cauliflower and sweet potato salad with cannellini beans made for a quick, light and healthy lunch.
#REVIEW#I've had good success at other Amy Bread locations, but only mostly bought bread or baked goods. I wanted breakfast and decided to try it out. They offered a 10 buck breakfast special that included 2 eggs,home fries, ham and toast. This breakfast was mostly dismal aside for the toast which as expected was excellent. The eggs were prepared as ordered. The home fries were a bland ramekin shape with virtually no seasoning or creativity. I think they were frozen out of a bag. The ham was a pitiful few thin slices of low quality deli ham thrown on the grill. Really, they used deli ham slices for their breakfast ham? Unbelievable. This breakfast was very lackluster and way overpriced for 10 bucks. We also ordered a chocolate cupcake that was either stale or over-baked. It was dried out. We had 2 peanut butter cookies that were mundane and lacked any character. They were a crispy style cookie, but were dried out. They had average flavor at best. The only saving grace for a 1 star review was the cheerful, friendly service and cozy atmosphere.I was totally shocked a place with such good reputation would serve such slop (aside great toast)for a breakfast. Worst yet, I can't fathom how a cupcake from this bakery could be dried out and not any better than store bought cupcake. Very disappointing experience and will only stick to bread if ever return.
#REVIEW#So left with the decision of the major Starbucks brand or the local Amy's Bread cafe, I obviously went with the smaller option which turned out to be the better choice in the end. Thankfully Amy's Bread was not too far of a jaunt from my hotel, so it mad it an even easier choice when looking for my morning caffeine fix. The shop itself is pretty small, but surprisingly not too filled during peak coffee hours due to many grabbing to go's. Amy's Bread as the title suggests offers a fair share of bread, both sweet and savory at a reasonable price point. I grabbed a plain croissant, and while I am not croissant connoisseur, I felt like it was on point in terms of quality and taste and price! The coffee was not too bad as well and according to the super friendly staff, it is a local blend. I can see why there is such a cult following as Amy's Bread really delivers to those watching time go by enjoying breakfast and the others who are on the go and need a great option to do so with.
#REVIEW#There are not many good reasons to eat in Hell's Kitchen. Fortunately, Amy's Bread is one of them. They make seriously high quality baked goods and bread. The sticky bun is top notch, although I will admit it wasn't as outstanding as people make it out to be. I was pleasantly surprised by their cake doughnuts which are delicious (pumpkin pecan and triple chocolate). The almond brioche toast is was ok. It's basically soft toast with some marzipan flavor. I will be back for more baked goods like the croissant twists.Also, the staff is great. Near Thanksgiving I was given an entire bag of fresh bread loaves for no reason. I was speechless.
#REVIEW#This place was smaller than I thought it was. There were some tables in the back of the store. There is no restroom though. The sticky bun was really good. Black and white cookie was also really good. I also loved the almond brioche toast. Cardamom bread was a special item the day I went. And it was just ok.
#REVIEW#Simply the most delicious pastries. We had cinnamon rolls, biscuits, hallah rolls, muffins, and scones. They're all amazing, and it's hard too choose. So glad we found this spot. The other locations are really good to have, too.
#REVIEW#If you're in Hell's Kitchen & are remotely thinking about coffee & a sweet treat, you should drop by. I haven't tried any, but the savory items & bread look great. Thanks for being so friendly.
#REVIEW#Love their ROASTED TURKEY sandwich. It's like a Thanksgiving sandwich. I used to just go and they would have it there all the time. Then I had to call for it because only a few times of the week the would sell it. Now they don't even sell it. They use to have a cut out newspaper in the front window  raving about it. Please bring it back!!  It's so delicious and wonderful tasting. Please bring he ROASTED TURKEY  back!!
#REVIEW#Excellent service with a smile.  The selection of pastries and breakfast nibbles was incredible. Coffe strong! Pastries good!!
#REVIEW#Delicious, cute bakery right in the heart of midtown. Love it! The bread is always soft and fresh and the cakes are great too. Good place to go for in the mornings.
#REVIEW#If I ever move out of Hell's Kitchen, I will miss Amy's Bread the most. This cute bakery / cafe has become a part of my weekend routine over the past few months. I love the Parisian breakfast - it's so simple yet so good! The baguettes are always served warm and pairs so perfectly with the strawberry jam and butter. I usually order this with a cafe au lait and it is SO GOOD!! This is literally something I can make at home at a fraction of what I pay, but there's something about Amy's Bread that keeps me coming back.
#REVIEW#I've known about this place for ages but I'm glad I finally tried it!The apple crumb muffin was great. I am excited to go back and try other kinds of muffins. The strawberry pastry was just okay. The pastry felt a little dry for my liking.This location offers an eat-in area in the back! It looked nice and cozy. I saw that there was a sister shop next to it. I wonder what's there..
#REVIEW#The concierge suggested this place for a quick informal breakfast and it was fantastic. Had a sourdough bagel and cream cheese and then stepped into the bakery section and was overwhelmed. Great breads and pastries. The coffee was excellent also. Highly recommended
#REVIEW#The Best Cake I've Ever Had!Honestly, I know a good cake when I have one. I used to work at a bakery as a cake decorator and I am quite a baker myself. My current occupation has nothing to do with baked goods, but... that is not the point. Yesterday, I decided to have a solo day to myself after seeing my dentist. I had some okay Thai food on 9th avenue and then decided to go "window shopping" to Amy's. The intention was just to look and not buy (since I've been eating cheesecakes all week). Then the intention became buy the infamous pink icing cake that I just call Pink Cake. It is this yellow cake with a simple pink frosting inside and out. It looks a bit toy-town like because of how it looks, but the taste is beyond delicious. I genuinely have to sit at my desk and make sure no one is looking when I am eating their cake because I smile like an idiot from how moist (sorry...) the crumb is and how not so overbearingly sweet the frosting is. The frosting to cake ratio is perfection. If you see this cake, you will be underwhelmed and think I am crazy. Take a bite and come back to me. Having said that about the Pink Cake, I actually did not end up buying it yesterday. I am not sure what compelled me, but I saw their carrot cake. I asked the guy at the counter if it was any good. Seriously though, it was a dumb question because there was only two slices of the cake left and it was only 4:00 pm on a Sunday. The guy gave me a taste and he got me. I took the cake to go with a plastic fork just in case I decided to eat the cake en route to the Port Authority. The crumb is super soft, the cream cheese frosting is enough to compliment every crumb and not so aggressive, and the raisins and walnuts are like the friendly neighbor that always says hello. This review may be a bit excessive, but I couldn't contain myself. It's probably because I am eating the rest of my carrot cake as I post....Like Marie Antoinette said, "Let them eat cake" and I shall.
#REVIEW#Visited The Pantry by Amy's Bread. The food was ok but the service was so bad it lessened the quality of the experience. The guy behind the counter was plain rude. Horrible customer service. Slamming plates down. Throwing stuff around. Got orders wrong. Forgot a part of the order. He was short with his comments and had this nasty face the whole time. He treated me as if I was friends with the guy that broke up with him. Bro let it go or just stay in the kitchen and don't come out. Or better yet, call in sick. Everyday.
#REVIEW#I used to love this place but it has really gone down hill. They've lost my business for good now. I just purchased some items there. The cupcake I bought was old and dry. But worse as the service. The staff was rude and unpleasant. After I paid the woman who waited on me said the word "fuck" or "mother fucker" a good 7 or 8 times. All in reference to customers. And them went on a tirade about how annoying they are. Completely unacceptable behavior. If I had ever behaved that way in ANY job I have had, I would have been fired. Bye Amy's Bread. It was good while it lasted, but you've gotten stale.
#REVIEW#Checked this place out because I was feeling something sweet. We came around 8pm and there wasn't many cupcakes left. I chose the mango lemonade cupcake and got a big peanut butter and sugar cookie. I actually forgot about my cupcake and only enjoyed it a day later so I wished I had tried it when it was more fresh. The frosting was delicious still but can't say much about the cupcake itself as it was quite dry since I had refrigerated it. The cookies were huge and it was delicious.Seems like there were a few tables and seats so you can do work here. The place was quiet enough. May return if I'm in the area to get some work done and enjoy some pastries.
#REVIEW#Had a dreamy walnut raisin scone and almond latte here the other morning.  Quick service and fresh baked goods galore nicely displayed.  Cute place to sit n chat as well.
#REVIEW#Cozy little bakery in the heart of Hell's Kitchen.Love the fact that the store is open late, we stopped by for a quick dessert after dinner and ended up getting two pastries and a coconut dream bar. The coconut dream bar was soooo delicious! The frosting on the pastries were a bit too sweet for my liking though. Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly and they have a seating area as well.
#REVIEW#Always reliably good bread, cake, cupcakes and cookies.  Focaccia is great as is their black and white cake and cupcakes.  Chocolate chip cookie here is also decent, probably 3rd best in the neighborhood after Schmackarys and Culture Espresso.  I have noticed that some of the evening staff can be curt, so service can be hit or miss.
