#NAME#Del Posto
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/del-posto-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#This is a perfect place for a special celebration! Everything was AMAZING! I took my wife and we had a blast!First of all I'm a huge fan of Batali! My ex Boss and Super Chef surprise me with this AMAZING experience.Del Posto is certainly now one of my favorites restaurants in NYC. Portions are pretty decent. One of my favorites are the sweet bread and the foie grass appetizer. We left stuffed and crazy happy!Don't forget to try the BEST Panna Cotta with Rhubarb sorbet!
#REVIEW#Recently went to Del Posto with one dining mate.  I would recommend making a reservation or walking in at a very late hour (after 10pm).The restaurant is elegant and ornate, with high ceilings and a classic decor.  Service is great.As far as the menu, there are a few options for dinner.  You can have one of the two tasting menus or request an a la carte menu.  The tasting menu can take a long time and is a large ordeal.I tried the following dishes:Crudo di Pezzogna con Brodo di Cipollotto e Olio d'Oliva Siciliano (Madai with Ramp Brodo & Sicilian Olive Oil) (4/5): Madai is one of my favorite fishes to eat raw, and this one was good.  I do prefer a more Asian take on madai, but this was one of my more favorite dishes of the night.Corona Ripiena di Toma e Tartufo Nero (Crown Shaped Pasta Filled with Toma Cheese & Black Truffle) (2.5/5): I did not like this pasta.  Although I am typically a fan of rich food, this dish was way too rich even for me.  The pasta was filled with an incredibly rich cheese and was doused in oil.  The hint of truffle was nice, and the pasta was cooked nicely.Linguine alle Vongole Giganti (Thin Ribbon Pasta with Geoduck & Sorrento Lemon) (4.5/5): My favorite dish of the night.  The pasta was rich but had a nice citrus flavor to cut the richness.  The geoduck was really tasty as well.  The pasta was cooked perfectly.Torta all'Olio d'Oliva e Arancia (Olive Oil-Orange Cake with Amaro Soaked Citrus & Cara Cara Sorbetto) (3.5/5): This was a nice cake.  It was not dry and came with a nice orange sorbet.  Very heavy on the citrus, which I like.Overall, I had a nice experience at Del Posto.  I would definitely return for a special occasion.
#REVIEW#If you're feeling the need for a little pampering, treat yourself to a lunch at Del Posto. It's quiet, beautiful, lots of space between tables. Service is impeccable; friendly without being intrusive; the staff has a light touch with humor without being patronizing.The food is simply perfect.The world will seem a better place after a meal at Del Posto.
#REVIEW#I didn't get the warmest welcome from our main waiter and was pretty much ready to write this review with a 3 star in mind since the hospitality was a little curt and pretentious for such a nice environment. However when the food hit the table, my bf and I were extremely impressed by the quality and flavor profiles of our dishes. If you're not super hungry, I reco asking for the a la carte menu (a separate menu with basically the same items as the prix fixe but with prices listed)  my bf and I got 1 primi and 1 secondi -- the linguine with geoduck and the cured pork to share. SO GOOD! The meal still comes with all the amuse bouche (palette opener/cleanser at the beg, the house made bread and butter and the "dessert" small assortment when you get the check) so it comes out to a decent amount of food! Primi are $42 and secondi are $55 each so our bill came out to $105 before tip !
#REVIEW#I'll preface this review by saying that this restaurant is absolutely lavish, and I'm certain that you can find comparable quality food elsewhere for half the price. I had an amazing experience attending with a date on their birthday, but due to cost probably wouldn't be able to return despite my positive experience.We elected to get cocktails instead of the wine pairing since neither of us are big wine people and that seemed more affordable. The cocktails were good, nothing horribly unique.We started the meal with a few "gifts" from the chef - a mug of soup and a dish with a fried artichoke base. Both were lovely. They were small but a nice touch. After ordering we were served a baguette with a creme fraiche type butter. Also excellent. We went for the five courses. For the antipasti I got the carne cruda. It was delicious but very intense, and I was glad that I didn't also get the steak for my secondi since the flavor was so heavy.For the primi we got the squash tortellini and the rabbit pillows, both were phenomenal, especially the rabbit pillows which were a highlight of the night.For the main we got the Porkchop and the hen. Porkchop was good, but didn't seem out of the ordinary to me. Despite chicken being simple, it was incredibly delicious and the semolina dumpling was a perfect touch.For dessert I had the Panna cotta. It was good but sort of fell flat compared to most of the other courses. The other little "gifts" we got with dessert were actually more memorable. The birthday profiteroles were to die for and the little assortment of cookies and treats were a great finishing touch.Overall the food was incredible and we had a lovely time. The waitstaff were friendly and professional.
#REVIEW#I'm giving Del Posto 4 stars more for the excellent service, ambiance, and wine than I am for the food. The servers were incredibly pleasant and knowledgeable. They even gave us a copy of our customized menu at the end of the meal. The truffle pasta special in the picture was the best! A really decadent dish. Reservations weren't too challenging to get. It was a fun experience but nothing that really wowed me or made me feel the need to come back.
#REVIEW#Very good experience after been is a many michelin star restaurant this one is one of my favorite specially for the atmosphere . The food is very good and the price are in the expensive side but remember you are eating in a michelin starred restaurant also the wine list they have a vast selection of Italian wine and if you know how to look you will find wine gem!
#REVIEW#My mom and I traveled to NYC about a year ago to celebrate my engagement and her completion of her master's program. We were looking for a nice place to celebrate with dinner and wine and Del Posto was recommended to us - I'm SO glad we took the recommendation. From the moment we walked in, we were taken care of. The atmosphere is elegant and plush and comfortable. We decided to do the 5-course tasting menu with wine pairings. We ~almost~ decided not to do the wine pairings, but eventually gave in. Let me just say - we definitely made the right choice. The sommelier was extremely knowledgeable about the wines (obviously) and even stayed to chat for a while with my mom about the Coravin and his hometown in Italy which my mom had visited. The dinner itself was delicious; I genuinely enjoyed every single plate that was served, but my favorite by far was the lobster caponata.
#REVIEW#Del Posto is a great option for an amazing, Michelin-star lunch. Ambiance:The inside of Del Posto screams old-world, upscale classy. When we arrived the live piano player greeted us with a nod over the keys and we were lead up the stairs to our beautifully prepared white-tablecloth plate setting. The covered windows shielded us from the outside world and allowed us to truly steep in the decadence that is the dining room at Del Posto. Food: Del Posto offers several prix-fixe options. While I have only visited for lunch, I have opted to go with the 6 course tasting menu every time. There is a smaller menu where you can pick your own courses as well. The tasting menu packs a LOT of food - with an amuse bouche, an appetizer, two pasta courses, a fish course, a meat course, and dessert. Everything we had was delicious. While not the best pastas I've ever had, the presentations are creative, inventive, and luxurious - with both truffle butter and shaved truffle preparations available. The fish course is fresh and (when needed) perfectly cooked - I have always loved it! When it comes to meat, you'll get a choice between steak and lamb. I recommend going for the steak which - at least when I've visited - has been a 28 day dry aged rib eye which on its own would be great but is kicked up a notch by the bell-pepper sauce. The chef is happy to cater the tasting menu to any personal preferences and dietary restrictions. We had someone in our party request a seafood-free menu and they gladly accommodated with equally hearty portions while letting the rest of the table enjoy the standard menu. Drink:Del Posto has what you would expect from an upscale cocktail bar and a Michelin-star wine list. The staff sommelier is very friendly and happy to chat with you about your preferences and make appropriate recommendations. Our family celebrated a 21st birthday here and the sommelier was quick to bring out several tastes for our burgeoning oenophile who had yet to sample wine not served from a box. There is something for everyone here - I'm a big fan of the champagne/sparkling selection.Service:Service is what you'd expect from a restaurant of this caliber. You are waited on by multiple people throughout the meal who take charge of filling water glasses, changing place settings between courses, and serving the food. Our principal waiters have always been very knowledgeable and I've noticed that the wait staff is fluent in multiple languages which makes this a great spot for tourists - they at least speak Spanish, German, and English from my visits. The staff goes above and beyond with the small details - providing a stool for ladies to rest their purses, placing napkins over any spots or spills that can't be wiped off of the tablecloth, and generously offering additional bread between courses. I have no complaints here!Value: I can only speak to the value of the lunch menu. At $95 for a six course tasting this is a steal for a one Michelin-star restaurant. As for the $59 three course menu - I don't consider this to be worth it unless you are specifically trying to eat light as many if not most of the dish choices have a supplement which pushes it past or near the price of the tasting menu, anyway. Del Posto is a delightful and cost-effective way to dip your feet into true fine dining if you have not already!
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing meal and service from the chef and staff at del posto.The attention to detail in every dish shows and the combinations were fantastic. Highly recommend
#REVIEW#Just...wow. The perfect dinner. I booked Del Posto for my honey's 50th birthday. We love trying tasting menus of great restaurants, and had heard good things about Del Posto. From the warm greeting to the impeccable service and incredible food, Del Posto made everything special. Two amuse bouche before the meal even starts. We had the 5 course menu because we were seeing a show at 8pm, and I'm glad we stayed with the shorter menu because our dinner res was 5:30 pm and we had to rush toward the end to get out of there by 7:15. I cannot wait to go back. Just wonderful. Thank you, Del Posto, for such a memorable experience!
#REVIEW#Perfection. It seems as popular today as it was when it opened years ago and the attention to detail, decor, service and food continue to wow. We still had to make our Saturday night reservation 30 days in advance. We arrived about 15 minutes early and enjoyed some of the best craft cocktails around. I sipped on the Dauphine, hubby had the Last Bubble and our friends ordered a gin and tonic and glass of wine. The citrus Dauphine was herbaceous and fresh, balanced, not sweet and served in the most stunning goblet. The sparkling cocktail was also a favorite.  We opted for the five course prix fixe @ $164 pp. The menu is loaded with choices. They started us off with a broth in a tiny tea cup, followed by a fried artichoke. They served a gorgeous bagatini bread with a ball of cream-hand whipped with Creme fraiche and finished with Italian olive oil. Luscious and totally decadent. I opted for the lettuces with black truffle vinaigrette so I would make it through the entire meal. Who knew salad could be so delicious?! My husband had the langoustine starter also a stunner. The Hamachi crudo and beef tartare were also lovely. The primi course is perfectly designed so a table of four can try two different pastas. We chose the crown pasta with cheese and truffle and the orrichiete with duck sausage ragu. Both were incredible. The crown pasta is plated so beautifully it's as if you don't want to unravel it to eat. But once you do the flavors are just bursting in your mouth. Very unusual. The duck sausage ragu had a nice spicy kick and the savory flavors were a nice counterbalance to the richness of the first pasta. I had the Dover sole for main course followed by the blue cheese dessert course. Even if you're clamoring for a sweet ending I encourage you to try one of the cheese courses for dessert-so unusual and a perfect finish to the meal. We had the pecorino cheese as well along with the tortino chocolate dessert. They also complete the dining experience with chocolates, marshmallows and tiny cookies. Our coffee and tea arrived after dessert. They also sent out zeppoles with a candle for the birthday celebration. It is worth mentioning that the service was so on point that each time someone returned from the loo a server would slide the chair out to reseat us. The water glasses were refilled at lightning speed and the service was effortless, flawless and almost imperceptible. The glassware is beyond gorgeous! The crystal water glasses and the candles that adorn the tables are truly something to behold. Del Posto continues to shine and if you are willing to splurge, the experience will not disappoint.
#REVIEW#If you're looking to treat your taste buds to amazing Italian food....go to Del Posto for a tasting menu!  It's pricey but worth every bite! Be prepared for an explosion of flavors. At the end you get a menu with each course you've had and the date.If you opt to do the wine tasting, keep in mind it's a glass of wine for nearly every course.  That's a lot and will make you drunk by the end of the meal. I've learned to avoid that.
#REVIEW#My hubby surprised me... And took me here on my birthday!!!Was the most amazing dinner... We chose the Captains menu... And we are vegetarian... The made a fabulous 8 course meal for us.Loved every part of it.Cocktails were amazing and so was the ambience.
#REVIEW#One of the best fine dining restaurants in NYC! A city where some fine dining places are so underwhelming and make you cry inside when you think about the price you paid - Del Posto will definitely not! The attention to detail and service is incredible. The food was perfect and an extensive alcohol list for whatever you feel like! We had the 8 course menu for dinner and every course was cooked and presented perfectly. The pastas were an absolute highlight!
#REVIEW#Absolutely fantastic! Giving this place five stars almost seems to be not enough praise for the excellent food and service I was treated to here.My friends and I decided to come here based on the recommendation of a foodie friend at work. He told us that this was one of his favorite restaurants in the city and it is easy to understand why.Upon entering Del Posto, we were treated to a flashback to a scene that would not be out of place in the grand dining areas of old,  rich dark wood interiors paneled the entryway which was covered in a lustrous white marble. After telling the receptionist, we were promptly taken to a table in a quiet corner.of the restaurant. There we were each helped to our seats and presented with menus with the prix fixe menus of the day.I ordered for my three course prix fixe the Vitello Tonnato (thinly sliced veal with a lemon basil and vinaigrette sauce), the Orechiette (a pasta with an olive oil and rabbit ragu sauce), and, finally, the lemon verbena panna cotta (a lemon custard). Each and every dish was amazing. The Vitello Tonnato was light and the sauce gave the dish a nice tartness to contrast with the veal slices. The Orechiette's rabbit ragu and olive oil sauce gave the dish a lovely richness that made me want to eat more. Finally, the panna cotta worked well to cleanse my pallet.In addition to what I ordered from the prix fixe menu, we were served with fresh mini baguettes and cookies and pastries at the end of our meal.Simply a bravura dining performance.
#REVIEW#Massive iron filligene doors open onto a beautiful interior of dark woods and marble floor. The decor and ambiance is delightful, service is outstanding and the food was sublime. We emerged happy and a little bit overfed. The pasta is special and the wine paring was excellent and educational.
#REVIEW#This place is truly amazing, and a very romantic place for a date night. We went with the 8-course prix fix option, where the chef chooses everything. It was really nice because we just told them some general preferences and were just surprised with the dishes. Every single one of them was amazing and completely delicious. We had 2 pastas, both cooked perfectly. The 75 day dry aged steak is a must-have (there's a small additional fee for this). The dessert was the best part of the entire meal. All of the staff were very knowledgeable and professional. They also have a 5-course prix fix menu, where you can choose your own dishes. The chef just requires that both people at the table both choose either 5 or 8 course (rather than one person ordering 5-course and the other doing an 8-course). Wine pairing is totally worth it - they had so many good options. There is seating both upstairs & downstairs. I personally think upstairs seating is nicer if you can get it - it seems quieter and you can do a little people watching. This is a very classy restaurant, dark and low noise level. Dress code is dressy. The staff are very particular about how things are presented, served, removed from the table, etc. Ladies get a purse-stool, so don't be afraid to bring your nicest bag . I would be prepared to spend a minimum of 2 hours there, up to 3.5 hours for an 8-course meal. The one slightly odd thing was that there is a doorman, but he only opened doors when we entered the restaurant, and no one was there to open doors when customers were exiting. Just something slightly strange that I noticed. Highly recommend for a wonderful dining experience.
#REVIEW#Great experience but would not revisit. Thoughtful prix-fixe menus provide a great overview to Del Posto's offerings, and you're treated to a wide variety of meats, seafood, and pasta with small "compliments of the chef" amuse-bouches sprinkled in.Sadly, I felt that some of the dishes were missing finishing touches (texture, flavour, etc.) that would make them feel more complete. Only perfect dish on this occasion was the olive oil-orange cake at the end.
#REVIEW#Back when I was a poor college student looking to impress on a one-year anniversary, Del Posto was there for me. For lunch at least. No way I could afford a Michelin star anniversary dinner back then (or now).But Del Posto was perfect. And the location was perfect. And the date and day was perfect and now I'm sad but anyways let's start this review.I told them the occasion when I made the reservation, and the staff seemed eager to make this the best possible experience for us. We showed up around noon on a Friday in October. The waiters whisked us off to a table near the window - the interior of the restaurant was beautiful. Light piano music serves as the backdrop to soft carpeted floors, tall windows with silky drapes, and cream colored walls. The window next to our table bathed the entire meal in this glowing, soft white light. Very romantic. I would have ordered a wine had I not been underage then.Then they brought out the bread basket. Warm and fresh out of the oven, the bread was so soft and tender. And the lard. I still dream about the lard. Sure, the butter made in-house was all I ever hoped it could be, but the lard helped this bread transcend beyond a pleasant pre-meal snack to what I can only begin to describe as a religious experience. It's fluffy, airy, rich, salty, savory... My poor college palate had never known such luxury.Then the actual meal began. We ordered the prix fixe lunch. I can endlessly extol the virtues of each dish, but I'll save you the time and share my favorites. We started with the Lobster Salad with Burrata. Light and refreshing, but also intensely flavorful. The lobster bites were fresh and tender, sitting atop creamy burrata with just a hint of lemon. For the main course, I had the Slow Cooked Salmon Rosmarino with Calamari, she ordered the Slow Baked Chicken alla Scarpariello. This was, by far, the best salmon I have ever had in my life. I did not know salmon could be this tender when cooked. My fork just went through it like butter. With each bite came sweet, blissful deliverance. I'm sure the chicken was good too, I was just too occupied at the time.In between dishes, the waiters would bring us small bites and treats compliments of the chef. Desserts were the Pecorino Romano Cake and Fette Biscottate, each plate adorned with "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate. To top it off, they gave us a sampling of truffles and sweets on top of a grater/wooden drawer plate. It was extra and we loved it. Del Posto was the perfect romantic lunch. Each dish looks and tastes like a work of art, and the service makes you feel like you two are the most important people in the world. We strolled around the nearby Chelsea Markets and High Line right afterwards to cap off a perfect day. Then she went and broke my heart a few years later but hey at least Del Posto will always be there.
