#NAME#Bobwhite Counter
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bobwhite-counter-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#southern,comfortfood,beer_and_wine#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I have died and gone to heaven... and to my utter surprise heaven is in alphabet city off the corner of 6th and Ave C. My friend took me here and I will never be able to repay her in any way, shape, or form. Bob's is very straightforward: you've got a short, one sided menu and just the right amount of options. However, I do not need a menu. CHICKEN LITTLE. Side of MAC. I'm done. You're done. Now we wait.3 pieces of chicken, a biscuit, and some mac n cheese. For 12.75 I am stuffed with the food of gods and my bank account does not suffer. It's miraculous. Utilize your resources people- those bottles of honey and hot sauce are not decorative! Honey on your biscuit? Hot sauce on your chicken? You will see the world in a new light.Other than the food, the shop is a cute hole in the wall, a couple tables and bar seating. Really nice folks running the shop. Get up and pay at the computer when you're done! Literally KUDOS to them for making splitting the bill so easy. Can't wait to be back!
#REVIEW#I would probably rate this a 3.5, but YELP says 3 or 4, so we will go with 4, since my two companions loved their food more than I did.I had the chicken little: 3 pieces of chicken (Leg, wing, and thigh), with a side fries and a biscuit. Loved the biscuit, it shines on its own. I ate mine without the honey, and it wasn't dry and had a great texture.  In retrospect, putting a little honey on it would have enhanced the taste.  The fries were solid..not too salty or greasy.  Similar to one or two other posts here, the chicken thigh had a mix of crispiness and oiliness, which made me feel a little queasy afterwards, but had good flavor. The wing was amazing and I didn't touch my chicken leg, but it looked crispy.  For those sensitive to oil, the oil content of the thigh might be an issue.  However, if you're into good flavors, this mix is good.  It will be hit or miss for those folks who are fried chicken aficionados, however.My lady had the fried chicken sandwich, which she rated very high.  She thought the mac and cheese that it came with was just average.  My step daughter had fried fish which she seemed to enjoy. They don't have tarter sauce as an option though, if it's something that you are into. And she handled her french fries as well!Overall, this is a good eat for fried chicken lovers, who want a quick non-fussy sit down.  Parties of more than four seem like it would be a tight fit, as the place is on the small side.I'd go back for the biscuits and french fries, not necessarily the chicken.
#REVIEW#I was really disappointed with Bob White.  I love fried chicken and I really found theirs to have no taste.  Not only was there no taste but the skin although crunchy was dripping with grease.  I found I had to drench my chicken in hot sauce and honey to find any flavor.We had Mac and cheese and cole slaw with the chicken.  The Mac was exactly what you would want but the cole slaw too was beyond tasteless.  The saving grace for me was the biscuit.  It was buttery and flaky.  I won't be back.
#REVIEW#Stopped by after work and this place did not disappoint. I think I may have found my new fried chicken spot. The place is small so I do not recommend going in large groups. I also don't recommend fat people like me to sit on the outside of the table. Sit on the inside and push the table out a bit. That way you can enjoy your food and not be a fat ass and get in everyone's way. The staff was amazing. Such nice people and accommodating.  Now to the food...Chicken Little w/Mac & Cheese, have I mentioned I may have found my new fried chicken spot?  The chicken was spot on, it was juicy and tender. 3 different sauces for you to use. Personally I like the ranch but most people prefer the buffalo.Fries - if you're in the mood for fries, get these. You won't be disappointed.Chicken Biscuits - I want to start by saying I would eat these biscuits like there was no tomorrow. Add some fried chicken and honey on them and I'll kill for them.If you're in the area I would highly recommend the place.  If your fat like me. You will enjoy it. If you're not fat like me. You'll enjoy it too.
#REVIEW#Simple. Delicious. Cheap. The restaurant is not grand, casual, and sticking to its "counter" title had high top tables and bar seating only. It's one of those places that you know primarily serves variations of only few things and they do it really well (fried chicken, biscuits, beer, mac n cheese)The menu is simple yet I still had difficultly choosing what to get. You can choose from plates or sandwiches which all come with your choice of one side. I got the favorite fried chicken sandwich with mac n cheese (how can you not?). My friend ordered one of the plates with fried chicken, biscuit and side of collard greens. Please take a moment of silence for the ever so tasty, buttery, soft biscuitOne of the best parts is that a meal on average is ~$15-$16 including tax and tip. Definitely trying to come back for the happy hour special!
#REVIEW#I don't really have any more words for this place except GO GO GO. Half of me is glad that they're located on Ave C so it stays not crazy busy but the other half of me is sad that it's so far from where I live. The fried chicken is hands down the best in town and honestly, I think the best I've had anywhere even when traveling to other major cities. I like to get the fried chicken sandwich, which will keep you full but not feeling gross after. The pickles on the sandwich help cut through the richness of the perfectly crispy fried chicken and I usually get this with a side of coleslaw. However, I highly recommend getting the mac n cheese as well, because the one here is so so good.
#REVIEW#This chicken place is a little off the path. A good find, small place, about 6-7 tables and bar seating. The have 2 beers on tap and a few other drinks. They have chicken by the price and plates. I split a plate with a friend for around 13$. They give you a leg, thigh and wing, a buttery biscuit and a side. I'd recommend the Cole slaw and biscuits were really good. The wait staff was attentive and they even let us do separate checks at the end even though we never asked. The only negative was we were a 4 top, and we had a 5th show up and the staff told us we cannotMove a chair. So they had to stand or 30 minutes. The largest table is 4 top. Cannot accommodate large groups.
#REVIEW#Comfort @ a Counter!!!I have no clue who Bobwhite is, but I do know he must have been touched by an angel because his chicken and biscuits are heavenly.My friends know the month of February is my month of Fun, Exploration, and Indulgence. THERE IS NO DIETING DURING #SHO-eBruary! So there was no surprise when Bobwhite was suggested during one of my weekends of celebration. Bookmarked due to pics from fellow yelper William S. months ago, there was no better time then the month of Indulgence to finally check them out. A small alphabet city location with eight high tops for 2, window seating for 4 and counter seating for about 8. They fill up quickly, so there may be a wait but trust it's worth it and they move quickly without rushing anyone. As first timers the wonderful Alexis took us by the hand and walked us through the best way to order and get a little taste of everything they offer. Now, realistically we couldn't order everything our eyes devoured and still be able to button our pants and walk out but his suggestions were more then helpful and might I add spot on. We decided on the vegetarian plate which is made up of sides and the catfish plate w/ one side of Mac n cheese. Both come with the amazing biscuits and we order a piece of chicken à la carte all to share. It was the perfect suggestion and a way to sample most of their small but perfectly done menu. Everything was soo good and delicious no conversation required during consumption. You know when everyone gets quiet at the table, that's the unanimous signal that the Grub is GRRREAT! I had no complaints about the food, the wait or the service. I will say while the greens were tasty they were not the best I ever had. Which was ok because hot sauce fixes everything... "I put that ish on.... " well you know the rest. SWAG!Good comfort food, at a reasonable price, just sad I waited so long to try it, but no worries this will not be a 1 and done situation. I will be returning.Just A Note:Alexis' playlist was the Bomb. It was on Tidal so he couldn't share it but it was a LIT soundtrack to some pretty dope comfort food.  Also, you can't go wrong with a chicken biscuit to-go for a next day reheat (oven only) it was one of my best ideas that night. Lol.
#REVIEW#I'm from the South so, I'm a fried chicken aficionado. I'm not so sure this place totally lives up to the type. There are fast food places back home that have better fried chicken (@Bojangles), but for New York, this is a good spot. The chicken for me was a little dry and the breading wasn't as crunchy as I'd like it to be, but could be because I ordered takeout. Fries are WAY too salty, wouldn't get those again. Pickles are really good and taste like homemade. Since it's in my neighborhood, I'd order again or go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
#REVIEW#After reading reviews, I had really high expectations, especially when it comes to my fried chicken (my bf and I LOVE fried chicken). Overall I give this place 4.5 stars. The food was excellent. I would definitely come back. The place has limited seating, but a lot of people do take-out here.FOOD:Chicken little combo:-perfectly seasoned and crispy dark meat chicken-good portions and not too oily-comes with a crispy buttery biscuit-choice of 1 side (got fries and they were good)Fried chicken sandwich:-good chicken to bun ratio-sweet pickles complemented the sando well-choice of 1 side (Mac & cheese was not too cheesy which I like) SERVICE:Knocked off 1/2 star for service. The server was not very attentive to us (ex. Didn't fill water at all). However, they were short staffed so it was understandable.
#REVIEW#This place is my new obsession!! The chicken is super juicy and crispy and the biscuits are flakey and perfect! If you're in the city, you have to go here.
#REVIEW#Cozy little spot tucked away along Avenue C. 14 seats in total, plus a few more at the bar... so come early or be ready to wait. Bartender very hospitable... he let me take a table for two even though my friend wasn't here yet. This is the place to come for fried chicken... it has been on my list for a while.We both got their famous "chicken little", which gives you a thigh, a wing and a drumstick with biscuit and choice of side for $12.75... a VERY good deal. The choices of sides are French fries, coleslaw, man & cheese, collard greens, biscuits. The fried chicken is legit, and well worth a trip down here. Crispy, juicy, plentiful... really good. We also got their coleslaw and collard greens... liked the former, but thought the greens had too much black pepper. We also has their pecan pie bread pudding, which was good but not memorable (a little dry).Overall, the place is solid, service is personable and prices are right... a great combo you won't regret experiencing coming to this place. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
#REVIEW#3.5 for me. We got here at 7 with several seating options still avaliable in this tiny space, to it being packed to the gills literally 10 min later. Win.Service was quick, warm and efficient, just the way I like it! The food has some hits and misses, though. The gooey perfectly toasted pimento cheese sandwich was outstanding as well as the slight smokey tender yet still crunchy  collard greens. The biscuit was on point too. The mac and cheese was a big disappointment, lukewarm in temperature and super grainy and gummy in texture, I would not order it again. The fried chicken was definitely tender and moist but lacked seasoning and flavor. For being toted as one of the best fried chicken in the city by many food enthusiast lists, I was not so impressed. However, the prices are reasonable and does warrant another trip sometime soon.
#REVIEW#Yum yum yum yum yum. Ohhhh did I say yum? They got the sauces, buttery biscuits, sides, meat is fried to perfection and that Mac n cheeeeeeeese. Nice local spot with a cozy feel. My go to for sure.This is our, we don't know what to eat for dinner, but we agree on one spot, spot.
#REVIEW#I came here on Valentine's Day for the first time! It's definitely an LES hidden gem! I was told it has some of the best fried chicken and I was pretty skeptical. However, after trying it I agree it, is some of the best fried chicken I've had. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich with Mac and cheese and it was delicious. Also the chicken biscuit was so good, I'm still dreaming about it (the heart shaped chicken biscuit was the sweetest touch).They had a great playlist going, the music definitely added to the experience. Overall, it was a great. The only downside is that the place is pretty small. While I think it's small size is part of its charm, I can definitely see it being very crowded and having long wait times. I'll definitely be back again, I wish I lived closer so I could have it delivered!
#REVIEW#Ok the chicken is good, not great   A bit greasy and they don't offer any white meat.  Biscuit is dry and didn't seem fresh.  The French fries had to have been a mistake as it was a blend of potato and salt and the salt was winning.  Sweet was fine.
#REVIEW#Soul food done right, a rarity in NYC- let's be honest (no offense)! Forget Blue Ribbon and Sweet Chick's in the East Village, make the short trip here instead if you want legit Southern comfort food (at least IMHO). It is as good as it seems and deserves its high ratings on Yelp. The place itself is pretty small and can get crowded, especially on a Sunday night. It was around 8 so past the time for the dinner crowd and I still had to wait (albeit it was only 10 minutes max) for a stool at the bar area. The service was prompt as he handed me a menu and a glass of cold water immediately. Me being me, I already knew what to order- the Chicken Little. A thigh, wing, drumstick, biscuit, and a side for under $15- no complaints on the price point and definitely no complaints on the food. It's not exactly an "open kitchen" concept but if you're in the bar area you can see the food being prepared. The fried chicken was definitely fresh which is a must and was so tender and juicy. The biscuit was as buttery as it should be but not to the point where it seemed overpowering. And as for the side of choice, please do yourself a favor and get the Mac and cheese. Drench it in hot sauce and you might just get sent to Heaven.
#REVIEW#This place was so good! I went during happy hour. This chicken biscuit... was delicious. It was like the gates of heaven opened and rained down blessings.  I had 3. No regrets. The buffalo chicken was my favorite! Pair it with a drizzle of honey??? Fire. Also the fries were great! Fried twice with just the right amount of hypertension. I mean salt. The Mac & cheese was baked to perfection and the servers were really nice! Music was really good as well, the perfect chill vibey playlist. All in all, as you can probably guess. I'll definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Incredible home cooked comfort food. Have yet to find an establishment that compares to BW's. Would recommend  to absolutely anyone in Manhattan :)
#REVIEW#Bobwhite Counter is a simple diner-style restaurant with a simple menu. The fried chicken is good, the service is great, the space is small.They will only seat you once your whole party is there. This location seats about 18-20 people. We met friends here for a fried chicken lunch on Sunday.We asked the waiter about the fried chicken lunch/dinner for 4. He informed us that they don't have that anymore. So instead we each ordered the chicken little dinner (fried thigh, wing, drumstick with a biscuit and a side). K got collard greens, I got mac and cheese.The fried chicken was good and crispy. The dark meat underneath was hot and juicy. I liked the buttery toasted biscuit. The mac and cheese was creamy and had an excellent crunchy top of toasted brown cheese. The food was great and the company was fun! I would return, if in the area. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because it wasn't the best fried chicken of my life (that award still belongs to Willie Mae's in NOLA). instagram.com/snackchatn…
