#NAME#Kura
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/kura-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Awesome omakase for a very reasonable price! Got the 20 piece omakase which is $150. All the pieces were really delicious and they start you off with some appetizers. We were very fortunate to be served by chef Ishizuka who was super friendly and really made it a great experience. My favorite pieces were the uni, torched salmon and toro, mackerel, and giant clam. The chef tends to torch and use soy sauce on most of his pieces which was fine by me. The pieces are simple but it allows the seafood flavor to shine. The miso soup and sesame mochi macaron at the end of the meal were really delicious as well. I really appreciated the casual and friendly atmosphere. It was not pretentious and the chef was not super serious which you may find at some other omakase spots. Would definitely recommend and come back again. Try to have Chef Ishizuka serve you, he's a really charming!
#REVIEW#Very fresh and high quality omakase experience! I would definitely recommend this place for all sushi purists. My friend and I did the 20 course tasting menu.  It was amazing!!! You need to come with a lot of stomach space for this and some stretchy pants. I made a mistake by wearing high waisted jeans. I felt super full and bloated by the end that I could barely move but every piece was worth it. Service was good and attentive. My water glass was never empty. Kura definitely lived up to its reputation.
#REVIEW#Glad I got to try this place and overall a solid omakase experience. Came for dinner at 9:45PM on a Friday night. The restaurant is small with a 10ish-seat sushi bar, three omakase chefs and a small alcove space with a table for around 4.SUSHI: we went a little crazy and all ordered the $180, 20+ piece omakase. The meal started with a bowl of sashimi (three small pieces of 3 types of tuna), and some other small sushi/sashimi appetizers that I can't recall. Overall was pretty good but acted mostly as fillers until the actual omakase/nothing was mindblowing. The meal really began once the omakase started. Even though we all came hungry, the 20+ option ended up being a bit too much. I would recommend the step below so you're not excessively full at the end/can appreciate each piece.The sushi pieces were relatively big cuts of fish. As always, the standouts for me were the fatty tuna (the fatty tuna here was probably the best I've ever had), medium fatty tuna, two different types of uni (Maine and Tokyo) and seared eel piece (again, probably the best eel piece I've ever had). They also served some unique pieces like clam, octopus and smoked crab. Can't say I loved those. VERDICT: The truth is, though the quality of the fish and the meal were excellent, in terms of best omakase for best value, this place can't beat Sushi by Bou. It's definitely worth visiting if you're in the mood for spending some $$$ on omakase and a pleasant / filling omakase experiences, but if you're looking for value and same level of fresh quality sushi, I think you can get as great sushi (though smaller cuts of fish) at Sushi by Bou.
#REVIEW#Good service, friendly chef, fresh ingredients, and very good pricing. We only like certain fish, so the chef tailor made our omakase. Loved their torched otoro! the scallop sushi was very good, scallop was sweet. Everything was delicious, and a friendly chef definitely make the experience more pleasant. I will definitely come here again the next time in NYC.
#REVIEW#In short, very good overall with good attention to detail. Be sure you make a reservation at least a week ahead for weekday nights as the place only has 12 counter seats + one table. The interior has a very traditional Japanese wooden setup.The place offers no a-la-carte, but only 4 selection of omakase with the only difference in the # of pieces: 12, 16, 20, etc. On the side, we had the Seikyo Omachi, a seasonal sake offering with a very fruity taste that we really liked.The fish probably varies by day or season, so let me simply name the ones I absolutely loved. First of all, there's none I didn't like. Nothing fusion fancy like a foie gras with caviar (this is very positive for me). Liked the scallop, otoro, tutoro, uni from Japan, octopus, abalone, and the minced fatty tuna roll. Extremely fresh. The only one I was on the borderline of dislike was the crab leg, over burnt in my opinion. Another highlight was the tamago, which was very sweet and obviously handmade, very well made. You get your red miso soup as a finish, along with mochi macaron (which was not sweet, again, FANTASTIC) ti balance out all the grease. Staff was very nice and attentive. Attention to detail: 1. Chefs all had big smiles on their faces, willing to talk to you (many elder chefs at other places give you a sh1t face which I fully understand, it's a part of the culture)m and deliver the nigiri straight to your plate. 2. Staff opens the door and lifts the curtain when you leave. These two sounds very easy, but how many actually do them, very very few I guarantee. Is it the best nigiri omakase in this price range? No, but definitely above average in all dimensions. One of the very few nigiri places I'd return/recommend to friends.Overall a very rounded experience, nothing went below par.food 4/5value 4.5/5ambiance 5/5service 5/5
#REVIEW#I am so so so happy to have had the privilege of eating at Kura. My boyfriend and I had a 545 PM seating and we arrived probably a minute or two late. No worries, the staff was there to greet us right away and take our coats/bags. We were promptly seated right in front of the master chef... CHEF ISHIZUKA! I was so honored to be placed under his care for our 16 Omakase course. Before the dinner started, I quickly went to the restroom to minimize any bladder distractions that would hinder my meal. When I got back, we were looking at the drink menu and was conflicted between two sakes. The staff kindly brought out 2 different selections and gave us a taste for each of them. We went with the one that was a little more stronger and not as fruity. (This is because my boyfriend loved this one). The sake was very smooth and went great with the fish.Now, on to the real meal. Every piece was perfectly and carefully crafted by Chef Ishizuka himself. He was a great chef and even better performer when he served each piece. It was like a musical ensemble where each piece was a song that he was performing. My favorite definitely had to be the Otoro but it's really hard to put a score on all of them since they were extremely fresh. I'm really glad my first omakase experience in NY was at Kura and I'm looking forward to more. They also had 3-4 extra appetizer dishes throughout the night so you will be full by the end of this meal. It ended up about $200 per person for the tip/tax/drinks included in the 16 course. I highly highly recommend coming here.
#REVIEW#I try to visit a new omakase place every time I visit New York and Kura did not disappoint. Super friendly and funny chefs from Japan. They had a lot of unique fresh selections and my personal favorites from the 20 piece omakase were the toro, fresh abalone and as always Japanese uni. I ordered too much and asked for less rice towards the end, the chefs were super accommodating. I'm a fan and will be back next time!
#REVIEW#I'm very glad this was the place I experienced my first omakase at. The inside was very small and elegant with seating for around 15 or so people. All the sushi was magnificent and practically melted in my mouth. They have a wide variety of sake that compliments the sushi very well. The chefs were all very friendly and loved to talk about themselves and the meal!Kura will forever hold a special place in my heart! A must try for first timers and veterans of Omakase restaurants!
#REVIEW#I do not have a lot of experiences with omakase, so I cannot compare this establishment to all the other omakase restaurants but I was very glad to have had my first experience at Kura. My friends and I were lucky enough to have been sat at the corner, where we were served by Chef Ishizuka himself. The chefs here are very nice, and are very open to having their picture taken as well as their work. Chef Ishizuka has a fun sense of humor, which only adds to the charm of this place.The storefront is super minimalist, no name at the front. The space is small, but not cramped. You have about 14 seats at the counter and there is a table at the front. The service here was great, all the servers were really kind, helped check our coats, kept our waters filled and took away our plates.I had the 20 piece omakase with my friends. While I have a hard time remember which was what, there was not a single piece that I did not enjoy. But my favorites would have to be the pressed mackerel, tuna cheeks, and uni. Definitely enjoyed my time here, definitely feel like I got my money's worth.
#REVIEW#Kura lived up to the hype.  Most people have done it justice, so I won't copy, but will focus on the differences and what moved me about the restaurant.First, the Vibe.  Its intimate and personal.  Small place that is well staffed.  You are getting some serious attention by the Sushi Chef and his well trained (and dare I say very attractive) Waitress staff.  I dug it.On the Food.  Amazing. The Rice was on point as were the cuts of fish and seasoning.  That's to be expected from a top Omakase restaurant in NYC.  So what was different?  The Variety.  Had a number of very unique things that I haven't found elsewhere.  Snow Crab seared Sushi; a japanese shrimp that looked odd, but tasted great were two of the ones that I remembered, but there were at least 4 others out of the 16 that were especially unique.The booz - had some killer japanese brews.  So what were the negatives?  The key one was the pacing.  it was a bit too fast for me.  Given price points (expensive) and pain for me to get to (east village), I want my experience to not feel rushed.  Pieces came out faster than I would have liked, so that was a negative for me.  On the Food, the dessert wasn't very memorable and the Chawanmushi that we ordered was not good.  Everything else was great and would make me return to this lovely establishment.
#REVIEW#I went here to have dinner last night. The service is pretty friendly, and the prices are okay. I ordered omakase, and the chef made it very well. I love their scallop sushi, as it melted in my mouth, as well as the tuna. This restaurant won't disappoint you!
#REVIEW#I will start by saying this is my favorite sushi in the city. Partly because I have so many memories here, but also partly because it's still somewhat one of those "wait you've never been there before" places with ppl I meet (yes, I sometimes like to feel like I'm cooler and more in the know than you - so sue me in ppls court, I dare you).Brought my mom here for her first visit 5/11 for mothers day dinner. I didn't expect to be able to get a res until maybe a couple days after mumsday, but lucked out completely (someone must have cancelled right before I booked, so it never hurts to try even tho ur logic tells u ure crazy to even give it a shot...it takes two seconds to check, esp since they manage reservations thru yelp... but I digress...).Haven't been here in years. First time was in 2013, not too long after they opened (read a rave review in New York magazine and made a visit on the double). Then came back again a year or so later cuz we wanted to see if it's still good. Then came once more a little while later cuz we missed it. (we as in my and an ex). Each time was emotionally different, both between us and the with the food. Who cares abt us, Ill focus on the food. First time was surprise (holy #@&$ this is good!). Second time was nostalgic (oh yea I kinda remember this... Yes this one was really good). Third time was satisfaction (man this place is good. Its for sure a keeper). Hm side note - this is actually similar to the emotions with the ex as well. Only diff is that I didn't get to keep her (awww...), but I'm actually fine that (ahem...ladies...).My mom really enjoyed the meal. The sushi chef we had for the meal was informative, friendly, funny, and most important not overly talkative, annoying or mean looking (all unfortunately very common amongst omakase chefs imo). She's one of those hard to please women (ha, find me a female that isn't like that, right? Relax, it's a joke). However, she actually really liked the meal. I asked her which was her favorite piece, she said all of them. I didn't even think to call that bs at all. Cuz I liked them all as well.I do encourage you to treat and love yourself a little and order some hot food in edition.altho the sushi meal is satisfyingly filling enough, your stomach will not dislike you for adding a grilled collar to your meal. I haven't honestly tried any of the other hot dishes (besides the enoki mushroom miso soup which comes with the meal, which btw is like an Umami bomb and tastes amazing), but one day I eventually will (cmon lottery... Just one time... Just gimme one jackpot... Its all I'm asking).I purposely left out details abt how the sushi tasted. You must go and try for yourself. This place is so good that I'm leaving out spoilers (who likes movie and show spoilers... Same goes for really good food). You may not know me, but just trust me...bring your favorite person and go. Carpe diem.
#REVIEW#5/5 solid stars! Can't wait to come back one day!I actually didn't know much about Kura. My friend asked if we were interested in dinner and omakase, and I said sure. She made the reservations about 1.5 month in advance for party of 6. We subway there and walked less than 10 minutes to get to Kura. TRUE Japanese style...no store front name! I LOVE IT!When we walked in, I realized it was a SUPER small restaurant with enough seating for 14 people or so.This was the best meal we had in NYC and we were at Eleven Madison Park the night before! Hands down, we were in for a treat. FYI, if you love your sake, you can ask for specific ones and they may have it! Every piece was SOOOOO fresh and melt in your mouth DELICIOUS! I highly recommend coming here. Not pretentious at all. Food and service were spectacular and price is not TOO bad. It was the perfect amount of food--I didn't feel stuffed or hungry.
#REVIEW#Kura has been on so many top sushi lists, and I believe it's been a mainstay in the NY dining scene years before the flood of new omakase spots. I was glad to finally snag a res for dinner - it's clear why it's consistently highly ranked and loved. Even though Chef Ishizuka is no longer there regularly, the quality of my omakase was excellent and Chef Yagi was very friendly and knowledgeable. The space looks surprisingly new with a refined beautiful sushi bar. I would consider this omakase more traditional, each piece featuring the fish/seafood on its own rather than having crazy toppings (truffle, gold, etc). If you're a tuna lover, you'll be very happy - we had tuna 5 times (sashimi, sushi, and handroll). My favorite pieces were the scallop (very sweet, with freshly crisped seaweed), uni (excellent quality, creamy and sweet), king crab leg, pressed mackerel (kyoto style), anago (so buttery), and kinmedai aburi (golden-eye snapper, torched). Dessert was a yuzu macaron with mochi, delightful! The perfect last bite (and impressively not just ice cream). Food: 9/10 (I wish there was a bit more variety, I like tuna but don't love it)Ambiance: 10/10Service: 10/10Value: 10/10 (we went for 19 pieces + handroll, includes 2 appetizers + tamago + small dessert for $150, out of which I didn't love 2-3 of the pieces)The only downside is that we weren't offered to add on more pieces at the end of our meal. I was quite full, but keep this in mind when deciding which omakase you want. Kura is definitely amongst the top omakases I've had (others include Sushi Nakazawa, Yasuda, Sushi of Gari, Jewel Bako, Tanoshi, Shuko, Sushi Zo). Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#4.5 stars in general, but solid 4 in comparison to other omakase places. I choose the 20 piece tasting menu which comprised of a couple amouse bouches, seemingly endless nigiri, and a light matcha tiramisu dessert. The favorites of the nigiri were the trout, uni, eel, and aburi salmon and crab. The ikura starter was also amazing. The service is helpful and quiet so everything seems to just appear in front of you!
#REVIEW#Fresh sushi, some interesting pieces. Rice - horrible , too salty and overpowering. Could not taste the fish , the rice was killing it. Go to many omakase places and never have issues with rice. The service and chef were very nice but not in my list to "return to " places. Sake was good.
#REVIEW#Solid presentation and service. Overall good sushi restaurant and worth a try.
#REVIEW#Okay so they were okay but don't even make the top 5 of $$$$ sushi joints. My main issue is that I got the 12 piece Omakase for $100, and told them I'm not a big fan of white fish but I'd try some if the chef thought I'd like it. I just don't like the texture as much as some of it is too hard, all of this I described... instead I felt I mostly got white fish. It was disappointing.I also said I love otoro, never once got that. Got a medium fatty tuna but it wasn't otoro. I also think the order of the nigiri was completely backwards as well. I don't want the soup in the end, I want it at the beginning to cleanse my palette. If I say I love something like the fatty tuna, don't give me those two things in the beginning then I'll be disappointed when everything that follows it is what I said I don't want. 12 piece Omakase entire meal in order:1. Marinated tuna with Japanese jam. I completely forgot about this one so prob good it was at the beginning vs the end.2. Ikura salmon roe - good exactly what you'd expect3. Medium fatty tuna: surprised this was so early into the meal. Afterwards I was disappointed it was so early vs at the end. 4. Japanese red snapper. It was fine.5. Sea scallop. Again, it was okay.6. Scottish salmon. This was good.7. Striped jack. Too hard in texture.8. Spicy octopus. Way too hard in texture. I like octopus but just not in nigiri.9. Mackerel: good flavor but way too much rice10. Soy marinated tuna. Very good.11. Seared snow crab. Too soft, I didn't like the texture. Might've been better cold... 12. Uni from santa Barbara. Fine but nothing near as good as eating uni in Santa Barbara... Or comparing to Seattle uni.13. Sea eel. This was so good!14. Miso soup with enoki mushrooms. Why was this at the end vs the beginning?15. Tuna handroll. Not enough tuna, way too much seaweed. Also I've never once gotten a handroll in Omakase. I guess I know to tell sushi chefs to not give me this. Especially when there's KazuNori's or other spots that specializes just in handrolls...16. Egg. Good. What you'd expect 17. Uzu mochi muffin (it was a macaroon, let's be real guys). Lemony, not too sweet, chilled. Tasty18. Green tea. Rice flavor, very nice and mild.Overall, NY Omakase seems to rely more on searing and marinating their fishes - something I'm not a huge fan of. It's just masking the fish.As for staff, I don't want them to stand right next to us and watch us the entire time. At least hide around the corner and pretend you're not staring me down. I also don't want my sushi chef to ask me to add him on IG. Overall, majority it was okay but I wasn't impressed. And next time when people tell me sushi in NY isn't worth going to since I live in San Francisco, to actually listen to them and realize I will prob be disappointed. West coast best coast for Omakase.
#REVIEW#My girl friend and I went on a Friday night. We ordered the $150 omakase and were pretty full after the meal!Overall - the fish was pretty good quality, especially the ootoro (fatty tuna). It melted in my mouth. OMG So delicious! After making botan ebi into sushi, they also give you the fried shrimp head and it was probably the best fried shrimp head I ever had. Not too greasy or over cooked. However, there are a few pieces that the chef put too much sauce and the sauce became too over powering. The complimentary dessert came after the meal was cute but I didn't like the favor.
#REVIEW#Place is solid. Sushi rice temp was good but didn't have enough vinegar. Some cuts had more underlying wasabi then others. All in all high quality fish! Dressings were flavorful. Dessert was accidental but quality.
