#NAME#Dhaba Indian Cuisine
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/dhaba-indian-cuisine-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#indpak,buffets#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#What an amazing service!! We were pretty late, guys were amazing, very comfortable, we ordered from the curry till tandoori.One of the best. Jeevan was very helpful. Will be back
#REVIEW#The food here was okay. Overall, I'd rate this experience as meh.I ordered here for takeout and the food definitely wasn't that great. For Indian food in NYC, the bar is set pretty high and this place was just average. The pros: good portion size. Cons: flavor, taste and they don't really give a crap about instructions. I explicitly mentioned that I'd like to replace the rice with chapati but this was ignored. Overall, I wouldn't order from this restaurant again.
#REVIEW#Dhaba is a very tasty Indian restaurant.They serve Punjabi food in a somewhat upscale setting.  It's definitely a number of notches above an average north Indian restaurant in NYC.  My wife's mom even likes this place, and she's from Punjab.  That's some high praise.
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch with a friend since I work nearby.  You can get the lunch buffet to go for $10.95 or eat there for $11.95.  We decided to get it to go.  They have a good variety of items in their lunch buffet.  They surprisingly have fish and lamb.  Also, the pieces of meat are pretty large.  I got the lamb biryani, saag paneer, chicken curry, aloo gobi, and patiala fish curry.  They also give you naan which was large.  We stuffed our boxes so it was a good deal for a lot of food.  The curries were tasty and flavorful.  They were not watery or bland.  The naan was hot and fresh.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  I definitely would come back again for lunch.
#REVIEW#I have found my experience at the Dhaba pleasant with great service, good food, slightly expensive pricing and some nice ambience.Recently visited Dhaba for a late dinner with a group of friends in the Murray Hill area of NYC which is also popularly known as Curry Hill because of the number of Indian restaurants there. The waiters serving us were really polite and attentive even though it was pretty late in the night. As soon as you get seated, they serve fresh papad with a trio of sauces to pair them with, I found this a really nice gesture. We tried a bunch of dishes and found the food pretty tasty and flavorful. The menu was very vegetarian and vegan friendly, they had dedicated sections of vegetarian and vegan food with wide array of options which is always a great sign. The mint chutney served with the papad was really fresh, flavorful and vibrant. I absolutely loved having it and was a pleasant surprise. We also found the Paneer Taash Kabab really good which was served on a hot plate over a bed of onions and peppers. However, the portion size was not right for a few dishes. The bhaji (curry) served for Pav Bhaji/Baigan Chili Pao was not sufficient for the amount of bread served. The curries we tried were great and the Naan bread was decent. Overall the food was nice and definitely worth trying.Recommendations:Starters: Paneer Taash KababMains: Sabji Saag Malai, Paneer Kali MirchBreads: Garlic Naan, Roomali rotiSummary: One can definitely visit this place for their good Indian food, great ambience and awesome service.
#REVIEW#I was pretty disappointed with my takeout from here.  My fried okra appetizer was greasy and lacking in flavor.  The okra was fried whole.  It was soggy when it arrived and unnecessarily heavy.  The stewed lamb with lentils and spinach had a good flavor but was sitting underneath a thick layer of oil.  The lamb itself was tender, and the puree consistency of the lentils and spinach was fine, but that oil level was really unreal and offputting.
#REVIEW#I came for the buffet today. And was very tired and asked if I could take my plate of food home with me. I was told a very quick and short no from Parveen. So now my whole plate food went to the garbage and I was left to feel unwelcome. I have had three birthdays here in the past and am not sure anymore how I feel about this place. Please either hire people who know how to talk to customers or make them take customer training classes. Knowing how to make customers feel welcome so we continue coming back is part of the dining experience. Thank you.
#REVIEW#This isn't the Dhaba I used to know.It's been a couple years since I've ordered from them and I was so excited for a night of takeaway in bed.I ordered some of my favorites: samosas, navaratan korma, and papads. What I got were just suggestions of those things:- The samosas, while still enormous, were soggy. The cauliflower and pea filling was indistinguishable, underwhelming gray colored mush. No tamaraind sauce to dip them in either; not sure if this was an oversight or if it just doesn't come with the samosas anymore.- The papads were fine, but dry.- The navaratan korma... Dhaba introduced me to this dish years ago and it's usually my go to whenever ordering Indian from anywhere now. But what I got - an anemic, watery dish that came with one potato, one broccoli, and one piece of paneer - was flavorless and unappetizing.Such a disappointment.All day my friends and I had joked about those one bad experiences that turn you off from a certain food for a while. If this had been my first time eating Indian, it would take a lot of work to convince me to do so again.Maybe ordering super late/right before closing makes this my fault, maybe it was just an off day, maybe things have changed in their kitchen over the years. Whatever it is, sadly I think this was my last time here.
#REVIEW#This is my first restaurant at Curry hill and I really like it. We were shown to our table by an overworked waitress because it was a busy time, but she was genuinely gracious the entire time. We were starving but we didn't go for the buffet and went ala-carté. We HAD to order mango lassi as soon as we went in, and it was a wonderful choice - good consistency, not too thick and not too thin either. The main course food arrived in less than ten minutes. We ordered Paneer tash kebab, it was charry on the outside, full of flavor and juicy and amazingly delicious. Loved it. Navraton korma was okay, even though we ordered the spicy version our curry was very sweet. Garlic naan was soft and very good. My only gripe is the restrooms, I wish they were cleaner. On the whole, highly recommend this place for authentic North-Indian food. Will definitely return!!
#REVIEW#This place is horrible. Got this oily dish even after calling them and telling them for less oil in my entree. Taste was alright. Better places to order from.
#REVIEW#It seems like almost everyone has given this place a review for it's lunch buffet, so let me preface that I am writing a review for dinner also in mind.My dinner experience was as follows: Arrived a little before 7:30 and found the place pretty much full. This place isn't huge and will probably only seat about 20-30 people max. I made a reservation beforehand, so I didn't have a problem getting a seat, even though my party was like 15 minutes late.After taking a quick look at the menu, and because many people on this board have given it positive reviews, I decided to get the Chicken Tikka Masala. While I probably could have gone with something spicy, I decided to sidestep that midnight disaster. I felt like the tikka masala was good, but probably nothing specialThe problem lies squarely in the price. I paid $16 bucks for the curry, and it didn't include any rice. This is kind of silly, and a very high price to pay for just a curry by itself. Considering the lunch deal is so good, it's weird that they'd try to nickel and dime you here for dinner.
#REVIEW#Came here the other night with my friends. We picked this place because they have options for both vegan and non vegan (love that my friends are very accommodating). The place was a little crowded and cramped. Extremely noisy. Could barely hear my friends over the loud atmosphere. I felt like I was yelling the whole time trying to talk to my friends. For food we shared aloo saag, tawa aloo gobi, and got basmati rice on the side. They also got other entrees that were not vegan. I'm not a big fan of spicy food but their food was not bad. My friends also enjoyed the food. I'm pretty sure all of us left full and satisfied.
#REVIEW#Not too shabby for dinner...Of course the boyfriend was enticed by the 32 oz beer, or course he really liked the free shot glass of mango smoothie and crispy cracker in their sauce. I guess his friend took him here and that's why he took me here. Props to him, he did a good job when trying to take me out to dinner after a movie.Alright, enough of how it all happened; onto the tea stuff... the food...Started off with a cheese naan where I would pass next time because the cheese wasn't stringy as I expected but it was little bits of it that didn't have much flavor. Then had the biriyani and a really flavorful chicken dish with lots of sauce. Those two were amazing and would make me want to go back!
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch buffet with a friend. It's one of the few places in the area that has a lunch buffet apparently. The selection of food provided was very good. There were both vegetarian and non-vegetarian (chicken) options available. Also, they provided a limited naan, tandoori chicken, and other foods for each table which was pretty nice. None of the dishes were super spicy, but I felt that each curry was well flavored and tasty regardless. I thought that this place was a great value and I would definitely consider coming again.
#REVIEW#We tried their lunch buffet and it was good. They had a pudding(did not like it because of a lot of cinnamon), three vegetarian and two chicken gravies. They served tandoori chicken and pakora and naan or rotis as per our choice. They also had mutton biryani for meat eaters and plain rice for vegetarians. Liked one of the chicken gravies called madrasi chicken and the other one wasn't good. The mutton biryani was okay. The buffet is $13.5!
#REVIEW#This is probably the worst indian restaurant I have landed into for last 3 years in US. There service is pathetic, food tastes shit and is stale. Don't come here even if you don't find place anywhere else
#REVIEW#The Waiters working here not getting paid well at all. The reason they look so frustrated & the service is so disappointing! Hopeless price! Paying $17 bucks for the chicken curry without rice. You have to pay for the rice!! Food: Unfortunately the chef is not getting paid either!! Sigh!! But then I can't be so negative! They serve green chili, onion and a piece of lime! Thank you!
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and wasn't blown away by anything.Got the pani puri to start along with an order of chicken tikka masala and one of the British curries with lamb.The pani puri was pretty good and I liked the sauce it came with. Was not impressed with the chicken tikka masala. The chunks of chicken were huge, dry, and not tender at all. The flavors were lacking.The lamb British curry was a bit better. The waiters were consistently trying to upsell us so that was a bit annoying. Probably better to check out their buffet than dinner.
#REVIEW#Walked right in for party of 5 on a Saturday night around 6pm. The restaurant was about half full, they have larger booths in the back but those look like they're for reservations. The service was pretty slow, we had to flag down the waiter each time we wanted to order or pay, but the water service was on top of it! We ordered a couple apps (the potato balls, eggplant, chili oil naan), three dinner items (chicken tikka, vibrato, and vegetarian korma) plus naan (of course). The vindalo was unfortunately very not spicy, even after the waiter warned us, it was hardly spicy to me.. and I'm a total wimp! The chicken tikka was unfortunately the best, even through that's a really lame choice. I LOVED the naan, my favorite being the plain.... Overall would still recommend as a place if you're interested in Indian and in the area.
#REVIEW#One of the best Indian place I've eaten. The food was amazing. We ordered the shrimp luchi, chicken bharta, and malia kofta,I give it 4 starts because the restaurant needs an upgrade. Its dark and cold inside- it needs to be well let and welcoming to people. I usually don't try Indian food when I am outside as I can get it at home. However, this was really good. The spices, and the taste was on point. Great place to visit if you want good Indian food.
