#NAME#Buddakan
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/buddakan-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,bars,asianfusion#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#The food is literally amazing !!! Ambiance is beautiful. I got the chilled udon noodles which i didn't like so much because it has this candy-like strings in them that gets in every bite and sticks to your teeth like jelly beans. It is also cold hence the chilled, so it wasn't really my vibe. My sister got the crab noodles which was so much better so I definitely recommend that !! The coconut curry comes with rice and is absolutely delicious. I don't usually like curry but this was amazing The cauliflower dish was so good also! I would be coming back
#REVIEW#I made our reservations for Buddhakan about a month ago online.  When making the reservations I specifically put in there and that it was my friends birthday and I wanted a cake with a candle and a saying Happy Birthday. Which was great because that was fufilled but I'll get to that part after. I walked in to the restaurant and I checked in but the check in process was a little difficult. I walked up to the long desk with 4 people at the check in desk. I was standing right in front of a guy and he was completely ignoring me for about 4 minutes or so, he kept looking in every direction except right in front of him, which left a sour taste to me,so then I moved over to the left of him to a girl who seemed surprised that I walked up to her and she asked if I had a reservation. I gave her my name and she told me to go to the lounge. I walked up the stairs only to be a little overwhelmed with the amount of people that were sitting or aoun's and it looked as if people were eating dinner because we saw appetizer is at teebles. It got a little overwhelming and we asked a bus boy if we could sit down. Soon after and maybe about 5 minutes and to us sitting down a lady comes up to us and asks if I have a reservation and what my name wise I gave her main name she looked up my name and asked if I ordered anything I stated no and then followed her down the stairs. The ambience of the chandeliers hanging from the ceiling down to the long rows of teebles was absolutely stunning. It couldn't have been a more romantic and beautiful setting. We were then seated in a Room that looked like a library. Which was good a great setting. Than our wonderful waitress named Jennica.  She S the typical questions such as have you ever dined here before, and if she could recommend some things. We had a few questions about the menu and about the food. She was absolutely great.  For our appetizer we ordered oxtail dim sum which was the most absolutely perfect dim sum I've ever had. The oxtail was absolute we mouth watering and moist. For our entree we ordered lobster fried rice, filet mignon, and monk fish.  The lobster fried rice was great and it was everything that I expected it to be,  Decent pieces of lobster chopped up in the fried rice. The monkfish was absolutely amazing I've never had monkfish before,  It was fried in a chili sauce which was not too spicy. When you cut into the monkfish and you have that 1st bite it the literally teases Lake a tender piece of chicken. I was baffled and still a little confused when I was eating at because it had np fishy taste whatsoever. But I was really disappointed in the filet mignon.It had no taste whatsoever I only had half of a piece because it was completely bland. There was no salt or pepper on it. The sauce that was on the plate wasn't any help. And there was another source that was in a little jar that I poured over my piece of steak and it didn't help at all I didn't even finish it and I was going ask the waitress to take it back but i than decided not to do that.  For dessert I ordered for my friend the weeping chocolate something and I ordered for myself a mango mousse cake which was absolutely phenomenal the presentation was absolutely stunning and it has  pieces of mint leaves and  along with the weeping chocolate something it were a looks absolutely amazing and my friend loved it because it had pistachio ice cream on top. Or all if you're looking to go out for birthday of some story or a your looking to celebrate any type of occasion I highly suggest coming here. But just beware of the check in process because some of the people look like they do not want to help you other than that I highly highly recommend requesting your waitress to be Jennica because she was absolutely everything and that I look for she was kind caring and she took her time with us even though it was quite busy for a Friday night.
#REVIEW#Absolutely fantastic!Cool, lounge environment with the eclectic cuisine and music, also sophisticated clientele when the tourists aren't around lol.Great pick in the city, will be back!
#REVIEW#Buddakan has always been a must visit in my bookmarks! One, for the food & two, only because I love any pretty looking restaurant. The beauty of this restaurant is surreal. The restaurant is constructed to perfection. With high ceilings, beautiful chandeliers, romantic candles and lengthy stairs. We had reserved Buddakan for my birthday dinner so as soon as we walked into the restaurant they seated us right away. The food here is just great. My fiancé and I ordered the lollipop cauliflower which I HIGHLY recommend, salmon dumplings, lobster fried rice and the lamb chops. We ended the night on a great note, my fiancé had informed the restaurant through Opentable that we will be celebrating a birthday. Our wonderful server brought a soy infused ice cream with a candle, on the house. Everything was great and I will definitely come back to Buddakan when I'm back in the city.
#REVIEW#Came here and absolutely ordered too much food but it was all so good so we took it home. My favorite part of the meal besides the apps pictured was the black pepper beef. I really like the sauce that it was cooked with and used a spoon to spread it amongst all the other dishes. My least favorite part of the meal was the crab fried rice. The crab tasted really dried out and a waste of money. (This is where I used most of the sauce from the beef tbh) Everything is tapas style so we ordered multiple plates so we could try all we could. And I still want to try more things on the menu. Will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Gorgeous setting for date night and amazing food. A bit higher class than Tao I would say and the food is definitely more elegant and artistic. Otherwise, very similar to Tao in terms of branding, appearance, and vibes. They are also right across the street from each other. Buddakan has a very cool "Hogwarts-like" table in the main dining room which is great for photo backdrops. The cocktails are also really good, as expected. The pastry chef is Filipino I believe and created a unique Filipino dessert which was the hit amongst my friends.Dishes are meant to be shared family-style.
#REVIEW#I liked Buddakan so much that I went back for my birthday dinner with my family. This review is for their tasting menu (for parties of 6 or more). I was blown away by the entire night!If you are a party of 6 or more, you absolutely have to do the tasting menu. We did the $85/person, but substituted in the Charred Filet Of Beef for the Black Pepper Beef, which increased the price by $1 to $86/person (no brainer).Our waiter was awesome and hilarious, everything was absolutely delicious and the atmosphere was super cool. It was the best birthday dinner ever.Every dish on the $85/person tasting menu was amazing/creative. Items that surprised me were the Chilled Udon Noodles (with sorbet!?) and the Peking Duck Salad (both which I normally wouldn't order but definitely would get again). The Cantonese Spring Rolls, Charred Filet Of Beef, Lobster Fried Rice and Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp are awesome - you can't go wrong with any of these items.The dessert was a tasting menu from the chef, and was equally as good as the appetizers/entrees. Seriously I normally don't eat dessert but ate everything! Anyway, check out the pictures - I tried to take a bunch so you can see what I'm talking about. If you're consider Buddakan tasting menu for a special occasion - DO IT.
#REVIEW#Buddakan is my go-to Asian fusion spot in the city! It probably has one of the coolest interiors of any restaurant I've ever been to; tucked in the side of Chelsea Market, you wouldn't expect such a cavernous, classy space inside! The restaurant gets crowded, especially on weekends - definitely get a reservation! Once you check in at the front counter, there's a large bar area where you wait for your table to be set up - all of the signature cocktails I've tried have been well-made, and I'd recommend getting here early to get a few pre-dinner drinks! As mentioned above, this restaurant is much larger on the inside than it looks from the street! It has a downstairs level where the majority of the seating is, including a huge table in the center - in general, I'd highly recommend this restaurant for large groups as they can accommodate them very easily! If you're celebrating a special event, they also print customized menus if you call in advance and get one of the pre-set, family style Chef's Tasting options!I actually celebrated my most recent birthday here and it was one of the smoothest birthday dinner experiences I've had! I'd definitely consider having more group events here, and we certainly had more than enough food for our group of 9! We had the Chef's Tasting I, which came with the below:Appetizer:Edamame Dumpling - A classic Buddakan dish and a must-have when dining here!Cantonese Spring Rolls - Another reliable dish, these are always cooked to prime crispness!Chilled Udon Noodles - I hadn't tried this dish before when I ordered a la carte - and I was missing out! The peanut sauce on these noodles is one of the best I've tried, and I'll definitely be getting this on future visits too!General Tso's Dumpling - These are basically just small soup dumplings, filled with chicken and broth. Very tasty!!Peking Duck Salad - I'm not a duck eater myself, but the rest of the table seemed to rave about it, and I enjoyed the greens and dressing part of the dish!Entrees:Broken Chili Chicken - Another A+ dish I hadn't tried before, and another dish I'll be getting from now on! The chicken is slightly crispy with a hint of spice, and very well-cooked!Sizzling Short Rib - Can't speak to the ribs (although the rest of the table also raved about those), but the mushroom chow fun that accompanied the dish was absolutely amazing! Would get that again separately if I could, or maybe split the dish with someone who eats ribs!Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - One of my go-to dishes here, the sauce on this cod is very flavorful and memorable! You'll definitely want to come back for this one.Hong Kong Shrimp & Scallop - The lobster sauce is flavorful yet not too heavy - a light, fresh dish for all seafood lovers.Sides:Vegetable Rice & Asian Green Stir Fry - Solid accompaniments to the meal! I'm usually not a big fried rice person, but I was a big fan of the dish! The pine nut sauce in the stir fry was also a favorite of mine.Desserts:Crying Chocolate - Probably Buddakan's signature dessert, this is a must-order for not only chocolate lovers but all dessert lovers! A meal here isn't complete without getting this!Banana Cheesecake - The Crying Chocolate has some competition from this dessert - especially because I don't generally even like banana desserts nor cheesecake yet I absolutely loved this one!! I'd definitely get this one again (and apparently it's one of the newest desserts on the menu)!Chocolate Pistachio Cremoso - Chocolate and pistachio? There really isn't going wrong with this one, I wish I saved more room for dessert to eat more of all of these!
#REVIEW#Had a reservation for an early work dinner. The place filled up extremely quickly and was packed by the time we left which was surprising for a Tuesday. The architecture & decor are definitely impressive for out of town guests! Our waiter recommended family style to share and it worked out for us perfectly. He was also very attentive & gave us some good entree suggestions. Some dishes were outstanding while others were less impressive. I'd say - definitely get their edamame dumplings. It is so creamy and just a heavenly bite. For appetizers, I would also recommend the general tso dumplings (not quite like soup dumplings, but was good nonetheless)I also loved their sizzling short rib that came with thick flat noodles.We also got a couple of the rice dishes (vegetable & lobster). Although perfectly fine - I just thought they were a bit bland in comparison to everything else. The Kung Pao sauce in the monkfish was DELICIOUS! I wish they had more options with that sauce. Overall left the place satisfied and full!
#REVIEW#I came here with a group and can't complain about a single thing from my personal experience. Cool clubby ambiance, definitely unique. What's valuable here is there are a few "tasting menu" options like prix fixe groupings you can choose from so you don't take so much time trying to pick individual items off the menu while getting a good variety of food. And then when the food came, everything was delicious and well seasoned/well prepared/tasty. Definitely recommend for a dinner with a group before going out! Good cocktails too!!!
#REVIEW#The best part of this restaurant is the ambiance, but not the food. It's an overpriced Chinese restaurant. I spent $125 per person only to find out mediocre Chinese food served in a fancy dish. Save your self the money, just have a few drinks and enjoy the setting. Cauliflower lollipops were the worst.  Chicken soup dumplings were the best.  Black pepper beef and noodles with chicken were nothing to write home about, I had better at PF changs!!
#REVIEW#Such a beautiful place omg!!! Elegant and artistic waiting area in the bar lounge. there is always a wait even with reservations on a Tuesday but sooo worth the wait. The food was delicious, service was perfect! This is the best spot for a date night. Totally sets the tone for a classy dinner. My favorite part of the restraint was the downstairs seating area, with a giant long table and beautiful lights, must see!
#REVIEW#Awesome place to have dinner with friends!! This is definitely the spot to go to for date night or dinner with friends, especially if you plan on staying out later in the evening right after dinner.We ordered a variety of appetizers and mains to share with the table. The food was phenomenal- it definitely lived up to all the hype my friends were talking about.I'll be back next time with a larger party of people, so we can get one of the main dining area tables which look straight out of a movie. Looking forward to coming back soon!
#REVIEW#I came on a Tuesday night for a birthday dinner. Overall it was "nice".....mind you I have been in the past (the one in AC not this one) and was amazed by this place however this experience fell a little short....don't get me wrong I would go back but not rushing.....My cocktails were extremely watered down  and my main course was a little bland......the high light of my meal was the appetizers.......the shrimp is to DIE for....honestly if I was to go back I would simply order appetizers because all of them were great.....waitstaff was top notch and the ambiance was worth the over cooked lamb chops and bland lobster fried rice.....granted it did not hit the spot yet it is a nice experience I would recommend. My true rating is a 3.5
#REVIEW#Located in the same building as Chelsea Market, Buddakan is hard to find because of the inconspicuous signage on its exterior. On my first visit here, I walked past the restaurant several times before I finally found the entrance. In stark contrast to the outside, the interior of the restaurant is grand and stately. The dining room on the lower level is one of the most beautiful I've seen at any restaurant in the city. The beef dishes here are the most flavorful. The short rib scallion pancake appetizer consists of a flaky and crispy pancake topped with tender and moist beef, with diced Asian pear and ginger adding to the flavor and texture. The oxtail dumplings dim sum, combining the heat of jalapenos with the tartness of green apples, is bathed in a sweet and savory soy sauce. The lobster egg rolls and the lobster saffron fried rice, while generous in terms of portion size and the quantity of lobster meat, are somewhat bland and boring. Service is attentive, courteous, and at times even solicitous. Prices are reasonable for a restaurant of this calibre in New York City.
#REVIEW#The restaurant is beautiful and so unique.  The main dining room is a sight to behold. Unfortunately, I found the food to be just okay though, a level above PF Chang.  Perhaps we did't order the right dishes.  The tuna tartare was a great start.  The kitchen never sent the edamame dumplings.   We felt that we ordered so much food, we didn't make a big an issue out of it.  Soon they brought the lobster rice, chili king Alaskan crab, kung pao monkfish, and cauliflower veggie side dish.  I found all the dishes had cloyingly sweet duck sauce-ish sauce, except for the rice.   The rice didn't come out hot.   It was mildly seasoned, subtle saffron taste, almost undetectable.  The biggest disappointment was the king crab due to the very sweet sauce.    Some parts of the crab seemed too dry.   The monkfish was fried with a great crunch and a bit of heat, but again the sauce is on the sweeter side.  The service didn't seem to line up with the price and atmosphere. I was expecting a more refined service.   The tea cup came without a saucer, the runners just placed them without care, same with how they placed the dessert spoons.   Perhaps I'm being picky.   I'm sure there are some standout dishes, but I'm in no hurry to go back and find them.   It's one of those places you want to cross off your list.   As far as dessert, the crying chocolate dessert was pretty good but the molten ganache cake part was very sweet indeed.  I indicated it was for birthday on the reservation app, and it was nice of them to write happy birthday  on the dessert.
#REVIEW#Wowza. I still dream about this restaurant.The atmosphere is totally cool. Being a newb to NYC, this is honestly exactly what I pictured an NYC restaurant to be. Super hip, dim lighting, lively atmosphere (especially for a Wednesday night), and amazing food.The staff greets you and offers to hang your jackets. They ask you to wait at the bar for someone to get you for your table when it's ready. The non-alcoholic drinks at the bar were great.Too many things we tried but the favorite was the spare rib appetizer. YUM.
#REVIEW#Come to Buddakan if you are looking for upscale Asian food!The ambiance here reminds me of Hogwarts because of the high ceiling, dimmed lights, lengthy stairs, and vintage chandeliers. There is plenty of seating and long banquet tables for those with big parties. Buddakan is ideal for dates and group dinner celebrations because the entree portions here are pretty generous which is great for sharing family style! If you come here, definitely get the sea bass. It was delicious!
#REVIEW#There are almost 4,000 reviews of this restaurant and many of the people I'm connected to have been here so I decided to try it. Most had a great time and gave it high marks. Living in New York City and having so many choices of great restaurants I had a high expectation and most of them were met. This is a very trendy restaurant located next to the Chelsea  Market. If you are a tourist you will be in awe of the place. It is trendy, romantic, has great architecture, is large, a bit noisy although depending where you are seated can be surprisingly quiet for a large space. This restaurant should impress the person or people you bring. There is a BYO option that I did not read about which we opted for with a $35 corkage fee. This way you know can bring a wine you are 100% sure of.  I found myself comparing the place to TAO which I love and have been to several times that is located across the street. The food was excellent although I will not say it was "exceptional". There were a few dishes that were memorable. I did not see any of the reviews mention the tasting menu which was available. There were 4 priced at $75, $85, $95 and $120. If you have parties of 4 or more you can choose from the $85, $95 or $120. The differences are the amount of dishes you get. There were 4 of us so  we went with the $85 per person. Everyone gets to sample 6 appetizers, 4 main courses, 2 sides and 4 deserts. To me this was more than enough and provided a great overall perspective of their food. I never did a tasting menu before and thought this would be a good place to try it. I also convinced everyone else because the waiter explained that depending on the dish you order and the temperature you request it at, they may not be served at the same time. He said this was so you can enjoy the food at the "optimum" temperature. I thought that would be awkward if someone ordered a dish to be cooked rare and another one medium rare and one person is eating while the others are waiting. When you order the tasting menu everyone is served every dish at the same time. The service was very good and the waiter was friends. There are  runners bringing the dishes out as they are ready. The restaurant was busy although there were a few minor things that could have been better with the service. I had to ask for my water glass to be refilled at first and the waiter forgot to bring out a friends soda. To their credit there was someone that came around several times to make sure everything was ok and we were able to get the water and soda relatively quickly.My favorite appetizers were the Edamame Dumplings, the Potstickers and the Chili Rock Shrimp. Favorite main's were the Glazed Alaskan Black Cod and the Sweet and crispy Jumbo Shrimp. I would definitely  recommend these if you are ordering Ala Carte. It was weird that for such a large restaurant that appeared to seat a few hundred people that there were only 2 bathrooms on the main floor. I also found myself thinking if there was another way to exit the restaurant in an emergency besides the narrow front entrance. I am sure there is, although the restaurant is very dark and I could not see any other exits. I had a great time although personally I don't think I will be coming back again. There are so many great restaurants in the city to go to.  I would hands down go back to TAO first which really had great food, a selection of sushi, which you cannot find at Budakkan and outstanding service including attendants in the bathrooms. I would recommend Budakkan as I think most people will have a memorable nice time.
#REVIEW#Was hanging out in Tao across the street and was told this was a big competitor so we decided to check it out since I don't come to the neighborhood often. Was able to sit at the bar but that turned out to not be a good thing. The bar is flat up against the stools so no where for you to put your legs. Also the bottom of the stool where you put your feet is lower than normal so your legs hang causing discomfort and your kegs to fall asleep. The bartender agreed and we thought maybe management used these type of seats so no one sat for long periods of time and occupied the spot for a good rotation. Either way it was no good! Drinks were poured well and staff was friendly so that got that right. We took a tour of the place and I just didn't get it. Tao is so much better I don't know how this could be competition.
