#NAME#Hill Country Barbecue Market
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/hill-country-barbecue-market-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bbq,southern,bars#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#3.5/5Pit Master ($32): comes with beef brisket, pork rib, sausage, chicken, and two sides.Jalapeno sausage: must order! This sausage was sooo juicy and delicious. Loved the flavors and everything was just perfect about thisBeef brisket: option of moist or lean. We got the moist but it actually wasn't that moist? Not the definition of tender or fall off the bone eitherPork rib: I did like the seasoning for this, but the best parts of the rib were closer to the fatty ends, that was really where the juices got going. But a regular bite, it was pretty, well, regular, so I'd say skip this. Chicken: chicken is chicken and that's pretty much what this is. Mac and cheese: GET THIS! One of the best mac and cheese I've had in a while - huge pasta, and they used quite a lot of cheese for this
#REVIEW#What can I say beyond disappointing - after I saw Burgers, Brew & 'Que I was more than elated to take the N train and devour ALL Simon had consumed. UNFORTUNATELY it was GARBAGE - BBQ was cold as ice (we ordered the Pit Master) Chicken (Cold), Ribs (Cold and were not falling apart- i think they were boiled)  Brisket- forget about it, I specifically ordered MOIST - the dude gave me a meat thats hard as a rock and again not even warm! Never again I will trust sh*t from TV what you see on TV is for show - funny people next to our table said the same thing LOL. For the record we ordered 2 pit masters- to be fair I love the cucumber, beans, and the sweet potatoes. Quite frankly I want my money back - it simply sucks - 2 stars for the cucumber and the service!
#REVIEW#UPDATE... The manager reached out to make this experience right and that is exactly what happened.We decided to come back here for a complimentary dinner for two. And it exceeded my expectations. I didn't expect for it to be good based on my first awful experience. I was skeptical but wow was I wrong. We ordered something different this time.. We did dine-in and got the Pitmaster special. The brisket was great this time. It wasn't dry. It melted in your mouth. The chicken was flavorful and not dry at all. The ribs were great too. Overall, great second experience and glad I gave this place another chance. We also came during the NYC karaoke league night. What an entertaining and tasty night. Thanks Rick!
#REVIEW#I've been to this place couple times already, thought it was a bit of pricey. We got a 1/4 lb of brisket(moist), pulled pork, baby back ribs, wings, and jalapeño cheese sausage with side dishes devil egg and coke slaw. The wing was the best, brisket was a bit salty on the skin or outer layer of the meat, baby back ribs was a bit fatty, the sausage wasn't bad since it's spicy. I remember the side dishes to be better from my first time there, regular eggs tasted better than the devil egg we got so that was disappointing and the coleslaw was a bit bitter. The service was good, our waiter was attentive and he didn't try to kick us out when we were just chilling there after paying. It was a bit too loud to chit chat there, my throat was hurting a bit after couple hours of talking with friends
#REVIEW#High priced cafeteria,I don't like to fetch my own food.I could do that home.
#REVIEW#Way better in person than via post-mates. I had a pound of spare ribs. When I received via delivery there was not much meat on the bone. You pay by weight, so those bones must have been heavy, making delivery seem like a rip off.In person however, this place is awesome!!! Ambiance transported me to Nashville. I picked my own ribs which were meaty and delicious, was able to taste test a side of Mac and cheese and sweet potatoes, and the bar tenders were attentive. Can't wait to come again soon!!
#REVIEW#I was happy that now I work in the area and I am about 5 minutes walk from Hill Country Barbecue. I came here today for lunch to get out of the office and enjoy the sun a little bit. The cashier greeted me and handed me an ordering card. I walked up to the Barbecue & Sausage booth and waited for someone to assist me. I told the guy that I want the Butcher's Pick and he looked at me weird. He went to ask someone in the back and guess they have no clue.  Shoot a lot has changed about 3 years ago ::sad face:: I was frustrated and didn't have a back-up lunch spot so I just ordered the Moist Brisket for $14.75 half lb which only came with four slices of white bread. I looked over at the sides menu...OMG so expensive. The guy added a sticker onto my card then put a lot of barbecue sauce in my bag. I missed when the brisket was wrapped in paper. I paid for my order at the cash wrap and asked again about the Butcher's Pick. No one knew about it. I guess they change management and staff. I speed walk back to my office to devour my food. Wow, I am totally disappointed in the brisket. I paid about 16 bucks for bland and dry brisket...SMH!!! I dunked the brisket into barbecue sauce and it still doesn't even make it taste good. It was such a waste of $$$ and I am over you! Go somewhere else, people!
#REVIEW#I'm gonna be honest: you always hear so much about barbecue but I felt like it was always overrated! I'd give the obligatory nod and smile when people would rave about brisket or ribs but it was more to appease them. Never a true reflection of the cooking that we were addressing. Until now. Oddly enough, deep in the heart of New York City lies the best barbecue anywhere. Hill Country Barbecue Market changes the game when it comes to barbecue. Let me tell you how. First off, they utilize market pricing style. For those who don't know what that means, it means you pay for what it weighs. I love this concept. But for those of you who are indecisive, they also have specials. For us, we split the 2 meats for $23 which featured a third of a pound of two meat entrees (with the exception of 3 items, but still left plenty of options) and 2 sides. When you order your meats, you get two choices: moist or lean. If you're a true foodie that eats for your heart, the answer is easy. But with the rise of all these diets and preferences, lean was also a necessary addition. But boy oh boy if you get the moist meat you are in for a treat. It is literally dripping. The brisket was the most impressive when it came to being moist because the meat followed the every command of your fork. It was beautiful. Now let me run down the food. We tried the Brisket and the Pulled Pork. Thanks to my best friend I was also able to sample the sausage. The sausage was very unique. It was well done, very meaty and mildly smoky. A worthy nod to its southern origins. The pulled pork was something mouthwatering. Extremely moist, flavorful but not overbearing and filling. The thing that I always judge a barbecue place by is their brisket. And if this place was to be solely judged by that, they'd be second to none. The Brisket meat itself was a very good quality. I opted for the moist, so there were no other utensils required. I was able to dive in to any piece at any point, simply by using my fork to divide it. It was heavenly. If you wanted the best bite simply get everything attached. Gather a good hunk of meat and be sure to get some skin along with it. The skin adds an element of seasoning that helps complete the taste. This is truly the way barbecue is supposed to taste. So if you're one of those who is like I was (a carnivore with no idea why people think barbecue is so good when it's just ok) then I'd direct you to the city. I know, it sounds counterintuitive to me too. But trust me, this is why barbecue is so coveted and so good.
#REVIEW#Lived in Memphis and love BBQ. While this place doesn't stack up to Memphis's best, it's very solid. Ribs have a good, almost Texas-style, rub to them. Brisket didn't have too much smoke, but it was cooked well. Beans were solid.It's definitely expensive, but it's worth the money if you need a BBQ fix and you live in Manhattan.
#REVIEW#This NoMad traditional Texas style BBQ is not to be missed. It's family style at the market in the back. The restaurant looks like a Texas saloon or dance hall. Which is stunning on the isle of Manhattan!The food lives up to its expectations. The smoked brisket is a favorite. You can choose what proteins you want and sides in the market area. Your card is marked and you pay after you eat. There is a bar with a generous happy hour starting at 5pm daily. My favorite on the happy hour menu is the chili Mac and cheese. The staff are welcoming and attentive. It's great for casual meals with groups. On the weekends, there is live music downstairs. There is traditional desserts to complete your experience.Now scoot on over there!
#REVIEW#First timers and we LOVED IT! New parents to a 3 month old so we appreciate any time off. As soon as we walked in, the hostess accommodated by giving us a larger table since we had the baby. The young man who took our order, Rob - at the meat counter was incredible. Very informative, Knowledgeable and courteous. All of his recommendations were GREAT. Our table server Eric was also super courteous! Customer service from these two was EXCELLENT and definitely made for a much needed comfortable night out.We had the Brisket, pork ribs and pulled pork for meat. Sides ordered: Mac and cheese (WOW), Baker beans, cucumber salad and delicious cornbread. Banana pudding and chocolate mousse for dessert. My family lives in Greenville and I have to say this is the BEST BBQ place I've had outside of SC. RIBS were fantastic. Thank you Hill Country for a wonderful Sunday dinner. TWO THUMBS UP!
#REVIEW#Decided to return for another try...completely different experience than the one beforehand.  Returned on a weekend afternoon, and was greeted by hostess Dominique who promptly seated us.  Our server was Lucille, who asked if we'd been there before and if we needed anything explained about the restaurant (told her we had visited once, and remembered how it worked).  The chicken was much better prepared this time around; juicy and flavorful---my daughter ended up eating two pieces (she loved it that much!).  The Mac 'n Cheese was cooked nicely, cheesy with just the right amount of seasoning.  I also tried the Ribs this time around...I'm normally not a fan of dry-rub but these tasted really good with a couple of dashes of the BBQ sauce.The brisket--OMG the brisket...I liked it from my first visit so assumed it would be just as good during my second---Hill Country seems to do brisket really, really well here.  Perfect compliment to the Beans with Burnt Ends (not sure of the "proper" name), which was something also new that we all tried.The Sweet Potatoes with bourbon was still a side dish that threw me a bit (see my previous review)...but now I'm beginning to wonder whether it's my own taste buds, or whether it truly is the bourbon being too over-whelming because my daughter tried some without complaint, as did my husband.  Lucille and Dominique both checked on us during the meal, and were always pleasant and attentive.  During dessert, my husband and I had coffee once more, while our daughter opted for ice cream this time (you can spot the desserts offered at the cooler/freezer near the bar area).  We were trying to figure out which flavor each ice cream was by the color when a gentleman employee with a red beard sitting near by jumped up to describe each flavor for us, and suggested the mint chocolate ice cream as the best he's ever had---EVER.  He was so right---turns out (as explained by him later when I pointed out his recommendation was on-point) the ice cream is supplied by Hersheys...the chips are real fresh chocolate, the mint not the standard "toothpaste taste",  and the consistency super creamy and smooth.  I had to fight my daughter for just more than one taste.All in all, I'm very pleased to have given Hill Country a 2nd try, and I'm impressed at the level of service we received from both Lucille and Dominique throughout our meal.   Those two ladies are an asset to the restaurant.  I look forward to being a regular at Hill Country whenever I need to get my BBQ on!
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch on a monday. next to no crowd which was nice, but also no live music which adds to the otherwise kinda plain atmosphere here. But who cares. Here for the meat right? And boy it did not disappoint. The ribs were large and well cooked, little rare on the inside, but oh. so. tender. I got the pulled pork sandwich as well which was delicious. Granted everything need a heavy dose of BBQ sauce which they have in pour bottles at each table, but who doesn't love sauce. The sides were great. Risotto to baked beans to mac&cheese to cornbread and green beans.Because of the lack of crowd the BBQ guy took us to the back and showed us the pits. Imported wood from Ft. Worth, TX and the pits were giant. Definitely recommend if you're missing some good ol' southern cooked BBQ and some finger licking sides. Being from TX I approve of Hill Country BBQ!
#REVIEW#I've been coming here every week for the past 6 weeks and FINALLY had the food. Other than expensive, it's really very good. Get the brisket, it's definitely work the money and quite excellently made. The sausage was also very good and of course the bbq sauce is very tasty. I've basically tried everything side wise with friends offering this and that, and the corn bread is great! If you're a tourist or need a place for a large group, this is your spot. Good space, often has great music, and good service. If you are from anywhere that prides itself on your local BBQ, I'm sure youd still enjoy, but dont judge too hard. It's always tough finding decent BBQ joints this far north of the Mason dixon line.
#REVIEW#Hill Country has my heart. As a southerner who misses Carolina BBQ, this place hits the spot. Plus, the flatiron location is huge and I can't wait to have a big dinner with with all my friends there. HCB is a go-to for me. Last time we went we got a huge platter and had food leftover for days. The brisket and ribs are definitely my faves!
#REVIEW#Brought my mom and grandma here who I flew in from Texas so our expectations for BBQ is very high. Not only did the food exceed our expectations but the service staff was amazing our server was Ali, and we spoke with the manager Chase, and I couldn't have been more happy that I brought my family here to eat on our last day together. The platter plus green beans and Mac and cheese fed all 5 of us with ease as we were super stuffed after. Also felt good to drink a crisp Big Red after being away from the south for so long. See you soon for line dancing and more food Hill Country!
#REVIEW#Reminds me of Nashville.  Very different than what we typically get in NY.  The lean pork loin isn't that great but if you're a lean type of person you might enjoy it.  The sweat tea is real!  Their banana pudding comes in glass which is toooo cute.  The music is fun.  Monday nights there's line dancing!  Wednesday's is karaoke.  Too cute of a place.
#REVIEW#UPDATE BELOWMy boyfriend had been so excited to bring me here and we finally did on our two year anniversary. We clearly went on a very bad day because I've never experienced such terrible service in my life. Disclaimer: our waiter, Eric, was awesome and the only positive thing about it. We decided to get the all you can eat option because my boyfriend wanted to try out as many sides as he wanted so we both got wrist bands. We go up to the meat station and my bf says what he wants. The female server replies rudely saying something like we can either get 1 option or all 3. My bf and I were so confused and after going back and fourth with her and her increasingly getting irritated we just said we'd get "all three"'despite not wanting chicken which was part of the option. Ok... that was off putting but maybe the next station will be a better, less confusing experience. GOLLY WAS I DEAD WRONG. We walk over to the station with all the sides and I ask what something is and the male server says some gibberish and I was like huh? And he, clearly annoyed, says it again in the same fast pace. Ok, guess I won't be getting whatever that is. My bf gets all his sides... maybe around 6. The server asks how many people are in our group as if we had non-paying people at our table which is why we were getting so many sides. We replied "just us" and he rudely replied "well you know you guys can come back up here." My bf, who has been to this restaurant before, unnecessarily explained himself and said something like "yeah we want to try different things" and the server repeatedly asked how many people we had in our group. The server also hurried us and there was only ONE PERSON BEHIND US. We asked for a second tray for our sides and we got attitude for that too. The last thing my bf asked for was deviled eggs which were in the fridge. The server's hand is on the fridge handle but before giving us our eggs he asks "is it your birthday?" MULTIPLE TIMES!!!!!!!!! I said "Yeah!" At this point my blood was boiling and I was gonna give him the same disrespect he was giving us. He asked AGAIN if it was my boyfriends birthday and I replied YES while my poor bf just wanting his eggs said no. The server asked AGAIN! and my bf said no. He finally gets us the freaking deviled eggs and says "Merry Christmas" as we walk off with our trays to our table.Ummm what in the actual f just happened. Did we do something wrong? Is this one of those restaurants where the gimmick is treating the patrons like crap? I was genuinely so confused and angry.We told our waiter and he told the manager and he got us Jell-O shots and offered a couple free beers which we declined. He also comped the chocolate pudding I got as dessert which was nice. Overall, pretty bad experience but we didn't let it ruin our time. The food was good despite the chicken we didn't want being wasted. Note to the awful servers: get a new job. This ain't it. You're clearly miserable people putting it out on customers and ruining it for the good workers there. Note to management: fire these immature people who have zero business being in customer facing establishmentsUPDATE: the general manager reached out to me and offered a complimentary dinner for two which I declined. He apologized for our experience and made a generous attempt to make it right. Thank you. I look forward in visiting this restaurant again in the future.
#REVIEW#A clear winner for best BBQ in all of nyc. The smoked meats here are like flavor orgasm in your mouth. My favorite were the brisket and smoked wings, absolutely Devine. You get a smell of the smoke immediately when you enter the restaurant. Don't forget to try the banana pudding for dessert. Will definitely be back here for my BBQ fix!
#REVIEW#I loved the food here! The brisket was well seasoned, delicious, and melts in your mouth! The pulled pork was also very good.  The Mac and cheese was creamy but not overpowering.  The cornbread and cinnamon butter was very yummy! The banana pudding was scrumptious: creamy and sweet.  I will definitely be back!
