#NAME#OBAO
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/obao-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vietnamese,thai,asianfusion#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I'm shocked I haven't already written a review for OBAO, given the 98759387 times that I've dined at this spot. Happy I finally get to tell the Yelp world how much I'm in love with this restaurant and why it should be your next destination if you're looking for awesomeness in Hell's Kitchen. I made a reservation here for a party of 6 a few days prior. The day of I realized that our party might be a few minutes late. I called and let them know my situation and they said they'd hold the table for me for about 15-20 minutes. When our  party arrived the staff warmly greeted us and told us our table was ready. They walked us up to their second floor and sat us at one of their long tables in the back.The space within the restaurant is surprisingly large. The first floor is beautifully decorated with hanging light fixtures that add to the oriental ambiance. The second floor contains seating that towards the front allows you a street view below and in the back has adequate seating for big groups.The variety on the menu can at first seem overwhelming, but nothing to fear! I've had almost 9 different dishes here and each one is just as good as the other. On this specific occasion I decided to go with the bun bo hue ($15) which includes spicy broth, braised pork belly, thin rice noodles, and a whole lot of other goodness. I 100% recommend.The service here has always been stellar every time I visit. The staff is always friendly and the servers are genuinely knowledgeable about each dish on the menu. They give honest recommendations and give you suggestions based on things you like. So happy that they're willing to help those who may at first get a little taken back by the extensive menu.This restaurant will definitely go down as one of my favorite spots in Hell's Kitchen, if not, in all of NYC. If you're looking for a place with a wide variety of asian fusion dishes that's set in a beautifully decorated setting you'll 100% find it in OBAO.
#REVIEW#OK  food! Papaya salad was good! Pho fail!Someone needs to clean those wooden walls designs and the lighting fixtures from the ceiling! So dusty and disgusted! You can't trust a kitchen if the dining room is that dirty!I was sneezing AF! I got asthma and major allergy! If you like me, avoid this place as all cost!I'm shocked that yelp got them  4 stars! HOW?    I feel bad for the workers who got to breathe this dirts to their lungs!
#REVIEW#Thai and Vietnamese fusion. We got 3 alcoholic drinks, one appetizer, and three entrees and it came up to be about $111 which isn't that cheap.We got the pork belly, khao soi, duck noodles, and clay catfish. The pork belly is sliced somewhat thinly and the dish looked smaller than expected, but it was still ok-good.Khao soi was so disappointing and really sad. First of all, they used a Chinese noodle... The flavoring was bland/thin and didn't have any Thai influence at all. Don't get it. Duck noodles was the best dish from what we ordered. It's the most substantial and was as expected. The noodles were not overcooked/soggy Claypot catfish has a big bed of greens under which I can appreciate. Although, I can't say I was impressed by the fish and flavor. The fish reminded me of a frozen filet that was marinated in oyster sauce. I think the clay pot was all decor and the dish was not authentically cooked in it. This is somewhere I definitely wouldn't revisit again.
#REVIEW#With all good reviews, I am just dissatisfied from the service to the food. The first min we sat down the waitress rushed to come get the drinks (we sat right next to her station).While we still working on our plates, she came ask if we finished and rushed us out (excuse me?) **food**-ober all is way under expection  The Thai Ice Tea was overly Sweet and I even taste the powder. Caramali - Frozen Squid'porti. small portion.gresy
#REVIEW#For such a great location and beautiful ambiance, I truly expected a fantastic experience at OBAO.However, my family and I were quite disappointed with both the price and quantity of food for the quality we were given. We ordered three Pho Bo ($15 each), Roasted Duck Noodles ($16), and the Spare Rib on Sugar Cane Skewer dish ($10), which should have come down to about $78 including tax. Now, this already made us feel that we were paying more for the ambiance than anything else - the food was great, but definitely did not warrant enough "wow factor" to be the price that it was. As I grew up in Los Angeles and have been in the Bay Area (where food can also be extremely expensive but fantastic), the food here is only of typical standard quality and has high prices most likely to target tourists as well as appeal more to a more Westernized audience. For the price I paid here, I would have much rather paid just a little bit more to eat at an actual Michelin-star restaurant.When we asked for the check, the waitress came with a card reader and stood at the table breathing over our necks while we figured out how much to pay. Obao needs to either use the standard check system or give customers their space while they're paying. We wanted to give the standard 15% tip as we were not particularly impressed by some of the service, so this should have amounted to about $82 including tax - however, the card reader had already been programmed to include 18% tip and we were unable to change it. To add fuel to the fire, they include tip after tax rather than before tax, which is absolutely wrong since our service should be separate from the tax we have to pay! Our check amounted to about $92 after their tricks - Obao put a damper on both my and my family's first time on the east coast.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner with my cousin, sister and fiancé. It was a short wait and definitely worth it. We ordered calamari, salt and pepper shrimp and the vegetable spring rolls for appetizers. The calamari was banging!! So much flavor! I ordered the pad see iew which was delicious. My cousin had pad Thai, my fiancé had the fish and my sister had curry chicken. I was impressed with the fish too! The presentation was so cool! They used a flavorful sauce on the fish. My fiancé also ordered a spicy drink which he enjoyed. The service was great. Someone continually refilled our waters without us asking despite how busy it was. We received our bill shortly after finishing. The turnover was really quick since there were other people waiting. Great service and great food! My only complaint was that the shrimp was not cleaned - I had to spit the shrimp shell out of my mouth. The taste of the shrimp was good but it was not enjoyable to eat since the shell was still on the shrimp. Overall, we loved this restaurant and would definitely return!
#REVIEW#This place is super adorable. Perfect for a date night with a romantic ambiance. I think I was drawn to this place with all the lights on the ceiling . Reminded me of the lantern festival in Thailand. For the drinks we got the Obao Sunray $15 & comrade $14. Honestly the drinks weren't my favorite. Could've gone without it. Didn't taste too good .Must orderSpare rib on sugar cane: This was a brilliant idea. Thin slices of spare ribs wrapped around sugarcanes. Absolutely phenomenal 5/5Calamari: So yummy was lightly breaded and the sauce that accompanied it was supper tasty .5/5Papaya salad : This went nicely with all the dishes we ate since we had mostly meat and fried dishes. It wasn't spicy enough so they literally gave me a small bowl of red chilies. Holy moly was it hot ! 5/5Pork belly : Looked interesting sinceIt didn't look sautéed or fried . But it was packing a lot of flavor. I also likedThe pickled carrots and veggies on the side. 5/5I was actually pretty full with all the food but my boyfriend wanted some dumplings. These were horrible . The first one I bit into had a bone or cartilage ? It was super hard and I was turned off by that first bite. Not what I was expecting. 1/5Overall most of the food tasted fairly decent and best of all it was not bad in terms of prices. With the food and drinks our bill was around $80 pre tip. Not too shabby ! *Just a note ( someone needs to dust the lights since I noticed huge clumps of dust bunnies on them ) seemed like they haven't wiped it for an eternity
#REVIEW#Food comes out lightning fast. Literally, once you order, it will be right behind you...Came here to celebrate my moms birthday. There is a cake cutting fee of $2.50 a person, which is reasonable. We started off with the kimchi fries(must have), fried calamari (favorite calamari at any restaurant), salt and pepper shrimp(not a shrimp fan but the table seemed pleased), papaya salad(very fresh). I highly highly recommend the fried calamari.For main course, I had the beef Penang curry and it was good, exactly what you expect. However I did like the fried snapper and the clay pot catfish. Super flavorful and goes great with rice. The cashew chicken and spicy lemongrass short ribs were great but not my first choice. Overall, great spot for dinner or lunch!
#REVIEW#Made a 6:15pm reservation on a Wednesday night and we were seated upstairs. Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I didn't get to dine where the popular balloon lights were on the first floor, but the second floor does have a different type of ceiling decoration. The tables are so close to each other, I really felt like I was dining with the people next to us. Service is slow, but there was only 1 server working upstairs. The food did come out pretty quick so I was pleasantly surprised.We started with the pork belly, which was described as slow-cooked and caramelized in palm sugar and fish sauce. I usually like my pork belly crispy, but this wasn't bad. It tasted well with the pairing of pickled carrots and radish.I ordered the roasted duck noodles. I appreciated the fact that they put the sriracha sauce on the side so you can add it in to your preference. Without the sauce, it is pretty bland. Overall, I wasn't impressed with the taste, perhaps a little too salty for my liking.My boyfriend had the Khao Soi. I enjoyed this more, but I guess that's because I like the curry broth. Forewarning to people who cannot handle spice, this dish may not be for you. You feel the spice by the end of the meal.Our dining experience was rather mediocre and would suggest going elsewhere for asian food. Come for the ambiance, take your instagram pictures, and then keep it moving.
#REVIEW#Cute spot! Came here on a Wednesday evening for dinner. I made reservations an hour before I decided to come with a friend The decor is pretty and the place is pretty dimly lit We were seated promptly and served promptly We ordered two cocktails The Thai - a coconut, rum, pineapple cocktail Berry mojito  Both were really good! Highly recommend Between the of us we shared three appetizers and a main dish We got the fried calamari which was super good though a little over cooked We got fresh shrimp spring rolls that had a great peanut dressing We got the kimchi fries, which are a MUST. Best loaded fries I've ever had! I could seriously eat this every day For a main we got the Pad Thai, which was okay. I liked that it came with a soft boiled egg, but it tasted a bit to sweet for us, reminding ketchup. I'd definitely come back. The food was good and the cocktails were delicious.
#REVIEW#despite the thousands of positive reviews and Asian waitresses, the food is definitely overrated and not very authentic. The Bun Bo Hue is quite bland and lacking the typical flavor. We had to ask for more fish sauce to enhance the flavor. My friends vegetarian dish was ok, the dipping sauce was way too sweet.Drinks were decent. I didn't like the Sunray very much. I find it interesting that drinks cost the same as entrees If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese food, I'd skip this one. You can tell by the clientele who are mostly non Asians
#REVIEW#Not an authentic Thai cuisine, but definitely fitting right in the Hell's Kitchen scene. Menu is not vast. Great service - fast, attentive, professional and not invasive - can't say a word. Great interior and ambience overall, the place was packed on Wednesday night. Good food, at least what we had. My friends Pad Thai looked fantabulous. Short ribs, though, came with at least half a pound of white onions which was a little excessive. Taking off one star for that. And for limited menu options. But I will definitely be willing to give it another chance and come back
#REVIEW#I needed lunch and this place was nearby our work, so the co-workers and I decided to go with OBAO.  The interior is trendy with Thai elements.  It was pretty full when we arrived.  I barely read the menu and tried to spot a yellow curry.  Unfortunately, they didn't have it and decided to get the Beef Rendang Curry dish which came with an appetizer.  We decided to get potstickers for appetizers.  The service was good, but the food wasn't the most authentic and the curry dish was disappointing.  There was barely any beef pieces and the ones that were added were minuscule in size.  Also the curry was waay too liquid and lacked much substance.  It only consisted of tiny tiny beef pieces and small pieces of asparagus.  The prices I believe are not justified because the food seems to cater to a crowd that isn't in need of authentic Thai curry.  I won't be going back because the portions are small too.
#REVIEW#I haven't been to OBAO in over a year due to moving away from the area and honestly it was probably for the best. My friend and I arrived for lunch around 1 PM on a Thursday afternoon. My friend took a few more minutes than me to arrive but the hostess let me still sit inside to wait for her at our table. As soon as I was seated it was pretty evident that the table was very wobbly and the quickly fixed it after I let them know. After my friend joined me, the server arrived fairly quickly to take our order and I chose my normal meal: A pho ga with fried dumplings lunch special. It wasn't long after we ordered that our food came out which was very impressive. However, the food itself was not as awe-inspiring. The dumplings were yummy; however, there was too much sauce drenched over it. It would have been better if it was on the side and the patron can just dip as much as they wanted. The pho ga's broth was good, a little bit on the lighter side but I don't really mind that. However, there was not that much in the bowl apart from the noodles and broth as well as a few pieces of dry chicken and some scattered onions. But it did come with a good amount of bean sprouts, lime wedge and jalapenos. While the food was just ok, the part of the meal that was truly unsatisfying was the fact that even though there was less than 10 tables occupied in the whole restaurant, the servers kept hovering around us while we were catching up and trying to enjoy our meal. They kept trying to rush us by constantly asking to take our bowls away even though we were obviously not finished yet. It would have been one thing if we were loitering for hours and/or the restaurant was full and/or about to close for the afternoon; however, it was the complete opposite of that - it was pretty empty and we were there for less than an hour. That whole experience just left a bad taste in my mouth so I will probably not be back again.
#REVIEW#This hidden gem (to me) was quite a charm. My very best friend, whom I treat like a sister brought me here with my brother who is from Manila. We ate Thai food and we ordered the calamari. Very subtle, which you wouldnt think how great the calamari and the sauce they pair it with. It was too amazing, we actually ordered this again as our 'dessert'! TRULY A MEMORY for your senses to experience. The place is packed, expect to have a little bit of wait for a party of 4 or so. I would go back again just because of how they make their sauce. it's truly magic.
#REVIEW#Delicious!!! This is for delivery only.I ordered the Steamed Dumplings ($9) and the Beef Panang Curry ($18). Delivery arrived on-time. Order is correct. The steamed dumplings were tasty. They contain a small shrimp. The sauce they came with is more of a thicker consistency soy sauce. It was 5 dumpling for $9. A bit pricey for those I think. I won't order them again. Not worth it in my opinion. The Beef Panang Curry was delicious! I would order it again. There was crunchy green beans and the coconut milk and curry blend tasted SO good. I drank it. There was about a cup of beef total, which isn't bad. The beef was not as tender as I thought it would be and it's sliced thin. Good flavors throughout though. Great portion size too. I couldn't even eat any of the rice that it came with! Love OBAO and I recommend trying it out!!
#REVIEW#A very fun, intimate/romantic vibe at this restaurant with dim lights and beautiful lights hanging. Came on a Saturday for dinner around 7pm, with a reservation. The server checked in on us pretty frequently to make sure we were okay, and our water was never empty. We ordered the Michelin recommended spare rib on sugar cane skewer which was very tasty (as was the sauce that came with it!) I ordered the pad Thai which comes with a poached egg. Personally, it was a little too sweet for me and I prefer not having the poached egg. The noodles were also very thin and some were super sticky- so much so that it was hard to eat. My friend really enjoyed his pad kee mao. Overall, I like the vibe and the skewers were good so I'm willing to try it again for other options. If I come back I want to try the beef pho (which is Michelin recommended) or another dish.
#REVIEW#As soon as you walk in, you feel as if you are in a dingy club, with Snoop Dogg blasting from the speakers. As you enter the dining area, you're greeted with beautiful Chinese lanterns across the ceiling, in a dark atmosphere. The Snoop Dogg music carries you in as you sit down at the table. The staff is very friendly and quickly brings you your food once you order. We started with sharing the chicken pho, asking for two small bowls to split it in to share. The broth was quite possibly one of the best broths I've had when it comes to pho. The rest of the ingredients (noodles, chicken, and vegetables) were a little above average. Overall, B+ chicken pho.For the main dish, I ordered the spicy eggplant tofu with a side of soy sauce. The portions were relatively small compared to the giant pho bowl for the first course. The tofu and eggplant were cooked very well, with a side of white rice to compliment the dish. The combo ended up being spicier than I had hoped for, but I still enjoyed it overall. A- for the tofu dish. Overall, I would come back here for the food, but not for the atmosphere. I had a hard time separately the club-like atmosphere for the high quality food that was offered. I recommend that they turn down the music a little and change the playlists.
#REVIEW#My friends and I came here on a Saturday night and I say it was PACKED. We saw 4 seats near the door at the bar table so we just slid in. I am not a big fan of eating by the bar table but if the other alternative was to wait an hour, I was willing to eat at the bar table. The service was very prompt - gave us our menus, took our orders and served us the food.I had the Grilled Pork and Shrimp Bun. I have to say it was pretty good- I wish there was more sauce to mix with but it was a very tasty meal nevertheless. A downside is that the entrance area was really crowded because there were so many people waiting for a table. As well, the interior looked really cool but I couldn't really go in because all the tables inside were full and we only walked in and just ate near the door. I would highly recommend people to please RESERVE a table.
#REVIEW#Wouldn't go back. I had the fresh spring rolls which were rolled poorly and didn't have the right ingredients in them. The peanut sauce that went along with the dish tasted as if it came from a can. Also, the rolls ere not tight so once you took a bite, the ingredients fell out. As for drinks, my friend ordered 2 cocktails which were soo bad that he needed up not finishing the first, ordering a 2nd and then having the waiter take it back for a new one. Over all, the 3 drinks didn't taste good. My Thai tea was also not good, which was shocking. It was almost as if they added too much creamer to it because there was no flavor. Onto the food. I ordered a typical Pad Thai with shrimp. The way the food was cook made the noodles stick together and very very dry. The shrimp were chewy and not flavorful. The food was impressively bland. My friend had the eggplant and tofu dish and he couldn't finish it because it tasted sour... as in the eggplant was past it's prime. I would say the restaurant was good for the scenery but if you want Thai food, don't come here. They also added a ton of Pho to the menu and other traditional Vietnamese food that look like it could be good but it seems like they don't understand how to make 1 good dish.
