#NAME#Cafe Habana
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-habana-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban,mexican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#We ordered the grilled corn and the sweet plantains to share. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and my sister ordered the roast pork entree. The grilled corn was DELICIOUS!!! If you come here, definitely get the corn!!! The sweet plantains were also pretty good! I really liked the Cuban sandwich. The bread was toasted perfectly, and the sandwich was pretty big! It also comes with a side of fries. The roast pork entree comes with beans and rice, and it tasted pretty good as well! The restaurant itself is pretty small, so seating can get cramped if you come at a peak time, but I would say it's worth it because the food was great! There's also a to-go version next door if you don't want to sit down!
#REVIEW#Visited from CA with the wife and case here for dinner. Looked packed, but we got in after only a 15min wait. Waitresses were very friendly and attentive.Drinks came quickly and so did the food. We ordered shrimp tacos and the roasted pork plate. Wife said the tacos were good and my roasted pork was good too. Nothing blew our minds but it was a solid meal. Came here for coffee the next morning and had a super average experience. Just ordinary coffee and espresso...nothing authentically Cuban about it...or at least not what you'll find in Miami if you go to a reputable place there.Would return, give it a try!
#REVIEW#My friend wanted food here since she always came and I was not disappointed. While waiting for her, the wait staff was patient. They never rushed us even though we had not ordered a thing while waiting for our friend. Before my friend arrived, we ordered food which included the fries, corn, steak salad, shrimp tacos and huevos rancheros with the skirt steak. Overall, everything here was pretty good! I have no complaints. Also, their bathroom is kind of small but it was clean.
#REVIEW#When I looked at the menu, I was like: '$9 for corn?!?!?!'.... Worth. Every. Penny. Man I really had no idea! I've been eating corn wrong all my life!This place is small. And I mean, good luck comfortably sitting down without bumping your neighbors small. Like, if you're a size four, good luck squeezing into the table without moving the table back a smidge... You get it.Besides that cramped-ness, they're still worth it. Get the elote and Cuban sandwich to split. That's all you really need in your life. Then go next door for a slice of pepperoni pizza at Prince Street Pizza for dessert.Thank me later.
#REVIEW#This was my favorite go to place and I've been here since 2013. Whenever I was in the area, always I tried go to this place for eat but I was disappointed at this time. I ordered 3 Of grilled corn and there's not busy at the time but we waited over 15mins and our corns weren't hot. Some of side was cold or just warm.If we're there for eat our corn, I will return our corn to them. We were walked away and eating on the street. I did like this place so much and never got any of disappointed even if I ordered corn for to-go. I would go back and try again.
#REVIEW#I came here for dinner on a Sunday night and was sooo happy :') We ordered the grilled Mexican corn (elote) - o m f g. SO GOOD. I generally hate eating corn on the cob because it's so messy, but I'D DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN. *_* still thinking about it. the cheese, mayo, chili powder..... noms. Enchiladas de norteno - the steak and rice were sooo good. If I ever come back, I'd try the cubano sandwich seeing that it's the most popular item on the menu.TIP - get the grilled corn! you won't regret it I promise :')
#REVIEW#Fate led me to Cafe Habana.......jk, the long line for Prince St. Pizza did. I decided to try Cafe Habana as it was highly reviewed and rated on Yelp. This restaurant is somewhat small but it really created a local mom and pop vibe. I sat on one of the counter seats and got a full view of the cooking action. I went on Yelp and knew I was going to order the Cuban Sandwich and the Mexican Corn. I decided to put in the order for the Cuban sandwich first and order the Mexican Corn later. Cuban Sandwich - Super oily, expected, but the meat was somewhat dry and bland. It got a bit unbearable after reaching to half of the second portion. If you're looking to fill your stomach, definitely order this, but if you're looking to remember something good that you tasted, I'll probably stick with something else. Bigger bummer was that I was way too full to eat/try the Mexican Corn. Sigh...... I definitely will come back for the Mexican Corn as it seem super delicious.
#REVIEW#The normal restaurant has a long wait on a Saturday night, but they also have a cafe on the side. We ate there instead since there was no wait.The Cuban sandwich was decent, but the meat was too dry and not flavorful enough. Needed to add hot sauce for an extra umph. The Mexican corn was really good and definitely worth it. Make sure to squeeze some lime juice otherwise it's a bit heavy. Order at the front and bus your own plates.
#REVIEW#This place was average but the prices were steep, so 2.5 stars. I've been eating here for over 10 years but not loving it so much anymore.I went 4 months ago and the Baja Fish tacos were just ok. So I figure whatever, maybe it was an off night. Then I went again a few days ago. First off I used to absolutely love the frozen margarita with guava or mango which is now $14.50!!! That's insane! They used to be like $10 or $12. I ordered the passion fruit frozen margarita because it was a bargain at $13, ha! It was the most sour drink I have ever had? It tasted like sour patch kids and was barely drinkable, gross! We discussed complaining and getting new drinks because these were so bad, but decided we didnt wanna cause a whole thing. I've prob drank about 50 margaritas here in the past past and never once until now did I wanna return my drink. Then the corn came, it was delicious but price has gone up. Next the fish tacos which were just as bland as the last time I had them. The Cuban was insanely soggy and lukewarm. A large chunk of bread was just mush on the bottom and I could barely pick it up off the plate to eat it because it was disintegrating. I am pretty sure there was no mustard on it cause it was a little bland and barely any pickles. This location is also really cramped, which for a cheap hole in the wall I'm fine with, but considering how pricy this place is, it's kinda not cool. I went to the outpost last summer and that was still good. I'll give that location another shot.
#REVIEW#Came here with a deep craving for Hispanic food since my gals and I were reminiscent of our past Miami trip. After some research on Yelp to see what was poppin' around the city area we were in, we came across this place with over 3k reviews.We struggled to find this place at first, initially being led to the small take-out place of the same branch, but around the corner the actual restaurant was here. In terms of spacing, it's a really tight place so I think we were quite lucky to find seating immediately for an early Saturday dinner.With 4 gals, we ordered 2 Cuban sandwiches ($14/ ea), the Pork Roast entree with rice and beans ($15.15), and the Grilled Corn ($9.95). I can confidently say that the sandwiches were hyped up for a good reason; they were big enough to share among 2 people (per order) and the sandwich itself was warm on the inside, but a nice crunchy on the outside (great ASMR btw). The grilled corn was sprinkled with powdered cheese, mayo and chili powder-- mmm it was delicious! As for the pork roast dish, I was a bit disappointed as the meat was very dry and the rice and beans were mediocre. Nice tip though: add the spicy green habanero sauce on everything and IT TASTES A-MAIZE-IN!!!! :DOverall, highly recommend if your around the area because it's definitely worth a try! :)
#REVIEW#Stopped in here a few weeks back and forgot to right my review, sorry about that. So I've know about this place but never got the chance to stop in, but a few Saturdays ago I finally got the opportunity to stop in. So it's your usual Saturday where a majority of the spots in the Nolita are busy but luckily we did not have a long wait for a table of 4. So I of course went with the Cuban sandwich because it's one of their staple dishes along with the Mexican style grilled corn, both were very good the Cuban sandwich is made just right with enough flavor and dare I say it's a pretty big sandwich for the price. The atmosphere is lively, the staff is fun and the music is on point. I can't wait to go back, make sure to check them out when you are in the area.
#REVIEW#Four-star food - nice though not surprising. The meat / shrimp is a bit old. Crunchy but not juicy enough.Cozy little space and pretty busy. Notice the delivery branch and the eat in place, they are just next to each other!
#REVIEW#i always come for the cuban sandwich and the corn. those two items are unbeatable. but also got the fish sandwich today and it was delicious
#REVIEW#Cafe Habana is one of my husband's go-to spots for Cuban food, and it's not hard to see why. The restaurant's Cuban sandwich is frequently touted as 'the best Cuban sandwich in New York'. I'm no Cuban sandwich connoisseur, but it's definitely a good sandwich. We've been here a few times for dinner, or in between lunch and dinner meals. The place is generally buzzing, and serves superb Mexican/Cuban fare. The menu is generally quite meat-heavy. On the last occasion I was here, I counted only a few vegetarian items. The tlacoyo de tres marias is one delectable vegetarian entree, consisting of corn boats stuffed with beans and goat cheese. Because it is always so busy, service can be a bit hit and miss. On one occasion we were here, our waters were not kept filled up.It is tiny inside though, with small tables. Some people may have trouble fitting inside, or even getting all of their food on the table.Overall would recommend for an inexpensive brunch or dinner - however, this is not a place to eat and linger.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and had a great time!Pros:- The Cuban sandwich is so good and a great size (took the other half to go). Really, really messy to eat. - The Mexican corn is also so good. Although there is mayo on it you could barely taste it, which is good. Def going back for the corn - The entire atmosphere is great for catching up with friends (you can still hear each other speak) - Bar seating is also great but the seats are extremely wobbly Cons:- The tables are so tiny but cute?- Bathrooms are so tiny, barely any room to rotate
#REVIEW#Small place but massive on flavor! This mythical joint is a must visit. The portions are huge so sharing is always a great idea. The area is casual so a good time to visit is when you can walk off the meal.I had the go to Cuban sandwich which is supposed to be the number one menu offering and I will say that all first timers should start with it. I can wait to return and try more from the kitchen.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and got a chicken quesadilla and a mexican corn.Ambiance - the environment was similar to a lot of smaller mexican/taco joints like la esquina with simple chairs and tables and relatively small.Chicken Quesadilla - good, tortilla was pretty crispy, chicken and cheese was great. It came with this incredible sour cream too which unlike normal sour cream was much less viscous. Quite great!Mexican Corn - also great! Charred / grilled parts, mayo with cheese on top, and then cayenne pepper was on the corn. Quite good and highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Alright, nothing special. Had 3 different dishes and wasn't blown away by any of it. Atmosphere and staff are cute.
#REVIEW#They cook their rice and meat very well.I love the corn here!It's a very homey style Cuban joint.It's a bit on the pricey side, but I think you're paying for how popular it got.
#REVIEW#Cafe Habana is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! Although the place is relatively tiny and squished, the food easily makes up for it. While they're mainly known for their Cuban sandwich.. the main star of the event is DEFINITELY the street corn. I really can't recommend ordering the corn - it is to die for.I came to Cafe Habana upon a friend's recommendation and I'm so glad I came! Virtually everything on the menu is great and you really can't go wrong with anything. The service/ambience is also pretty standard - no complaints!
