#NAME#Eleven Madison Park
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/eleven-madison-park-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,french,cocktailbars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#With the best fiancé in the world...she brought me here for my 31st birthday and I can't say enough about my experience. Later finding out it's been rated one of the best restaurants in the world, I'm glad I experienced my meal here unknowingly so I could approach this experience with no expectations. I haven't really experienced much fine dining, or have been to too many Michelin star restaurants but compared to the ones I've had, this was probably in the top 3 amongst dining experience, service, timing and of course the food.  Very unique tasting menu and sufficient staff. Couldn't have asked for a perfect dining experience and birthday gift, shout out to the best TT!
#REVIEW#Went to dinner at Eleven Madison Park on Saturday evening. An experience I was excited to be a part of, but one that did not live up to its billing. The exorbitant price tag does not leave any room for flaws, and unfortunately it was far from perfection.Quality: Eleven Madison Park has been bestowed with about every honor a restaurant can achieve, including reaching the pinnacle as #1 on the S. Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurants in 2017. And while there is no doubt the meal I had was innovative and tasty, it did not come close to my lofty expectations. No dish left the impression that I would never eat something this delicious again. And while every course is beautifully conceived and plated perfectly, I just did not come away amazed. The Smoked-Sturgeon Cheesecake With Caviar is the star of the show, with the Seared Foie Gras, Spring Lamb, and the Duck as excellent dishes as well. But there were uneven bumps with the Crab, Snails, and Lobster. And without a truly transcendent dish or a flawless mix, it is difficult to rave too highly of the quality.Quantity: Without the generous Wine Pairing, I think I would have left still hungry. The tasting has a good number of dishes, but nothing particularly substantial.Value: $335 for the Dining Room Tasting Menu. $175 for the Wine Pairing.Ambiance: Eleven Madison Park is located in the Flatiron District of Manhattan, across the street from Madison Square Park. It is found in the art deco Metropolitan Life North Building. Walking in feels a bit like walking into a bank, which is appropriate for the money you will be depositing. During the daylight it is not the most appealing looking space, but as it grows darker outside and the lights start to glow inside it becomes a bit more magical. Everything is perfectly in place, and a waiter will rush over the moment something changes. And while I only walked through the bar area, it was the design here that really was more awe-inspiring.Crowd: If you are planning a visit, make sure you are sitting at your computer when the reservations first come online. This is a sold out experience every night of the week. Though I think you may want to consider the bar tasting for a more affordable option to experience Eleven Madison Park.Service: Over the course of the meal you interact with a lot of staff. And while some were absolutely fantastic others were less so. I was amazed by the hostess and the sommeliers, but the waiters were very inconsistent. Some were incredible at describing the dishes and their inspiration, others barely said a word. Sitting between two other tables, I felt I heard three different descriptions of each dish and they varied wildly, which just seemed wrong.Parking: No easily identifiable parking. Car service or subway seemed to be the options.
#REVIEW#I can't say enough about our experience at EMP. First off I am not a "fine diner" so I was a little nervous about feeling out of place at the worlds #1 restaurant. The staff could not have made me feel more comfortable and at "home". The reason for my visit was to surprise my girlfriend with a proposal (she said yes btw). The whole process was super personal, generous and thoughtful. Big thanks to Jennifer and Annelisa for going ABOVE AND BEYOND in helping me plan and execute a perfect surprise!
#REVIEW#4.5 stars but decided to round up.After hearing it was the number 1 restaurant in the world back in 2017, getting 3 Michelin stars and seeing the Netflix episode of 7 Days Out, my husband and I decided to bite the bullet and go to Eleven Madison before we leave New York for goodRESERVATIONS: You can make reservations on Tock (online reservation website).  They open reservations at 9AM (Eastern Time) on the first of every month for the following month. So if you want to make reservations in April, you should make them on the Feb 1.  I would suggest making a Tock profile ahead of time, setting an alarm and doing it right away. You do have to pay for the meal upfront so have your credit card information saved and at least 2 back up dates in case yours is not available.  Otherwise, when I checked back around 9:15 to see what else was available there were still spots left so it's not horrible.ATMOSPHERE: We got the bar menu, which I'll describe below but that means you sit at the bar area instead of the main dining room.  It's not as nice because it's darker and not as airy but it's still a nice area.  You get an actual table with chairs instead of a bar stool or a low bar table with chairs.  Those are for walk ins, but for reservations you are pretty much dining as if you are in a regular restaurant.  The atmosphere is semi-formal, clean, modern etc.  It doesn't have a super trendy vibe but not stuffy or old either.BAR MENU - because we weren't willing to drop $300+ for a dinner per person we opted for the bar menu and I think it was a great decision.  It comes out to about $175/person and this includes tax and tip! It's 5 courses plus you also get unlimited bread, a special second treat at the end and a take home item.  Their menu changes seasonally so I won't go into specifics but you basically get to choose 3 of the 5 courses and then the other courses are set.  When you choose, they give you 3 or so options to choose from.  Order of food:1. Caviar2. Fois Gras, Crab or Asparagus option3. Lobster4. Duck, Lamb or Veggie option5. Lemon or Chocolate dessertMy favorites were the lobster and my lamb.  The food is really good.  It's kind of your typical fancy, new-american food but usually each one has a twist or unique presentation about it.  It's not going to be like Alinea, but for example, the Caviar was served in these tins and had little English muffins and it was their take on a caviar eggs Benedict.  Everything had good flavor but I will say it didn't blow me out of the water.  The courses go by quickly so we finished everything in about 1 hr and 45 minutes.  They don't rush you but the portions aren't huge so you finish them pretty quickly and they don't make you wait around for the next course like some restaurants.  It didn't feel drawn out.SPOILERS - you do get a special "dessert pretzel" at the end one for each person and they also give you a jar of granola per person to take home including a personalized menu with the date and what you ordered as well as a little saying if you're celebrating something.KITCHEN TOUR - about a week beforehand, someone will email you asking if you are celebrating anything special (might as well tell them you are to get extra special treatment) and if they can do anything for your stay.  Request a kitchen tour in that email and also remind the waiter when you come in because they put in the request as well.  It's not guaranteed but they say if there is space and availability they'll give it to you.  For us, it was the highlight of the meal because you get to see behind the scenes and someone personally escorts and shows you the kitchen.  They also take plenty of pictures of you inside the kitchen.SPOILERS - you also get to play a little game where we sipped on 3 sodas and tried to guess which spices were in the sodas.  It might change per person but it was really fun and a nice interactive way to end the night.SERVICE - I don't normally talk about the service but this was one to be mentioned and why Eleven Madison is also 5 stars.  Their servers, wait staff, hostesses, etc. are all very attentive and basically know what you need or want before you even say or ask.  They are mindful of how they place things on the table, how they serve your food, how they describe your food, folding your napkin, pulling out your chair etc.  I felt very cared for although they weren't overbearing and knew how to be in the background and not interrupt our dinner.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable AND...they asked to refill our bread twice without us even asking!Overall, Eleven Madison is an investment but for the bar menu price, it's worth it because you feel full and satisfied and get most of the same perks except you eat less and don't dine in the main dining room.  The person who showed us the kitchen even said the courses/food is pretty much the same just with a few added extras (for example, more things served table side etc.).
#REVIEW#I've been wanting to go to Eleven Madison Park for a very long time, and my interest was elevated when they topped the Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurant List in 2017. Now that my time on the east coast is coming to an end and I'm moving back to California, I figured what better way to celebrate my time here than visit EMP!I came here with 3 other diners and our overall impression was that while the food was good, it unfortunately did not live up to the high expectations. Overall, I enjoyed the beginning of the tasting menu more than the end. My favorites included the morel custard, steelhead trout, and the duck, and the caviar cheesecake was definitely the most interesting/creative. Underwhelming dishes included the lobster and chocolate dessert, and everything else fell in between. The spacing of the courses was excellent at the beginning, but then began to drag on near the end of the evening. Service was professional, friendly, and knowledgable, as expected of a restaurant of this caliber. The interior was not my favorite - the cavernous ceilings and dim lighting made for a weird clash between grandeur and coziness. Overall, I think had I entered the experience with lower expectations, I would have enjoyed the food more. However, 3 michelin stars + #1 restaurant in the world in 2017 made for extremely high expectations, which were unfortunately not met. Glad I gave EMP a try, but don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
#REVIEW#Most expensive/high class restaurant i've been to! The food was an 11 course meal so it was quite fulfilling.The service was exceptional and meticulous and so attentive. Every time we finished a course, they would come after an acceptable time to rotate the silverware and clean off the tablecloth for the next dish.The food itself was good, but nothing exceptional. I loved the playing of the food and the running theme of wooden and simple presentation.As for my favorite dishes, was definitely the appetizer with cream cheese. However, the rest of the courses were all quite heavy and hard to finish, especially the cheese dish. The halibut was great, the fish was so light and soaked up the sauce flavor. I loved the roasted duck, it was very fatty and had a bit of crunch on it. However, the rest of the courses focused one dimensional flavors that were heavily savory or acidic. The desserts were also very heavy aswell, i enjoyed the chocolate however it was very subpar.Overall, an amazing experience and the food was always a presentation
#REVIEW#This is one of the top restaurants in the world. It's a four star Michelin restaurant and while I enjoyed the experience, I found it too upscale to fully enjoy. We booked a month before heading to the city, and so we were only able to get a 10pm reservation. That was a really late dinner, but since we were coming from West Coast time it was fine.We did the chef's tasting and the service was amazing. They welcomed us at the door and knew our names and greeted us immediately. While it was amazing, you knew you had to be very proper as it was a fine dining establishment. The food was very much prepared and presented in a delicate and artistic way. Delicious but with all fine dining, portions were quite small so it was more for sampling than fully indulging into each dish. Book way in advance!
#REVIEW#EMP deserves to be on every foodie's bucket list.  Definitely a special occasion restaurant where you will pay top dollar to be blown away.  Service is outstanding.  Attention to detail is unmatched.  And though it is expensive and Michelin starred, does not feel overly stuffy.Definitely make reservations far in advanced if you want dinner service.  The bar area serves some small bites and reservations are much easier to make here.  Great if you do not want the full tasting experience and just want to try a few dishes.
#REVIEW#Seriously was like 3 hour meal and at the end I needed to be rolled out of the restaurant. Many dishes were great! I loved the mushroom and potato dishes the most! The potato was light and great for starter dish. The mushroom was crispy on the ends from roasting. The earthy taste of everything mushroom was amazing. The donut dessert was the best. You seriously get full. I opted for collaborative cocktail and I loved my drink. Tasted like the old fashion popsicle.They were quite attentive and always slide the table when I had to get up. Requested for the kitchen tour it was awesome! Got to see all the people working and had fun sodas to taste. Definitely a place to try at least once if you're in the area. RSVP early though! Tips included in the reservation online. Came here for my fiancé's bday and they even made him a card! They give you a gift to take home at the end (for everyone, home made granola).
#REVIEW#This has been on my restaurant dream / bucket list for some time.  The meal was good but left me wanting something more.  It is hard to put a finger on it, but we didn't find the food to be as good as at world class peers (other Michelin two or three stars), the service was competent but didn't feel as special as at some others.  There were awkwardly long waits at the start of the meal, and I felt the wine pairing was a bit skimpy.Some nice touches like a trip to the kitchen and tasting game, along with a very cute keepsake photo.  All the food was good, but felt out of step.  We dined the first week of spring and almost every dish featured mushrooms - a very fall and winter ingredient heavy menu (even "winter squash"). It didn't seem to reflect the bright spring day I would expect at a top restaurant with a seasonal menu.I'm glad I went, but may have enjoyed the Netflix version ("7 Days Out") more.
#REVIEW#I'm at a loss for words, and feel as though words wouldn't do this meal any justice anyway. From being met at the front door by the hosts who took my luggage and comforted my anxiety because I had a boatload of stuff, to being escorted to the restroom, my experience was impeccable. I arrived right at noon which was just in time to hear the staff say their daily "Oui!" during preshift. Needless to say it gave me the chills. The tables are moved and swiveled around every time you sit down and get up, and your napkin is replaced with a new one. There's never a crumb on the table, and my water  glass was never empty. I was greeted with a glass of champagne, and I feel as though whenever this happens unexpectedly at a restaurant you feel extra special. Each dish was explained and presented so beautifully and cleared just as elegantly once you're through. I had the extreme pleasure of going back to the kitchen and seeing where the magic happens--It's so neat and quiet you could hear a pin drop. The chef introduced himself and I thanked him over and over for having me and treating me like royalty. Everything tasted just how it looked, amazing. As a send off, the mignardise you're given is container filled with granola along with the menu of everything you ate. I feel so lucky to have been able to experience the #4 restaurant in the world, and I implore you to not pass it up if you're ever in New York City.
#REVIEW#One of my friends who has worked as a cook at Michelin restaurants on two continents warned me that I would be disappointed, and he was right. At this point in my life I am really looking for a wow factor, something unexpected in taste or presentation at this price point. EMP serves European food mostly in a classic style with unique and high quality ingredients. All of the dishes were expertly made, but none tasted different than I would imagine to the point that I though anyone with enough time could find similar ingredients and execute close enough. My cousin asked me which was my favorite dish and it was the first, dosa,  which was simply black truffle in like a thin eggroll batter and fried. I also enjoyed the caviar and souffle dish even though I have definitely had better caviar.Fantastic service. Wish they comped coffee and tea like Alinea. Bathrooms seemed minimalistic for a 3 star...
#REVIEW#This place was wonderful, don't get me wrong -- however, I don't understand why it's rated #4 in the world. I've had many dinners at better restaurant. I just expect more out of a restaurant that's supposed to be "the best".Everything was cooked wonderfully and the presentation was top notch. The service was wonderful too. I found it really funny how when the wait staff comes around to clear plates, they do it almost synchronized at each table- collecting plates at the same time, with the same motion. There are a lot of table side preparations. They were really fun and unique. My favorite was definitely the old fashioned way of opening a bottle of port. The woman heated up the neck of the bottle and then broke it off by brushing cold water on it. The broken part of the bottle was sealed with the restaurant's symbols and was packaged up in a cute box to take home as a souvenir. Oh yes, they have phenomenal mocktails here too :)The food is great. I'm not going to do a run down of all the food I ate but, the memorable ones were the black truffle dosa and the duck. The duck was cooked the perfection and the skin was so crispy and crackly. I loved it!!I'd recommend this place if you're curious however, please don't go into this restaurant expecting the best meal you'll ever eat (you may be disappointed).
#REVIEW#The food here is spectacular! Probably some of the best food I have ever had, the flavors of the dishes are very well thought out and all come together so beautifully.Of the dishes I had, I particularly like the dosa, which came with a hearty truffle broth and tasted amazing with the cheese dip and the fruit purée.I also really liked the caviar potato soufflé. It was amazing heartwarming with rich comforting flavors but with a touch of sophistication and care. The saltiness of the caviar went beautifully with the potato texture of the soufflé.The lobster was delicious as well, and the table side mushrooms were nicely done.I also enjoyed the foi gras, which I got not seared and with pumpkin seeds on top. The texture was beautiful and the flavor quite exquisite.I was actually least impressed with the duck, which is supposed to be the famous dish. It tasted fine but it wasn't really a duck texture. It kind of tasted just like a steak, but wasn't as good as one, which kind of left something more to be desired.The drinks were amazing as well! I enjoyed the Apple, Pear and one of the clarified milk whiskey ones quite a bit. Overall some of the best food I have ever had!
#REVIEW#Eleven Madison is literally on everyone's list, be it a professional recommendation or yelp bookmarks. To make my virgin visit special, I decided to go big or go home. THIS IS A PRIVATE DINING REVIEW.Pre Event: I started out by contacting them via email. The coordinator Maggie was professional and very detailed. I scheduled a visit with her a week before my event and she showed me around the rooms before I put down a deposit. As expected from a respectable restaurant, you sign a contract electronically when you put down the deposit, and then they send you additional forms to complete for the details of your party. They cover everything from decor to menu. They will follow up with you for confirmation.Event: Sufficient staff was ready when the event began. They helped put up some balloons that we had, and offered space and hangers for bags, coats and other items that you may have. Professional and polite, all waiters and staff was patient and thorough. We had lunch there and we stayed for more time after dessert. They had one waiter in the room with us the whole time so we are definitely taken care of. Post Event: I received a follow up and thank you email the day after my event and I really felt like they took care of me.It was easy, no-stress, no-surprise to plan and arrange with them. If you are looking for a space for a special occasion, I highly recommend Eleven Madison!
#REVIEW#Alright alright alrighttt (Matthew Mcconaughey voice)... this place is exactly what is advertised. Luxurious. Expensive. Decadent. Unforgettable.If you look at the photos I've posted, you can see captions for each dish. This includes the most GLORIOUS first dish-- we began with a clam soufflé with caviar. It was probably the best 4 bites that I've had in the last 5 years. Next, my date and I were presented with 5 more dishes for a total of 6. This included proteins of duck and veal, crustaceans such as lobster and clams, and the most succulent vegetables such as bitter greens.Eleven Madison Park is unmatched. The service is exquisite, the atmosphere is calming, and they really do make it all about the food. What an elegant refined menu. Thank you for making me swoon over and over and over again!
#REVIEW#It's hard for a restaurant as hyped up as EMP to live up to expectations, but as an overall dining experience, Eleven Madison Park definitely deserves its accolades. The food was great, but where EMP really shines is in its service. The 3-hour prix-fixe dinner was like a live performance and everyone in FOH played their part perfectly. My water never dipped below halfway, my empty plates were immediately cleared, and each of my courses were eloquently explained by our waiter.My favorite courses were:- truffle crepes with truffle tea (tasted like a Chinese herbal/shiitake soup)- halibut with shiitake broth (just well-cooked fish)- duck (the crust/skin was insanely crunchy and the meat was perfectly cooked, a must-try)- cheese course (pine-smoked tableside melted cheese poured over a brioche bread pudding, somehow tasted like a Big Mac)Are my taste buds just as happy eating a $5 meal? YES. However, you're not paying for just the food, you're paying to participate in the ultimate dining performance.
#REVIEW#This has been voted among the best restaurants in the world, has earned James Beard awards and 3 Michelin Stars.Reservations:  They use TOCK online reservations system - pre-paid dinner with variable pricing depending on peak periods.  Usually, they open reservation slots for the next month's reservations on the first day of the preceding month, and the prime appointments go quickly (there is a great podcast with the creator of the system, Nick Kokkonis that's worth hearing - Tim Ferriss podcasts)Setting was sublime:  Watch the Netflix "7- Days" episode before you dine here!  The gold leaf in the bar area (that barely got completed before reopening) is splendid.The tasting menu tonight:Black Truffle Tea DOSA (with black truffle and Parmesan) Potato (salad with black truffle)Caviar - souffle with clam, leek and potatoFoie Gras - seared with beet and horseradishLobster tail - butter-poached with a celery rot an apple tart.  Perfectly cooked, but more refined and silky compared to the usual Maine Lobster Golden oyster mushroom - roasted with pine and corianderDuck - honey and lavender glazed with napa cabbage and pear Leeks - with cheddar and parsleyWinter Squash - with brown butter and thymeHarbison - washed rind cheese fondue with mustard and pearApple - donut with cinnamon ice creamChocolate covered pretzelService was fantastic: polite and attentive and non-intrusive.  The wine selection was outstanding.  Absolutely NO tipping, even the coat check hostess.  Trivia:  when someone leaves the table for a bathroom rest, some top-shelf restaurants call them "risers:" they throw away the food they were preparing, prepare something else to keep you entertained while they start over on the dish to serve at the correct temperature. The wait staff was happy to provide a kitchen tour. They prepare a nice egg creme soda!  It was immaculate, quiet and efficient. No screaming or yelling. This was a splurge experience that was outstanding.
#REVIEW#Major disappointment. Went there for 60th  birthday with my wife. Started out great with a friendly greeting and we were immediately seated. Offered menu and wine and drink list. We chose a bottle of wine and ordered 2 cocktails. We were finished with our first course before either the cocktails or the wine were brought to our table.  A service mistake that could be overlooked at most places but this restaurant is currently #3 in the world and will probably soon be #1 again. The food was very inconsistent with some fantastic dishes like the sturgeon tart with caviar and some were just odd like the snails in steamed greens with a lettuce sauce. This was bitter and chewy. One of the best parts of our meal was the delicious granola which we were driven as we left the restaurant. I love good food and I'm willing to pay for it but I expected more from the likes of Eleven Madison Avenue.
#REVIEW#I came here to celebrate our anniversary, and if you had to have one takeaway from my experience... having been to Per Se just a few months ago, Per Se was a much more lux experience (with a price tag to match, unfortunately.) Eleven Madison Park feels a bit like Per Se's rebellious younger sibling - where Per Se is constrained, highbrow, and perhaps a bit pretentious for some, Eleven Madison Park has a touch of whimsy and fun. To explicate: there were these brightly colored blue and black wooden boxes on our table. The server soon explained to us that it was a partnership with an artist, to encourage us to put our phones in the box so we can dine technology-free. Our servers also had more of an amicable and casual affect than at EMP.Anyhow, we ordered the tasting menu with the cheaper wine pairing. For the fish, meat, and dessert courses, you were given a choice between two different options. This unfortunately led to a server mistakenly swapping our dishes. Now, it really isn't a big deal, but EMP *is* supposed to be a three Michelin star restaurant with the highest attention to detail... and that server never darkened our table after that big faux pas. I also thought the wine pairing was a little less memorable overall than what I had at Per Se, although there was a beer served with the cheese course, which, again, is apropos with that slight irreverence that I think EMP is trying to evoke.One of my favorite dishes was the mushroom course. They brought out a fresh-hewn boulder of mushroom to demonstrate how much it cooks down. The mushroom was exquisite. It was savory and umami and there was extra-crisp outsides and some extra-meaty and fleshy insides. I also really enjoyed the lobster (for which the halibut was an alternative) - it was cooked to perfection, just the right amount of doneness.I think where EMP is outshined by Per Se is in the little accoutrements, if you will. The little amuse bouches, while creative in concept (truffle-filled dosas with broth tea, etc.) just didn't taste great. It was soggy and not as crisp as I had hoped. The bread basket offered by EMP was just... one bread. It was good, but it wasn't remarkable. As were the desserts - Per Se gives you a whole bevy of desserts with not one but two take home petit fours, while EMP just had the one main dessert entree with a peanut butter chocolate candy and some granola to take home. All of it was delicious, of course, but just not quite as... upscale? Also, nothing quite beats the spectacular view at Central Park that Per Se has.All in all, I'm starting to think that there's no way to get a good deal when you're dining at the Michelin three-starred level; it seems like you truly get what you paid for.
