#NAME#Rizzo's Fine Pizza
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/rizzos-fine-pizza-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,wine_bars,beerbar#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I really like this place. The pizza and the ingredients are top quality. Pizza crispy and delicious sauce. I came here the first time after a bad long day to have a bite and a glass of wine. I left feeling great and that a lot to say for a place. After that I've being coming  every time I'm around. I love the restaurant area and the bar.  My favorites things are Diavola pizzaAny knot Caesar salad ( comes with knots instead of croutons) And all that with a glass of wine.The staff is really friendly.
#REVIEW#Came in around 2pm Sunday cuz to tbh, every other brunch spot had huge waits. But I had this place bookmarked for awhile so I'm so happy I tried it!Was immediately seated and staff was very friendly with ice cold water served right away. The pizza .... is BOMB. Like this shit is good. We got the square aumma aumma and the circle Carnosa. Both very dope, very thin, and the crust was good too. Perfect amount of sauce cheese and protein. Would recommend!
#REVIEW#Came here on a sunny Sunday afternoon.The inside of this place is small and narrow. A small bar at the entrance and a few tables in the back. Was greeted and seated upon entering. Besides my friend and I, there was a big family eating there which looked like your stereotypical movie Italian family eating.It didnt hit me until now but kudos to the one girl running the place and taking orders alone.She was friendly and attentive. Filled our waters when low. She told me that the size of the personal pizzas are equivalent to 2 large ny slices. She was right.What was ordered:Carnosa signature pie - very flavorful! I really enjoyed every bite as it was the best tasting pizza I've had in awhile. I do really enjoy the thin slice and it's crunchiness.Aumma aumma signature pie - it wasnt bad, I'd prefer some sort of meat on my pizzas but no complaints on its taste.Enjoyed my time here and would recommend as service and food were good. I'd also say price isnt bad, I'll pay for good tasting food.
#REVIEW#Stumbled upon this place while waiting for our table at Clinton Street Baking Company - AMAZING pizza. I just got one slice to push off my hunger but I ended up coming back after my brunch to take two slices to go home! Seriously a great find. The slices are super thin and packed with flavor. And they have very unique flavors. Definitely recommend!They have a proper sit down restaurant next to the by the slice shop. I will definitely be back for dinner to give that a try!
#REVIEW#Came here based on the reviews and was really excited for it, only to be disappointed. Service was great -- the servers were prompt, friendly, and gave great recommendations. The loaded garlic knots were great, so definitely get those. We tried the Margherita pizza as well as the Aumma Aumma, and I found both to be a little lacking in flavor. The Aumma Aumma had too much ricotta cheese in some portions so it felt too dense and flavorless, like biting into a block of cream cheese. I don't know if it was an off day or not, but it also felt like both crusts were too cracker like -- thin, crispy, and dry. I may like thin crusts, but these may have taken it a little too far.
#REVIEW#This is some top quality pizza, with excellent friendly service and a welcoming atmosphere. Have been here a few times and have yet to be disappointed. The pizza is always cooked to perfection with a delicious crispy crust. Whenever I have visitors, this will be my go to pizza shop to show them what real NY pizza tastes like.Quality, Consistency, Taste, and Excellent Service 10 out of 10 reccomend
#REVIEW#We held our engagement party at Parkside Lounge around the corner and had Rizzo's supply the pizza. Best. Idea. Ever. Their classic round cheese pizzas were a tremendous hit, arriving quickly, hot, fresh, and delicious. Everyone was delighted, locals were thrilled we chose Rizzo's and out of towners were mesmerized. We ran out so fast, and were so appreciative of how quickly they sent our second order over! We can't thank you guys enough for helping make our party such a hit, and the garlic knots were a wonderful surprise. Thank you!Note: their gluten free pie is great too!
#REVIEW#Server/bartender was very friendly and helpful. We shared the arugula salad to start and it was light and flavorful. She even threw in two of their famous garlic knots -- which were buttery and garlicky and delicious. We both has the personal round pizzas (traditional super thin cracker-like crust) which seemed huge but there were no leftovers. Cute little place with great food and service.
#REVIEW#I showed up on a Tuesday at around 5 PM. It was during a big flurry so the warm and relaxing interior was a welcome respite from the cold! The pizza was excellent-- Hearty, salty cheese and delicious crust with a perfect thin crispy flavor. The guy working the bar (Bugsy) was super friendly and gave amazing service! Very funny. Ordered a homemade cannoli on his recommendation, will likely be coming back.
#REVIEW#Unreal Super Thin & Crispy Pizza!This pizza shop located on in LES is a great spot to go to right before a night out or delivery.I got two pizzas delivered hot and very fast. The Rizzo Classic Square was saucy with fresh mozzarella the bread of the pizza is newspaper thin and crispy, I think I could have eaten an entire pie myself. This was unlike any pie I have had before and is something you have to try. I also got the Francesco round pie that had grilled chicken tomato olive basil and pesto this was more filling but also super thin and crispy this is perfect for any pesto lover and surprisingly not to heavy. The Francesco I would deff get again.In short:- Delicious Super Thin Crispy Pizza- Quick Delivery- Not very filling which is perfect before a night out
#REVIEW#longtime oasis of PIZZA flourishing on Clinton St. aaaaand the last time i randomly stopped here--i met Jon Favreau and got to chat with him aka heaping praise on him for the first Iron Man flick!Rizzo's has been slinging pizza excellence for a longtime from Astoria to the LES. the LES location has a casual takeout side and a small dining area with a bar on the other side. takeout side is brightly. it has a few seats for folks to eat and go. the other side has softer dimmer lighting and a bar...and naturally has a sit-down experience/feel with a good amount of seating via tables and the bar.i primarily hit the takeout side for grab-n-go slices--quick and easy.food? f'ing great. the pizza is a must whether it be a slice of a round or square pie. the pizza possesses a light crispy crust. the airy baked dough has that crunch but has that soft give from soaking in sauce, herbs, olive oil, and cheese. the cheese forms a melty island of stretchy gooeyness. and the sauce has a light sweetness and a salty herb-y bite. the sauce forms a nice layer of smooth flavor without being either too chunky or dried out.the slices also form a perfect fold, which i love from the eating on the go perspective.plain slices are $2.75+ tax = $3--these are my go-to on the run.specialty slices are $3.75 and above.service is friendly and feels genuinely upbeat whether it's lunchtime or late-night.drops mic cuz i'm stuffing my face with 'ZZAi outzzz
#REVIEW#Solid pizza place.  Restaurant with seating next door to the spot where you can slices or a pie to go.We went with the classic square pie because they told us it was what they're known for.  The sauce is full of flavor and tangy!   Wish there was more cheese on the classic.  The crust is nice and soft, not your typical pizza crust.The price is a little steep for a thin crust square pie.
#REVIEW#The manager/owner of this business is either wildly incompetent or a total extortionist. I booked a large party at this restaurant using Open Table. I know this is a small place so I called the staff twice to confirm that they had the capacity and willingness to handles us, both times I was told they would be happy to have us. Then the manager had me email him more details and also cancel the open table reservation in order to evade paying them their fee. Pretty dishonest, but I went along because I needed a place for my girlfriends birthday. I have informed Open Table of this practice.The party is tonight, Friday March 15. We confirmed this yesterday for good measure.. Then we spoke today and he tried make me guarantee him $50 per head, for PIZZA. Who pays 50 dollars for pizza?? That's insane. Even more insane is that he waited until the day of the event to introduce this new 50 dollar guarantee rule. He offered no compromise, no concession, no compensation. Honestly do not know if this was an attempt at the extortion or just horrifying  incompetence. I mean, who waits until the day of a party to change the terms of an agreement, when they had two weeks to do so.I explained that some people would not be drinking and I think that is when he started to get worried about how much we can spend. My friends have religious obligations that prevent them from drinking, and it is discrimination, for which I business can be sued. There is no way to spend 50 dollars per head at this place without drinking. In short, this place is run by someone who is clearly out of his depths. I am angry and frankly I am screwed. I wonder if they mind that they ruined my girlfriends birthday?
#REVIEW#Was looking for a pizza place that was going to be crazy packed and wondered in here on a Sunday night. The place was decently occupied but we sat ourselves and waited for service. Our waitress came over and explained the menu to us and the different between their round and square pies. First and foremost, she was amazing all night. She was sweet and kind and made sure that we had everything we needed in our time there. We first started with a bottle of wine and then out our orders in. I went with the Spanola square pie and my girlfriend built her own round pie. Let me tell ya, this crust was delicious! The square crust is still what I would consider a think crust but it had this sweetness to it that makes you want to eat it again and again and again! The round crust was paper thin, but durable, and had the perfect crunch to it!  Both pizzas were just delicious. All in all the check came to about $80 before tip. I seriously recommend this place when you are looking for a great pie!
#REVIEW#Really great pizza. Love the sauce. My only two complaints are that there wasn't much cheese on the pie, and the dine-in portion of the restaurant only serves personal pizzas (which are $18, pretty pricey) so you have to go next door to get a large pie. Besides that, I recommend! The crust is crunchy and delicious and like I said, killer sauce.
#REVIEW#It's the best pizza place in the world ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Our friend brought us to her favorite local pizza place and we agree. Crust is perfection. Friendly staff who made our dinner such a great experience .  We want one in San Francisco.
#REVIEW#Holy Deliciousness, Batman! From the ambiance, to the lovely and very attentive staff, to the wine, to the amazing pizza, this is an excellent restaurant. We got the Loaded Knots to start (order these!), a square Aumma Aumma and a round Fantasia. The square pizza is a bit thicker than the round pizza so I prefered the square but both are excellent. This place is dynamite. I'll be back.
#REVIEW#I was too sober while I was eating this. :| like looking out the window lost in my thoughts kind of sober. Like not intoxicated enough to notice that this pizza... was frontin.Quality and taste = 2. +1 bc the cashier was super sweet and nice and also happened to throw in a free slice on the House. See, being nice gets you a long way! At least in the world of yelp, it affords an additional star, lol.  I paid a visit bc I forgot to plan my meal before leaving the house that evening. The food did it's sustenance job and successfully shut my stomach up but I wouldn't make a point to come back or recommend to others.
#REVIEW#I was taken back by the great dishes, very authentic. It's just like homemade and Nancy our server was amazing very down to earth - her recommendations were on point. Definitely worth the 1 1/2 drive from Yonkers! Great job guys
#REVIEW#Perfectly done pizza and outstanding service! Love this neighborhood spot and excited to come back!
