#NAME#Penelope - Opening Soon
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/penelope-opening-soon-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tradamerican,breakfast_brunch,newamerican#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I read about how this place had one of the best Breakfast Sandwiches in a city of a million choices.The Penny Egg Sandwich DID NOT disappoint.  Insanely flavourful and fluffy egg and croissant.Delicious potatoes.  Coffee was awesome and flowing hard.  Sat at the bar because it was so busy.  Will definitely return when I'm in the City...
#REVIEW#I ate here a few times in the first year they opened. Wow, they really had no idea what they were doing back then, but somehow they became an institution.Then a few months ago they decided to put brown paper up over their windows and lock the doors. No note... nothing. Their website is still up, pretending to all the world like they are still open. Everyday, I always see several groups milling about outside trying to figure out what happened and where to eat after they specifically traveled to Penelope. No one knows....It seems with the mandated NYC wage increases they had to close.found this online at ny.eater.com:September 27-- After 15 years in Kips Bay, small neighborhood cafe and wine bar Penelope shuttered. In a letter, the owners referred to the increased burdens being placed on small businesses as reasons for closing the restaurant.and the letter: facebook.com/notes/penel…
#REVIEW#Amazing brunch spot! We called ahead and put ourselves on the wait list on a Saturday morning around 11am and the wait was about 40 minutes- not that bad considering how popular this place is.  The service was excellent. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and our waitress was very friendly. We ordered a variety of brunch items including the egg and bacon croissant, French toast and a BLT. Our waitress must've been able to sense how hungry we were because our dishes were brought out within 10 minutes of ordering. All meal portions were large, the food was fresh and delish! Absolutely no complaints. We will definitely be dining here again on our next trip to NY
#REVIEW#This place was absolutely darling! It was pretty packed when we went in in the middle of the day on a Friday. They serve breakfast until 11 and if you were going on a holiday or weekend I would plan ahead! My food was delicious. I did the breakfast sandwich on the croissant. I was a little disappointed it didn't come with any sides- not that the menu said it would but I just feel like it could've used some potatoes or fruit. I ended up getting their raspberry sour cream coffee cake (not pictured because I devoured it). The service was average, nothing to write home about. Our waiter checked on us and brought us what we needed but wasn't overly friendly or anything. The one thing I was pretty appalled with was the cleanliness of the bathroom. It's an older building but I really felt like it could have used some TLC.Overall I would recommend this place for a small intimate breakfast!
#REVIEW#We came to NYC for the first time and stopped into Penelope after researching breakfast spots close to our Airbnb.  Everything online seemed legit.  Food looked good, menu looked good, reviews weren't bad at all. The space was very small and cozy.  But a little too small as we were elbow to elbow with the people to the left and right of us.  It was hard to get into my seat and squeeze in between tables.  During our meal we could hear everyone's conversations, as they did ours.  The people next to us were very close and they took extreme interest in watching us eat and staring at our plates the entire time. Talk about awkward, lol.  I'm not against cute and cozy places at all.  But, the lack of elbow room during breakfast was definitely a negative. The food was okay.  Nothing special.  Eggs were cold, the bacon was overcooked, the toast was hard.  The ketchup they offer has a weird taste to it so it ruined my potatoes.  The waffles were the best part of the meal.  Nothing stood out in terms of food.  It was definitely overpriced.  Eating average breakfast food for two squished next to people, all for $70. If the food had been out of this world, maybe we would've been ok with it.  Save yourself the money and spend $10 at Starbucks - you'll be happy you did.
#REVIEW#Very disappointed. Came here for lunch and expected a good culinary experience. Let's just say never again.Food:-The truffle tater tots had a large grey piece of dirt inside one of them. The rest had very little potato in them with a thick deep fried layer around. They replaced the item but I felt ill just looking at it. The item was not removed from the bill.-The grilled chicken salad had pieces of undercooked meat. The kale was wilted. -The meatball salad did not taste great. The dressing it came with was sour and the meatballs mushy. I also found a piece of something crunchy in one of them.The experience:-The service was slow.-The bathroom was filthy. -They advertise a deck of cards for feedback but didn't deliverOh and I read hidden reviews- so many of them and all horrible. I should have known better not to come here.
#REVIEW#This place gets enormously busy during brunch. Personally, I don't see why, as the food isn't any better than your average brunch place. That being said, there's certainly nothing bad about it either. The wait was quite bearable when we arrived, partly because one of us had gotten here early and put her name down before the others arrived. We sat closest to the door. Not the most pleasant experience since we were getting a lot of the draft from the door, plus all of the people squeezing by, but when the waits average close to an hour for a table, you can't afford to be choosy.I ordered the poached eggs with salmon. It was quite good, especially the bread. My friend ordered a side of bacon which never arrived. She finally had to ask the server to remove it from the bill. My friend's egg sandwiches were good, although portions seemed a bit small. Prices are pretty reasonable though.
#REVIEW#3.5  Nice cozy place. I came here because they had great reviews and I went through the pictures and loved the way the french toast look and wanted to try them so badly but unfortunately it wasn't on the menu that day so I settled for fish and chips and some brussels sprouts. I absolutely love brussels sprouts and I must say tthese were just OK. However the fish and chips was much better, the Mamosa was like seriously on point I ordered some cookies and a carrot cake for my husband that was really good. The utensils were ok, the food plating was basic the atmosphere was a cafeteria style seating. It's worth a try only if you're in the area.
#REVIEW#Good service but great food! Had a summer rose mimosa so pretty and avocado toast af and it was perfect ... the right proportion of each component. Busy at brunch but reasonable wait time. Would definitely come back to try other menu items!
#REVIEW#The avocado toast seemed really popular as the whole table of 4 next to us all got it, but we opted not to get this dish. Instead we got the berry pancakes, salmon wrapped eggs, monkey bread and tater tots. The two highlights for me was the monkey bread and iced coffee. Yay for monkey bread on a menu! It's small portion wise but tasty, sweet, and a little crunchy on the outside so it's not just a sticky soft mess. Three of us shared this which is good because it tastes like it's full of calories (i.e, yummy). Iced coffee is $+1 with the prix fixe vs hot coffee but was really good, not too bitter or acidic but still fragrant. Plus they offer oat milk. The berry pancakes were tender and slightly chewy, the perfect texture for pancakes for me as I am not a fan of overly fluffy/soft pancakes. The salmon wrapped eggs were okay but I would not get this again as it was not memorable. The salad that comes with the salmon dish reminds me of the lettuce that you get at kbbq to eat with the meat, so that was new for me and I don't know if I liked it. The tater tots were extra crunchy (yay!) but had a little bit of the reused oil taste but maybe it's just me because they were finished off by the rest of my table. We were quoted a 40 min wait for 3 people at 11:30 AM but waited only 20 mins. Our waiter, Joseph, was super nice and patient. I do have a gripe about the fact that they only have one gender neutral bathroom stall as it seemed like a really long wait to just wash my hands (syrup is sticky!). Overall, I think for the price it is a decent option for this area.
#REVIEW#I've lived in the neighborhood for a while and finally got around to trying Penelope.  It has been recommended to me by people every once in a while, unprompted, when I say I life in the area.We had donut hole starter, bacon sandwich, nutella french toast and two eggs over easy.  Eggs over easy seemed to be the way to go.The service was very slow and seemed a little bit disorganized.  I will say that all the people employed the restaurant were very nice and friendly.  I just would have liked to see more of them.Couple issues with the food.  The donut hole starter was warm and probably made earlier that morning.  They are not sold as warm on the menu so perhaps this is unfair, but the setup is such that they are covered sugar and you dip them in glaze.  I had the bacon sandwich and the bacon on it was not hot.  Similar to the donuts, it seemed to have been cooked earlier in the morning.  The fried egg was warmer, but again, perhaps the sandwich sat in the kitchen for a while before it was brought out?  My biggest issue is that the lettuce on the sandwich was rotten.  At first I thought that the hot fried egg had wilted the mixed greens, but after more thorough inspection, I am fairly confident that slimy mixed greens were put on my sandwich.They've changed around the nutella french toast, but I was impressed at their ability to soak half of an entire baguette in egg.  They use good bread for the bacon sandwich and for the eggs over easy.
#REVIEW#3.5/5 starsnot sure what all the hype is about here. I came here with two friends for dinner and I was not really impressed, it was all just okay. The place is pretty cute and intimate and the waitress was really nice, but the food was very standard and nothing special. I ordered the nice chicken meatballs ($14). This was basically a meatball sandwich with cheese and pesto & came with fries. It was pretty good, but not amazing.My friend ordered the warm brie and green apple sandwich ($12). Again, she thought this was good, but not great. This especially was something you could make at home. I guess this is just a cute, neighborhood place to come with decent prices and decent food when you don't feel like cooking. Not sure what i'm missing here, maybe i'll come back for brunch!
#REVIEW#Great service and fabulous food! Penny Egg sandwich with bacon was exquisite..I added tomato ..so delicious.  French toast  loaded with caramelized banana so wonderful.  Seating is family style.  Definitely a spot to visit!
#REVIEW#I've been to Penelope a handful of times within the last year and it seems to be more disappointing each time. Penelope's appeal is it's a charming, country style cafe known as a brunch spot but does have a lunch and dinner menu options - which I've never tried. Its located on Lexington Avenue between 29 and 30 streets. The space is very tight with tables and chairs, some being old church pews and benches. When its busy its challenging to even get out of the bench areas or anywhere without being super careful knocking over your neighbors items on the table. For breakfast/brunch, I've had the raspberry sour cream coffee cake which was dry, the Chorizo Egg Sandwich, Sam I Am plate, Mhmm Biscuits and Gravy plate, B.B.E.L.T. sandwich and Farmer's Market Omelette. Biscuits are decent but the gravy is not so flavorful. The Chorizo sandwich was too greasy and when ordering over medium or over easy eggs, they came hardboiled. Coffee wasn't hot any time I went and the drinks such as the sangria was ok but a bit watered down.Staff are a bit rushed and hard to keep track of. There is a bar with stools to sit on and order take away pastries, cakes, etc. They do accept credit cards and splitting up the check. I would have to be convinced to return for lunch or dinner to try other items but the price isn't worth the quality of food I've already tried.
#REVIEW#I would eat here once a week if I lived in Murray Hill. I might go once a month even if the food sucked because it's the cutest place, something you'd find upstate in Dutchess County or upper Westchester. Rustic perfection. But the food IS fabulous. The pea mac and cheese is huge and decadent. The cheap 9 buck a glass wine was more than decent and a generous pour. My friend had a club sandwich or something (grilled with cheese). Fries plentiful and fabulous. I live 2 blocks from the 6 at Bloomingdale's so it's not a big deal for me to take a 12 or 13 minute subway ride to 33rd and walk a couple blocks. I'm really enamored of the place and can't wait to return.
#REVIEW#Always a great classic American brunch place, high quality food and some creative twists on traditional dishes. The atmosphere is fun. Basically a more casual Sarabeths.  The prix fixe menu is $22 for a drink (alcoholic brunch beverage ;), coffee or juice) We had the omelette and gravy biscuits. GRAVY BISCUIT: really great, it's vegetarian and very light. The biscuit is on the denser side. Very large portioned so good bang for buck!! OMELETTE: good but not with the price in my opinion, the portion size of the plate is large, but you get mostly filled up with the potatoes and toast and the omelette itself is small. Wait staff was very nice, ambience is cheerful, bar seats were just as nice as the tables. All around solid place for brunch!
#REVIEW#I finally got to eat here!!! Yay! There's always a wait (1hour ish) but good food. There's a no wait thing via Yelp where you can start waiting beforehand. It's a nice cute place and their $20 entree plus cocktail price is pretty amazing.I ordered their farmers omlet with chorizo and tomorrow's and peppers. This came with sourdough, soft butter (I hate it when it comes hard as a rock) and home fries. Could the home fries be more flavorful? Yes, absolutely!! The omlet was very straightforward and nice. Value for money yess. Will I come here again? Maybe. We had a good time overall. But the wait time is a downfall. My Bellini was decent and my friends' burgers were good too. Actually I might be back to try their sangria (with mango and strawberries, yes you heard that right)!! Good time, good food, good cocktails, okay service (they got my order wrong), but wait time :)
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing brunch spot. There was actually no wait when we went in for brunch, but it was also Sunday at around 2pm.We were so hungry after our Rumble class and a lot of walking around, and ended up both ordering omelettes even though there were other things that sounded great on the menu. But the omelettes didn't disappoint. They came with home fries, which were great, and the omelettes were hearty without being just straight up blocks of egg. I got mine with broccoli rabe, bacon, and avocado - perfection.The atmosphere is cute and airy and perfect for brunch; they also had interesting sounding drinks and great coffee.
#REVIEW#My boyfriend and I were visiting NYC for the first time, and my bestie from college drove down from Goshen to spend the weekend with me. We wanted a cute Sunday breakfast place, and since it was a very last minute trip, most of the fancy brunch spots were already booked for the times we were looking for. My boyfriend found this place on Yelp and we reserved a 9:30am time. They texted us when our table was ready, and our waitress was the sweetest. She was very funny too. My boyfriend and friend ordered the the Prix-Fixe (Biscuits and Gravy & Omelet) and I ordered the Eggs Any Style. All of us really enjoyed our meals. I thought my plate tasted like any other brunch spot though. Nothing really special, but I definitely would eat here again and try other options on the menu. Everything looked great. I only took away one star because it really is like any other breakfast restaurant I've been to before.
#REVIEW#Not going to lie .. saw a piece of rainbow cake when searching for a good brunch place and was hooked.Unfortunately, looks can be deceiving .. and were in this case.Brunch on the weekend at Penelope .. hot mess. We used the app recommended on their website to reserve a table; we were a group of three, which added like an extra 45 minutes on to the wait time we thought we'd have.They're cranking people in and out of there like a well oiled machine.Except it's not.As stated by others, service was basically non-existent .. after waiting forever for our table, we waited forever for drinks. Our server was friendly enough, but the place is packed, you're shoulder to shoulder with the people next to you, and hoping like hell you don't step in the breakfast the toddler who sat at the table before you threw on the floor .. but wasn't cleaned up because again, with barely a swipe of the table with a cleaning cloth, they're cranking you through.But back to waiting .. waiting for our order to be taken .. waiting for brunch to arrive .. waiting for coffee refill .. .. and waiting for that insane check for a mediocre brunch.
