#NAME#Pig and Khao
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pig-and-khao-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#filipino,thai,asianfusion#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Delicious food here. The vibe is typical cool and hip LES kinda place. I really enjoyed the food here. Everything was very delicious. Their cocktails are also super strong.We shared a papaya salad, the sizzling sisig and the hainanese duck. The best dish was definitely the duck!! Omg it's sooooo delicious with the sauces they gave you. The papaya salad was on the salty side. The sizzling sisig was also yummy. One of their cocktails was fresh coconut with rum and I think they really put a lot of rum in the coconut!Definitely will be back to try other dishes!
#REVIEW#Wow. This used to be my all time favorite restaurant in NYC but today's experience has completely changed that. I have been here about 10 times and have bought multiple friends to eat here, but that will sadly not be happening anymore. We had a waitress in blue overalls that was extremely rude. She first started the night coming every 2-3 minutes asking if we were ready in a very rude tone. We told her a few times that we needed more time and the final time I told her that I needed a minute - she got visibly annoyed. She never came once to check up on our table after that. Another waiter had to come and get our order. There was another moment when we asked to check on our dish because it was taking a LONG time (ive gotten this dish so many times- i know this was a longer wait than usual) and she responded rudely and refused to check on it. The table next to us who witnessed everything was appalled at how the waitress was acting as well. There were few more encounters (i.e. obtaining the check) and she was visibly annoyed and rude with her responses. It definitely ruined the whole dinner experience. In all my experiences at eating at restaurants, I have never had such a rude waitress with poor behavior like her. I am still so shocked that Pig and Khao has allowed this type of service to their customers.
#REVIEW#Pig and Khao is the perfect place to go with friends on a Friday night for some good bites. It's decor is very hip, and so is its menu. I've been here before, but this visit was more disappointing than most. And this is all because of one thing... SALT!! The food was sooo salty! The least they could do when they serve salty food is to refill our glasses (which they did not do). Also, my friend ordered the Khao Soi, and it took 40 minutes! I understand that they take the food out depending on when it's done, but it shouldn't take 40 minutes to make. Plus we saw that the other table who came after us and ordered the same thing got their meal before we did. When we asked the waiter when our food was coming out, she gave a bit of an attitude. I don't think I'll be coming here again. Though I'm sure they had better days, this wasn't a great experience for me.
#REVIEW#Pig and Khao was really delicious last night.  Thai and Filipino flavors are a great combo, serving up some unique flavors.Last night we ordered the mushroom salad, the porkbelly dish, and noodles that came with achovies.  Each had flavors I wouldn't normally imagine.  At first I thought I wasn't in the mood for a salad, but the mushroom salad isn't on top of a bed of greens, it's literally a salad of all mushrooms.  Also included in the dish are some tasty shrimp.  The porkbelly dish was also fantastic.  In it, you receive 4 really nice thick cuts of porkbelly with the fat mostly baked out.  Lastly the noodles were crazy!  It had way more than anchovies in it, in fact the anchovies weren't even the star.  To be honest, I can't really remember, but what I can say that it was good and spicy!  I was so happy we were sitting next to the water table.  It was already a hot day, so I think  we each had 5 glasses of water in the hour that we spent here.No matter, what you get you have to get coconut rice.  Sooooo good.Ordering 3 small plates for two people surprisingly left us pretty full.
#REVIEW#Hands down my favourite filipino restaurantMust order:- Longonissa sausage- Grilled pork jowl- Sizzling sisig- Khao soiThings to note:- Bottomless mimosas $16 (4 flavors)- Definitely come EARLY or make RESERVATIONS otherwise there will be a long wait- They may try to usher you out quickly because they have other tables coming in- The brunch main courses are small
#REVIEW#Pig and Khao? More like holy cow this place is good. Pig and Khao does not fail to deliver warm, tasteful, well thought of dishes. As a lover of southeast Asian cuisine, I was excited to try this fusion restaurant and they did not disappoint. We tried: Pork Jowl and Brussel Sprouts: (5/5) GET THIS! It's so good. The jowl is perfectly chew and melts in your mouth. I love brussel sprouts too and it pairs perfectly with the pork. The flavor and seasoning is great and has the right amount of acidity. Definitely my favorite dish of the night. Sizzling Sising: (4/5) A fun dish that's served in a sizzling plate with a egg cracked on the top. It is a more crunchy than the pork jowl dish and is seasoned well. Khao Soi: (4/5) A solid curry noodle dish Half Hainese Duck: (4/5) The duck was super tender and it was unique to have duck prepared this way (I'm used to eating Hainan chicken!) A little on the plainer sides so definitely dip it generously in the sauce that accompanies it Such a good restaurant! Would definitely come back again!!
#REVIEW#Meh. I really wanted to love Pig & Khao especially with all the rave reviews but each dish was just missing that extra something to bring it up. For the main dishes we got the fried chicken, pork adobo, mushroom salad, sisig with a few sides of coconut rice.The coconut rice and pork belly adobo were easily my favorite dishes of the night, but a restaurant can't stand just by 1 side dish and 1 main dish. The fried chicken itself needed more seasoning, even with the chutney and sambal it was still bland. The sisig and mushroom salad was really whatever.Overall, it's an ok place but the service was good.
#REVIEW#Unquestionably good food, but can be overly salty, and is undoubtedly a little pricey. Also: terrible lighting for dinner time pictures, and so.very.loud.Sizzling sisig ($18): ok this was SO good. But also the saltiest dish of the night. It's much crispier than Maharlika's and the portion is bigger too for the price (but doesn't come with a side of rice). Loved the crunchy bits, the fatty fits, and how the whole thing was sizzling even after a while. Crispy pata ($27): again, also too salty, but very interesting to try. Another crunchy dish, and the fat was more pronounced in this. I probably wouldn't get this again because it was a little like a deep fried piece of ramen pork belly to me. Coconut rice ($3): trust me, you will need to add a bowl of rice, you carnivore! Mostly because you'll need it to tone down the saltiness of everything else, but also because this coconut rice is the most fragrant and tastiest rice I've ever had in a restaurant. I know it's silly to review a bowl of rice, but you've gotta get this - you'll want all your rice bowls from now on to taste just like the one at Pig & Khao.
#REVIEW#If you're looking for sisig, their version may not satisfy your craving.  It's not even close ...  The authentic or near authentic style does not have egg at all.  Not a slight hint of liver taste to theirs.  No pig cheeks, ears ...  That being said what was served was cooked we ll and with enough flavor.  Somehow a piece of "dilis" got mixed in [?].  As with the crispy pata, it's a winner!  I like that it came pre-sliced and boneless.  It had just enough crisp to it and was well seasoned.  The fried fish was too.  Be sure to request more of the sauce (on the side) to spoon over your (coconut) rice for a perfect bite!  I will definitely come back but not if I want sisig.  For that I'd go elsewhere.
#REVIEW#We came here and it was bustling already, so we sat at the bar. Even though it appears to be such a small hole in the wall restaurant, the fact that it was already full around 11 says a lot. The food was perfectly Asian Fusion, and the flavors definitely hit the spot. We ordered three dishes, and each had a very unique taste. The Khao Soi was crunchy and filled with a variety of chicken and vegetables. The french toast had a wonderfully alcoholic flavor, with caramelized onions and whipped cream. The Sizzling Sisig was my favorite dish, and it consisted of intestines and egg. We mixed in the yolk with the pork, and it tasted amazing with some jasmine rice. I loved this place and I will definitely come back to try the rest of the dishes!
#REVIEW#My absolute favorite place for Filipino food!! I live literally next door to Pig and Khao and I have to say I order take out and eat here way too much!!Here are some of my favorite dishes: chili pan mee is so good, the crispy pata is so flavorful and great, and lastly pork belly adobo is flavorful as well. I've also eaten breakfast here, the sausage is amazing and they have cool options like corn beef hash. Brunch also has bottomless mimosas for $16.I'd highly recommend coming here for a taste of the Filipino cuisines. They also have some really great Thai food! Make sure to make some reservations beforehand on weekends.
#REVIEW#This is my favorite brunch spot! I've always gone for the bottomless mimosa option, it's very economical and the service is great! They always come by for the refills and make sure you get what you want. The peach flavor mimosa was my favorite. But all flavors are amazing!For food, the longanissa sausage was good but not your traditional Filipino dish, it's more modernized and portion was small. Khao soi was much better in my opinion.Definitely want to come back for dinner one day!
#REVIEW#Still 4.25 stars. I just returned to this busy spot and, again, had a great meal. I ordered the same dishes I did last time: the pork jowl, the sizzling pork and the curry noodles... all very good. Then we got the bbq ribs and although sizable, they were just ok. I think the sauce was a little too sweet (but I guess it's very subjective). Do order the coconut rice! Overall, this is a solid place to have yummy and creative food. Prepare yourself to yell, as it's very noisy.
#REVIEW#I really like the food here, and they have an interesting selection of Thai and Filipino dishes. I particularly love sisig, so I had to get some here. If your kidneys are less than functional, the salt on this sisig may be a problem for you. However, I still enjoyed it. The place gets crowded fast, and while we lucked out in having seats right away, we were seated next to the bathroom. However, there is a nice view of their open kitchen from there. Unfortunately, I can't rate them too well, mostly because of their price. I love Thai and Filipino food, but I don't think anything was made well enough to warrant the price that they put the dishes at. If you are looking for this combination of foods, you should still come and try it, however, it is not a place I would frequent. I feel like it suffers from the hip foods malady.
#REVIEW#I've always wanted to try Filipino food, and have heard many good things about this place so decided to try it! It is a small place, so it is a very home atmosphere. The kitchen is open to the public and you can hear (and smell) what's going on.We ordered the sizzling sisig (pork), khao soi (curry dish with egg noodles), half hainanese duck, and the halo halo for dessert. The sizzling sisig was very good, but a bit salty. It tastes best when mixed with other stuff, such as rice. The Khao Soi was very good, the egg noodles were a perfect texture and the curry had a really nice flavor to it. The duck was absolutely amazing, and it was served with crispy rice which was to die for! I would definitely come back just for this duck it was so good. The table next to us got the halo halo, and it looked so good we had to try it too! Unfortunately, it did not taste as good as it looked. I personally love shaved ice, but it felt like a bit too much ice and not enough flavoring. The oats (?) on it made it feel as if we were eating cold cereal. Overall, the food was good and I can't wait to come back and try other dishes!Check out my food insta: Fooodies.United 3 O's !!
#REVIEW#Seating can be a little tight, but it really doesn't matter when the food is this good. I ordered about four dishes, which were all amazing. You seriously cannot go wrong with any of the food here. If you're one that can't handle spiciness, be careful with the mushroom salad... and MAKE SURE YOU GET THEIR COCONUT RICE! I had trouble deciding on which cocktail to order from their list (and I forgot which drink I ended up ordering) as they all sound amazing. Always crowded, especially during dinnertime. Luckily, I didn't have to wait for a table too long.Definitely a restaurant that I'll visit again and again-Gotta come back for more coconut rice!
#REVIEW#Came into the restaurant this weekend for dinner. We had a reservation and were running a bit late, but after calling and giving them a head's up, upon arrival we were seated immediately.With a group of four, the server recommended one large plate, and we chose the duck, and four small plates, so we tried the sirloin, octopus, pork adobo and the khao soi. The best dish by far was the pork adobo, and the side of coconut rice. The pork was cooked to perfection and the coconut rice was the perfect texture and was just the right amount of sweet. I'd eat it again tomorrow. If you're interested in a curry, the Khao soi is good, spicy and very curry forward. The sirloin also had a unique texture, was cooked well, rare in the middle but almost crispy around the edges, it worked. The only item on the menu that didn't work for me was the baby octopus. I found it was very (overly) fishy tasting, and I don't think it was cooked right as it was very chewy. Besides that, we had a great meal!
#REVIEW#I absolutely love this place. The ambiance, the service, the food, everything is exactly how I like it. My friends and I walked in with no reservations on a Friday evening. Although the place wasn't completely packed yet, there were people that had already booked tables. Good sign, a good restaurant is always booked. We stayed anyways and waited for the next available table. We ordered all our dishes with coconut rice. Pork belly adobo - crispy on the outside, ultra tender on the inside. The fat just melts in your mouth. Grilled sirloin - my personal favorite. Who doesn't like a good smoky steak?? The isaan sauce isn't for the weak though, it's really spicy. Chili pan mee - this was all my friend's favorite. Ramen noodles topped with pork and anchovies. It's a great balance between salty and savory. Highly recommended. The place is a little pricy but definitely worth a try. Make sure to make a reservation before going, especially on Friday's and the weekends.
#REVIEW#Another good Filipino spot in the city, their mushroom with shrimp dish was unforgettable (never had it anywhere else). However, their sizzling sisg was a bit disappointing. Their pork was a bit fatty and has weird meat taste to it, I had way better sisg elsewhere. We got the chili noodle with ground meats, sauce was tasty and spicy. The noodle was pretty authentic. Pork belly was crunchy and the sauce was tasty. We also got the fried pork leg to share, again it was fried and crunchy and the two sauces came with it adds a kick to it...one is a little sour and other one is a little sweet. The pork Joel with Brussels sprout was not bad as well. So if u like pork, this is the place to be to try all different part of the pig
#REVIEW#I came here during restaurant week and I feel in love! I don't like coconut at all but their coconut rice is to die for. Since I had their coconut rice I have decided to try coconut other places, but none of them taste the same as Pig and Khao. It's just soooooo good you have no idea you need to try it. This is the first place that I love to eat Brussels sprouts. If you don't like Brussels Sprouts, try their grilled pork Jowl salad. It's amazing and just so juicy. I finished the whole salad. Since I came here during restaurant week the portions for ribs were smaller. But their salad and pork belly I believe they were the same portion. I wasn't a big fan of their dessert halo-halo. However, I like their Turon. You should make room for dessert !
