#NAME#Housing Works Bookstore Café
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/housing-works-bookstore-caf%C3%A9-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bookstores,cafes#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#So beautiful and cozy big bookstore in New York! Love it, you can have coffee too while enjoying your reading!Tan linda y acogedora librería grande en Nueva York!Me encanto, también podes tomar un café mientras disfrutas tu lectura!
#REVIEW#Excellent experience here at Housing Works Bookstore Cafe.My friend and I were wandering around SoHo, and I honestly needed a bathroom.  I looked Cafes on Yelp, and found that this would be a suitable option.  I'm really glad that I did, because this turned out to be a great find!Not only were the bathrooms clean (there are two of them), the bookstore and cafe are great!  The selection of used books is great condition is excellent.  If I lived here, I would frequent this establishment.  They even have a great selection of foreign language books which I thought was fantastic.  The cafe was busy and many people were meeting here and studying or browsing.  It was relaxed and a great retreat from the busyness of the city streets.  What's best, is that this place benefits a worth cause, and you're helping with your purchases!  Definitely worth checking out!
#REVIEW#Yeah, it's a grudge review. I donate regularly to Housing Works, as do plenty of others. We lug dozens of pounds of books over to the place and trade them for a tax deduction paper... or nothing. Today, for the second time, my donation was refused because of "early closing for a special event." Leaving the books takes 30 seconds! Just drop them off books and split. The clerk who blocked my donation could have as easily said, "We don't have time to give you a receipt, but if you want, you can just leave your books with the others over there." That's it. Pow! I'm outta there!Instead, they expect me to return those already-lugged books to my apartment, and then lug them back some other day when I have nothing else to do but lug books. I just dumped them on the store's steps and took my empty boxes home.
#REVIEW#One of my absolute favorite bookstores! There's so much variety and I always find a new fun read. There is food, coffee, and snacks towards the back of the bookstore. This is a great place to get work done or relax and read a book. I'd also highly recommend this place if you're looking to gift a fun book! There are also quirky cards and postcards and mugs around. Check it out and see why I enjoy this place so much!
#REVIEW#I think I would've liked this bookstore better if it weren't so hot inside the moment we walked in, it was horrible. I'm not sure if their heater was on overdrive or what but we could only stay for a few minutes to walk through the books upstairs before leaving.Overall it's a cute little shop, but a bit too tight for me to be comfortable really shopping or stopping for a coffee. There isn't much room all in the upstairs walkway so make sure to be courteous of those coming through or may want to shop for books. When we were there, there was a couple just standing there talking taking up the walkway without bothering to look around and be sure they weren't inconveniencing anyone. Practically had to shove our way though after saying excuse us.In any case, I hope to come back and give a better review if I order anything next time and am not chased out by the heat~
#REVIEW#Housing Works is a downtown institution, and the largest community-based AIDS service organization in the country. I've been here for The Moth shows, and every now and then, I drop by to peruse books and get coffee. They have a huge selection of books ranging across all sorts of genres, whether it's cookbooks or children's books to fiction to biographies. They also have several tables downstairs and upstairs. There's never any space downstairs, so try upstairs as well. The coffee and tea aren't superb, but it's so cheap here! They do have almond milk available, too. Also, it's really sweet that the staff is made up of volunteers and that they are engaging the community through books, food, coffee, and events. Coming here is a cute idea for a low-key date, with someone else or with yourself! Just be patient with seating. Also, donate books or go to one of their events or workshops. Keep the good cause going!
#REVIEW#Big YES to this adorable bookstore/coffee shop! Essentially, they have a ton of books that you can read while sipping on some tea and hang out with your friends. The ambiance is very casual, and prices for drinks are lower than you'd expect in the city. If has a major library vibe with bookshelves along the walls and pensive students reading thick books but you can also speak without whispering and even get wine. If I lived in New York, it would undoubtedly be my to-go spot.
#REVIEW#Growing up my favorite place to go was a bookstore or a cafe to read books. However, in my home town that usually meant Starbucks or Barnes and Nobles (which isn't a bad thing). Now that I work in the city, finding bookstores are my new favorite "me time" places. Secondhand book stores have a special place in my heart and uphold the picturesque view I have of myself. Having a list of Bookstore cafes to go to I decide to put each of their names on a post it, crumpled it up, and left to chance on which store to go to. Housing Works Bookstore made it on my list because it's a place that gives back, they help with the advocacy for the homeless and those individuals that are living with aids, which makes this place very special. Most of their books are donated so they usually have one copy, and they carry some really amazing first edition books that are on display that you can purchase. There is a small cafe on the first floor that does serve wine and beer, in my opinion it's not the greatest selection, but you don't go to a Bookstore cafe for wine you mainly go for coffee (which I didn't get a chance to have). The best thing about this place though is that the atmosphere. It's a place you don't realize you're spending hours in. Its gives you a feeling of an at home library that you dont mind sharing with others. The staff is pleasant, they know you're there for the books, and they provide service to you when needed. Overall, if you're looking for a place to enjoy a good book, with a comforting ambiance, that makes you feel good WHILE giving back to the community THIS is the bookstore for you.
#REVIEW#We walked in and were greeted by busy workers who gave me full attention when I asked questions. This bookstore only takes donations. They are a 501c3, so donations are the only way they bring books into the store. So they don't buy books from a wholesaler. Even with this knowledge, I found their books selections quite robust! I hung out in the 2nd floor a little bit, then went downstairs to the little coffee shop in the back and ordered a iced tea. A pleasant worker with a Michigan hat chopped it up with me about our U-M connections. Now I really feel more at home! There are tables for people to use for writing, computer time or just to meet up with friends. The place was full and based on the conversations I overheard, this is a literary hotspot.  Yes there is free WiFi! 5 starts for a gem of bookstore in the heart of Soho!
#REVIEW#Always love coming here to check out some books, get some coffee and work/read. This place has some great finds if you know where to look. I will def recommend this place to anyone who loves books and like the whole atmosphere of an old bookstore.
#REVIEW#Cute bookstore with a nice wooden architecture. See a lot of folks studying and enjoying the coffee from the cafe. You can find a great collection of old CDs, comics, books. The coffee is great, you can find some good seats on the top floor and enjoy the vibe of this place.You can find some books on sale for a few dollars.
#REVIEW#What a wonderful independent bookstore. Found a copy of a book I needed for book club at half the price. They also have a great selection of rare books. Unfortunately, my budget couldn't accommodate it, but I'll be back!!!
#REVIEW#This place is reader's delight! They have a wonderful collection of books arranged so into categories. Very easy to browse through and find what you are looking for. You can just come sit here and pick yourself a book and read the entire day. They have a small cafe inside so in case you need to recharge yourself, just get a coffee. Couldn't have found so much variety at dirt prices.
#REVIEW#Decent place to come work. There are a lot of tables, but it can be super loud. Cash only at the cafe.
#REVIEW#I didn't actually order here (just came here to have a business meeting with a contact) but this setup is really nice.  If you are a bookworm, you will absolutely love it and NEED to browse here.  I heard good things about the cafe menu though I didn't have anything there myself.  It didn't feel too hectic or crazy on a weekday evening and they do seem to be a gay friendly place.If asked or in the neighborhood, I would definitely return.
#REVIEW#I came here for a MOTH event - what a lovely venue! It's quite spacious and I love the second floor and how it overlooks the whole space. During the event they had stringed lights across the ceilings. The bookstore is staffed by volunteers and all proceeds go to support AIDS/HIV. Great place supporting a great cause!
#REVIEW#I'm reviewing this as a patron of the cafe and not as a visitor for one of the many events they hold, but I hope to soon.SoHo is a crazy area with a lot going on, especially in the arena of shopping, and it's been difficult since childhood to find somewhere to take a break from it all. Upon suggestion from a friend, I came to Housing Works to get some light reading and work done. I had known Housing Works for their consignment shops in the past, but little did I know they had a gem of a bookshop from all of the literature donations they get. This cafe is the only one of its kind, and it is located directly next to the Housing Works Shop. The place is warm as you walk in, a less intense version of Strand with the smell of books inviting you in. The walls are lined with books and there is an upper level as well. Wooden everything makes you feel like you're in a cozy library without the fuss of leather chairs and dim lighting. The cafe is in the back and I can definitely see the allure of this place being an eventspace for weddings, talks, and even Moth readings (I was told).I had a very fair-priced turkey sandwich (8$) that was panini pressed and a mint tea (2.50$). The cashiers were very friendly answering my multiple whims about the place and the young woman also had a cap with a preferred pronouns sticker. I appreciate the place's commitment to gender equality/the homeless, and was thoroughly impressed with my visit. This will be my new go-to spot in the area!
#REVIEW#It's a beautiful spot. Warm and welcoming and I'm so happy there's a place that still accepts book donations. None of that compensates for the rude staff. The door was wide open, but apparently the place was closed. I was peeking inside, not trying to enter, and instead of issuing any type of greeting the disgruntled guy standing at the door goes "we're closed". He also had to mention their liability if I took a step on their stairs when I asked to take a photo. There were still people shopping inside... i don't understand.
#REVIEW#I recently bragged to my husband abt my favorite bookstore in NYC. We're finally in the area & I have my chance to drag him in... reluctantly he enters. Aaaand now he's stuck. Somebody help.
#REVIEW#This place has character, and supports a great cause. It feels welcoming, unassuming, and cozy. They have tables near the cafe and a few small ones upstairs, but it can get hard to find seating. I've been lucky a few times, though. Free water cups and good coffee and foods. A fun place to stop by and peruse or sit and chat or work!
