#NAME#Uva
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/uva-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#A little close to other tables, a little loud, but the food makes up for it.First off, we (him & I AKA 2 people) shared the Prosciutto Di San Daniele which was amazing and we had to order it twice because it was THAT good. I also ordered the Penne Gratinate which was a giant portion which was super filling and delicious - I was able to save some for leftovers. He ordered the Coste Di Manzo Brasate, in which he reviews: "It tasted amazing and it was cooked really well - really tender"To top everything off, we ordered the tiramisu. Rich and creamy to the point I wanted to lick the plate clean.Brava Uva!
#REVIEW#Have been here and few times now and it's always been a satisfying experience. Very good food, great wine selection. Their meat dishes (duck, short rib) are really good. Their mushroom pastas are excellent and try the almond cake for dessert.It is a little on the noisy side, so it may not be the best date spot, but its good for a small group. Look forward to coming back again. I first came here in 2010, and am glad to see the place is going strong.
#REVIEW#I went here for my birthday with my boyfriend. Absolutely AMAZING!! It was honestly one of the best meals I had out in a while. We ordered the ricotta bruscetta that was drizzled with honey and truffle...so deliscious. This is a must! I was dreaming about this after we left the restaurant...I ordered the gnocci di ricotta ... So bomb! Honeslty I didn't think I would eat the whole thing because of the portion and richness, but I did. I highly recommend this. My boyfriend ordered the salmon which was also delicious. I would order that if I went back again. The ambience was perfect for a date or just getting together with friends. We sat in the back patio and I felt like I was in Italy. You must try this cute little place !! Try their champaign flight...I really enjoyed the dark red champagne.  I am definitely going back. Also the prices were super reasonable, especially for NYC! :) Quality and customer service of a $$$$ restaurant, even though its a $$!!!!
#REVIEW#A coworker recommended I go here when she found out my love of truffle. "Get the truffle gnocci. You have to."It was so amazing! We also got the ricotta on toast with black truffle honey. Wow sooo smooth and creamy! Pasta perfectly cooked. Perfectly seasoned. Good price for the truffle unlike other places. They also have a cute garden backyard patio. Very cozy and quaint. Good date spot.
#REVIEW#Solid neighborhood Italian. First visit, we got the antipasto misto, the pappardelle with ragu, and a spaghetti special with tomatoes, eggplant, and mozzarella. We really liked everything, especially the spaghetti. We'll be back.
#REVIEW#Cute and cozy Italian restaurant.  A fun place to have a glass of wine and eat outside.  Food was solid but wasn't too impressed.  The funghi bruschetta was refreshing.  The tagliatelle was a little too eggy and the gnocchi was a little to rich for my liking.  Service was great though.
#REVIEW#Saturday nights are busy, but this cozy Italian spot was just the right place on a slightly chilly Spring day. They have a couple outdoor seating available with heat lamps, but would save that for a 70 degree day.Indoors, it's well decorated and even seating in a cellar area. The back seating area is a well decorated interior with plenty of greenery for a rustic Italian feel.Service was attentive, but water refill did take a couple of tries (we were seated in the back).Food was great! The Calamari was atypical and an unexpected surprise. Flavor and crisp was perfect with the lemon. The pasta was to be expected and solid for the price point.Overall great experience at Uva on my second visit.
#REVIEW#There's not many places I can say are THAT good but this is one where I've tried so many dishes and never disappointed. There's a lot of vegetarian options but can't leave without trying the ricotta di gnocchi. There's nothing like it. It's creamy and flavorful. For appetizers, we had the truffle honey bruschetta which was also amazing. Other options to try, eggplant parm and don't skip dessert.
#REVIEW#This place is perfect. It screams romance, date-night, birthday party, group gather, bring your mother-in-law, grab a drink, have a meal, come back.My husband and I dropped in on a Wednesday evening around 8:30pm to celebrate my promotion at work. We were driving back from an event in White Plains, and I was researching UES options on Yelp.I was so pleasantly surprised to walk in, and see this place was sexy! Totally unexpected, they seated us in this outdoor area! I was blown away by the ambiance.Food was delicious and their menu has so many options! We started with the zucchini soup which was delicious, and the Caprese di Bufala which never fails.As mains, my husband ordered the papardelle al ragu di vitello and I had gotten chicken.Everything was excellent, looking forward to our next visit.
#REVIEW#My wife and I had a reservation at 10:00pm on Friday. We were surprised at how busy the restaurant was at that hour. The restaurant seats a lot of people. There are spaces in the front and the rear of the restaurant. The decor was beautiful with dim lighting to create a romantic feel.We shared a pomodori secchi bruschette, I ordered the gnocchi di ricotta for myself and my wife had the pappardelle al ragu di vitello. The bruschetta and my wife's dish were perfectly made. My gnocchi dish was delicious, but I only ate half because it was very cheesy (my wife thought so too). We took mine home and finished it the next day.Customer service was good-the server(s) made sure our glasses of water were always filled, they were also polite. The restaurant is clean. Ain't no complaints.
#REVIEW#Amazing. Love this place. New go to in the neighborhood. People have recommended it a few times but I just the chance to try it and it lived up to its expectations. The veal ragú was amazing. Decent portions for one person. I split that and 2 appetizers with a girlfriend and was good to go. Great wine selection and amazing service. If I didn't live in this neighborhood I would still keep this restaurant in my radar.
#REVIEW#Ummm can you say cute date night??!Went here on a Tuesday at 6:30PM and by 7pm the place was packed out. It's so rustic and cute and a lot of the waiters were from Italy, Love that they have a little enclosed courtyard type of area in the back with additional seating. We got:- full-bodied reds flight... three glasses that were decent pours. Really into getting to try the wines like this. - POLENTA TARTUFATA... fresh polenta filled with robiola cheese in a black truffle sauce. AMAZING. Truffle on point in that delicious creamy sauce. - CARCIOFI FRITTI ... pan fried baby artichokes tossed with rosemary and Parmigiano cheese. Crispy and perfect. Wish it came with a dipping sauce of some sort like an aioli. - PAPPARDELLE AL RAGU DI VITELLO... home made pasta ribbons sautéed with ragout of veal and montasio cheese. Delish delish delish. Absolutely no complaints. The homemade pasta tasted so fresh. - MEZZELUNE ALLA BOSCAIOLA ... half-moon shaped ravioli filled with prosciutto and mozzarella, served in a creamy wild mushroom sauce. This is what I was most excited about and looking forward to all day. It did not disappoint! also really into their "late night" menu concept. would be very happy to stumble in here on the late night and eat!!Overall an A+ spot in my books. All the portions were perfect and not skimpy. Will definitely come back for date night or any occasion.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Tuesday night and I loved the atmosphere!  I could tell that this place would be amazing for brunch. The service is good and the good I would say is ok. We ordered a bunch of items so let me break it all down.The Ricotta was hands down mind blowing. Loved it so much and it was my favorite dish!The burrata was delicious was well! Great garnishes and very delicious. Now onto the pasta dishes. We ordered the gnocci, pesto cavatelli, the ragu and the ravioli. I liked the gnocci the best. Very flavorful and yummy. the rest were ok. I felt like a lot of the dishes stopped short of the finish line, like they were missing that extra ingredient or oomph to get over the line. I had the duck and the duck was perfectly cooked- however, the sauce and the side of spinach underneath it was underwhelming. Again, missing that extra something. Overall my experience was ok. Maybe brunch will provide a better experience.
#REVIEW#Love Uvaaaa! This was my second time at this place. I dont typically go out to italian place but i came to this place with my friends both times. All the food was delicious and I was so full by the time we left. I had apps a bottle of wine and great entrees! I loved the small, cozy interior with dimly lit and decor that makes you feel at home. Looking forward to next dinner... with a date!
#REVIEW#We loved Sardinia flat bread, and eggplant was fabulous!!!  We also had gnocchi w vodka sauce and the pesto pasta. All great. Great atmosphere - def a little loud and bustling but fun!!  Great service!
#REVIEW#Excellent place for dinner. The overall atmosphere was really cool. I ordered their cheese board assortment: pecorino toscano, mozzarella and montasio (which is my favorite). I wouldn't mind going back and try something else.
#REVIEW#Solid Italian restaurant! We got the pomodori secchi bruschette as a starter, which was very good (if a little small) and the pesto on top was perfect. For entrees I got the gnocchi di ricotta, my mom got the fettucine con gamberi, and my dad got the salmon. The gnocchi was AMAZING - so satisfying and comfort food-y, although I wish there had been more sauce. The fettucine was also really good, with a lovely white wine sauce and really flavorful shrimp. I didn't try the salmon but my dad thought it was pretty average.My parents aren't drinkers so we didn't try the wine list or anything but I'd definitely come back to check it out. But all in all I was really pleased, and the next time I'm in New York I'll come back.
#REVIEW#My favorite Italian restaurant in the city is still Babbo, but Uva is now right up there as well - amazing pasta, cozy and dim interior perfect for date nights, and good service.We came on a Sunday evening and were seated almost immediately despite the place looking almost full. To start off we ordered the fried mozzarella wrapped with prosciutto and the bresaola with wild mushrooms - both excellent and I'm not even a fan of mozzarella usually. Pasta dishes included the gnocchi ricotta (their most popular) and the pappardelle with veal ragu. The gnocchi was perfectly pillowy without being weighed down by too heavy of a cream sauce, and the pappardelle was much heartier and savoury - they paired well with each other. We shared a tiramisu for dessert and it was also fabulous. Great wine list here as well, and service was fairly quick and attentive. I loved the vibe especially, where even though it's a little cramped you still feel intimate with just your partner. Definitely a lovely spot that's nicer than your neighbourhood Italian place without being flat out expensive.
#REVIEW#One of the best recommended place from a local friend. First off! They serve complimentary bread with olive oil and balsamic! The bread was even warm! The waitress was very kind and efficient (which I assume is due to the experience when there are many customers). I was highly recommended to try the Gnocchi Di Ricotta, and god, did I fall in love. This is why I can never be a vegan. It was one of the most pillowy gnocchi that I have ever had (Sorry, grandma from Filomena). Not only that the cheese sauce was so creamy and velvety. It just coats the tongue right. I couldn't stop eating despite how full I was.The setting was super old Italian and had a great atmosphere. There seems to be a back patio area that seems brighter and even more beautiful. Highly recommend reservation or coming early, because it seems that it could get crowded (we got super lucky). The seatings seems a bit tight as well, so try not to bring too many extra things.
#REVIEW#Absolutely racist establishment. There were multiple open tables available for a party of two. We were a party of 3 and told that they don't seat those outside or in the garden only outside. We were told this after waiting 20 minutes patiently. . As you can clearly see from the photo, everyone outside is white, including the party of three they pushed the tables together for1) you did not make us feel welcome and you LIED and said that party had been there since 3pm. You're telling me they were there for 3.5 hours? 2) you offered us a table in a dark corner, to hide us inside 3) placing a flower pot next to the only colored people in your restaurant to make them feel uncomfortable IS racist. 4) post your video, hopefully it will further highlight your disgusting treatment of us.5) I didn't SEE empty tables your host informed me THREE tables in the garden were paying. You offered no explanation you signaled to her to stop speaking and NASTILY said I should let you do your job. You offered ZERO explanation as to why the tables couldn't be given to us. NO ONE was at the bar, certainly not three tablefuls of people.I IMPLORE you to post the video footage of your bar and the incident. You have a nasty RACIST disgusting attitude and yes, you do control the demographic seated outside because all of the WHITES are out front and you offer the COLORED folk the tables hidden away in corners inside!!!
