#NAME#Very Fresh Noodles
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/very-fresh-noodles-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#taiwanese,chinese,noodles#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I love this place. It's one of my go-to noodle restaurants in the city. So far, I've tried a couple of them and they're all phenomenal. The noodles are all fresh, hand pulled (right in front of you!), so they're delicious and chewy. The portion sizes are pretty huge -- I've never finished an entire bowl in one sitting, and I can eat a lot. And the flavors of each of the different dishes are strong, authentic, and tasty. The venue itself is in Chelsea Market, which is typically pretty crowded and full of tourists, but these noodles are so worth it! Especially at this price point (I think most of them are all under $15).There's unfortunately very limited seating area and a couple of standing tables so it's better suited for a quick meal.On to the noods. The dan dan noodles are my absolute favorite. There's a strong peanut flavor (if you're into that), lots of spices, and a generous portion of ground pork, cucumbers, and nuts on the top. The cumin noodles with vegan duck are also great. The mock duck is made out of tofu I think, and it's delicious. Cumin is a pretty strong flavor and there's a lot of it in this dish so it's not a frequent choice of mine, but it definitely hits the spot when I'm craving it. The Taiwanese beef noodle soup is another classic. Both the beef and the broth are very flavorful and the beef is really tender, which I loved. The noodles in this dish are "knife cut" style, so they're very wide and chewy.The venue may be underwhelming but the food is so worth it -- I promise you!
#REVIEW#This place was disappointing given the overwhelming positive reviews on here and its presence of customers at the time. The sauce of the dan dan noodles was "heavy" so the noodles were super sticky. I was NOT given the option to choose a spice level, and i can handle spicy food pretty well, but these noodles really went hard with the spice. The amount of pork was in a small quantity. It was just tiring trying to finish it so i didn't. The taiwanese beef soup was mediocre. The soap was REALLY salty and concentrated. Noodles didn't have the smoothness or chewiness that wide noodles should have. I've had better in a lot of places.The black milk tea was slightly bitter, not a good indication of good tea leaves. A lot of the tapioca balls were stuck in clumps of 3 or more so my straw was stuck every other sip.Maybe my taste buds are just different, but I'm Chinese, so I've had these dishes a lot and this place is definition not amongst the top ones.
#REVIEW#DEFINITELY worth the hype!Entering the Chealsea Market, Very Fresh Noodles is what I was looking forward to the most. Luckily the line wasnt too bad for us. My husband and I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and it did not disappoint. Wish I had more room for another if I could! The broth was filled with richness and the noodles were amazing. Perfectly chewy and tender at the same time. Its packed with nutritious vegetables and they dont joke around with meat either. Super tender and flavorful. I would definitely visit again if I could! (Not from NY) my only complaint would be the napkins. Wish they had better napkins instead if just having cheap paper rolls!
#REVIEW#While perusing through Chelsea Market, this place stood out because of the fresh noodles and line of people waiting for their food! The line wasn't too long when we got there, which allowed us to get our food quickly.My friend Lynslee and I decided to share a dish so we ordered the beef noodle soup. We ordered it spicy and it came out within the next 5 minutes. The service was fast and it's cool to sit at the bar area because you can see the chefs stretch out the noodles for their dishes! The beef noodle soup was full of flavor and had a great spice to it. The noodles were delicious and went well with the beef that melted in your mouth. The beef noodle soup is a must when going here! I will definitely have to return to try their other dishes because the noodles are so yummy!
#REVIEW#HOLY ****. That's what I said after I took my first bite of the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles. I cannot say enough good things about these noodles: -The lamb is perfectly tender and seasoned (I've got to figure out how to make cumin lamb at home) -The noodles are wide and flat and have an extraordinary texture unlike anything I've ever had-The soup makes the noodles super spicy and tingly and exhilarating (beware to those of you with low spice tolerances)-Huge portion at a reasonable price I feel like I haven't done these noodles justice. Just know that when you see the long line, it's worth the wait. It's been a week since I've had these noodles, and I still think about them every time I get hungry.
#REVIEW#The whole experience of being able to watch how noodles are prepared was very unique. I had Dan Dan noodles and I was warned it is very spicy. In fact it was spicy and numbing. The noodles felt it's soaked in spice and it is hard to eat and after a while it is hard to enjoy. I wouldn't recommend getting spicy noodles even if you are used to spicy. Sitting is limited in most places in Chelsea Market including Very Fresh Noodles   so you should try to beat the crowds if you come with a group.
#REVIEW#Last year of February 9, 2018 I came to Chelsea market to try the very fresh noodles! The raving reviews online on Yelp and Instagram it got me interested of trying them out and which I did. I didn't know what to get because I don't know which was popular on the menu but that time at the register the guy walked me through the menu which was thoughtful and helpful that time. My friend ordered beef and I ordered the lamb as I remember from last year. My first visit to very fresh noodles was phenomenal and fantastic experience. I don't remember which noodle soup but their meat was chewy and the other one was so soft that I wished there was more.Last year I asked for both of the noodles extra spicy which was so good even though it was Hooooot.The soup was so good that I wanted to get another one. My last year experience with very fresh noodles it was excellent.2 days later I will write a review again how was my experience on my 3rd visit.
#REVIEW#Wow.. very very spicy and numbing!! I got the dan dan noodles with pork and they weren't kidding on the menu when they said extremely spicy! It was unfortunately hard for me to finish the bowl because this was a spicy numbing level that I couldn't tolerate (and I love spicy food). The texture of the noodles was really good though - very chewy, like elastic and absorbs the sauce really well. I would be interested in trying out their non-spicy options! The thai tea with boba is pretty good too - not overly sweet like how most places make it and the boba had a great soft/chewy texture to it. Excellent and quick service!
#REVIEW#Quick service restaurant in Chelsea Market. This place always had a queue throughout our time there. The menu is limited but revolves around noodles (obviously) . There's a bar style seating where you can watch your noodles being prepared. Ordered the Spicy noodles with Mock Duck. There were options for dry or soupy version, went with the dry one. When I saw the noodles for the first time, it looked delicious. But beneath the noodles was a load of chili oil. (These guys we're not messing around when they said Spicy). You definitely need something to wash down the spiciness. (In hindsight, should have taken the soup version maybe?). Couldn't finish the entire thing . Although the noodles were spicy, one thing I'd like to point out is that I didn't suffer from the after effects of all the oil and spice. Plus one for the quality. Taro milk tea was needed but it was just okay. (With a ton of sugar of course). I've had better though. Visit this place if you're feeling adventurous!
#REVIEW#Within Chelsea market with limited seating options but plenty of tables to stand at while you eat. There was a decent line to order however; they have the ordering process down pretty well so the line moves quickly. I ordered a bowl of the Spicy Dan Dan Noodles. The noodles were made fresh and were incredible. It was also one of the spiciest food items I have ever consumed in my life so not a good idea for someone who has an aversion to spicy food. The portion is generous and will find yourself walking away full. Overall one of the best dishes I have ever eaten.
#REVIEW#Located inside Chelsea Market where all the foodies go! There is very limited seating space mostly standing room or bar type seating. It is quick service, you order and within minutes your order will be ready!If you are here,  you must order the Dan Dan Noodles if you like SPICY food and the spicy noodle soup.  The noodles are handmade which taste different from other noodle places. The Dan Dan Noodles is a dry noodle (no broth) it is very flavorful  and definitely spicy.  On the counter there is extra chili dry paste with black bean sauce if you want to make it hotter. The noodles soup came out nice a hot too. The noodle is a thicker type noodle. It is like everything is made fresh!! Seriously!
#REVIEW#Stopped by Chelsea Market on a recent visit to NYC. It was a rainy day so what better lunch than some noodles! The Taiwanese beef noodle soup (ordered spicy) hit the spot. The meat was delicious and the whole dish was very filling....I couldn't even finish. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in the city!
#REVIEW#I'm obsessed with this place.The what dan dan noodle and smashed cucumber salad I've ever had.  Wish they wouldOpen more locations !!!!
#REVIEW#Wanting for hot soup on this cold day and this solved the craving. Be ready for a stand up dining when you come in. Noodles come in different hotness level. Lots of meat included. The serving is huge. I was not able to finish but surprised how good  they packed my take out.  Pricing is a bit high for me. It maybe the fave among on this  Chelsea corner as the wait was long.
#REVIEW#Our first stop once we got into Chelsea Market and a friend recommended this place. Ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup which was served in a plastic disposable bowl. It looks very presentable but tasted just average. All the places at Chelsea Market are very chic but the prices here tend to be a but higher. Maybe during winter this hot noodle would be a lot tastier but after getting full from the noodles and finding out all the other options I could've eaten at the other places, I regretted stopping here first.
#REVIEW#Perfectly chewy, very fresh noodles! You have to love a place who's name is straight to the point with a honest matching product. I don't usually like lamb bc of the gaminess, but the cumin lamb noodle here (dry style) was just, perfect. The flavor is a pure mild lamb taste and the cumin goes perfect with the mixed greens and noodles. Forewarning though, it was salty. The classic beef noodle soup is hearty and there is a generous serving of tender beef chunks, along with a few pieces of bok choy. Get it spicy. Take your heartburn pill beforehand. It's worth it. Downside: Everything is served in disposable plastic bowls, with plastic spoons. Hopefully the owners will choose to change to reusable materials in the future.
#REVIEW#I wasn't very hungry so I share the beef noodle soup with my sister. It was delicious! The beef inside the soup is very tender as well!. I love the decoration of the place! Super cute and creative. I wish they have a bigger menu!
#REVIEW#4.5 rounded up!I ordered the Hand-pulled noodles were very delicious and authentic! The meat was tender and fatty- I couldn't get enough. The broth, the most important part of any noodle stew, was perfectly spicy. We got the SoyMilk with Red Bean on the side- very unique and refreshing. This place is worth trying for sure if you're in the area!
#REVIEW#Wow! Awesome!! Came here with friends after rave reviews, and it was absoluately amazing! Original noodle in the dry-style and the vegetarian option: Absolutely delicious!! The noodles are chewy, thick, and long. We all agreed that these noodles would make any dish incredible! The sauce was a spicy mix of flavors, with toppings like pickled celery, cilantro, and veggie meat. This dish will definitely make you leave feeling full and satisfiedDan Dan noodle, vegetarian version: Equally delicious! I only BARELY prefer this over the original noodles, but this was sooooooo good. Same kind of noodles, but these are thinner and look almost like spaghetti noodles in terms of size and width. The sauce was peanutty and was complemented with thinly sliced cucumbers. All in all, you need to come to this place and try everything you can! You won't regret it!
#REVIEW#I came here twice in a span of 1 hour because it was so tasty! That tofu drink OMG - drooling still thinking about it! Located inside of Chelsea Market, there was no line or waiting on a Wednesday night around 6pm which was nice! My fiance and I were just strolling by and we decided to stop to get their tofu drink which also has sago, yummmm! We got our drink and went on our way, but after finishing the drink we decided it was so good, we wanted another one! And then we thought - hey, let's try their noodles too! Best . Decision  . Ever . We shared the Cumin lamb noodles and they did not disappoint! My fiance said they were probably the best hand pulled noodles, he's ever had! They were perfectly chewy and paired with the broth was such a tasteful delight! 10/10 would come back if I ever visit New York again!
