#NAME#TONCHIN NEW YORK
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/tonchin-new-york-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen,izakaya#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Walked in and said the Michelin 2019 sign....already feel good about this place. A short 15 mins walk from time square and not as crowded as some other places(also it was just opened when I got here). Decor was nice and I ordered the classic tonkotus Ramen, a side of homemade spicy sauce and a side of the spicy wings (wooopss.... ordered too much again). The spicy wings......best wings I have ever had (I thought I had the best wings already in my 30+ years of living....but this is on another level). I like how they prepared the wings so thoughtful. They cut the wings before cook so when you eat....you won't make a huge mess like you would normally eating wings. The flavor was awesome and I don't know what seasoning that was (pink little flakes) but they are so good. The Ramen..the broth was solid, the Ramen is the right thickness (that's how I like my Ramen). I ordered a side of spicy sauce for the Ramen. At first...I was dipping the pork into the spicy sauce and I ended up poured half of the sauce in the broth. It was spicy (at my limit) but good. Suggest to try it before you pour as it can be too spicy for you. The service was pretty awesome and fast. A bit surprised that this place is not as crowded as some other Ramen place in NYC but I believe it will take no time for the good word to be spread. Love this place. Highly recommended.
#REVIEW#I wanted to like this place, since I'm a big ramen fan. Went a few times and tried various bowls, before posting this review.Pros:-cool looking decor, very hip-ok ramen, decent productCons:-too costly for the food that you do get-meager portions-thin sliced pork, a no no in my book-the dishes are 'inventive' in ways that I'm not fond of, I'm more of a traditionalist-slow disinterested service (I'm not here to look good, I came to eat; please serve me instead of having to flag you down since you are actively ignoring your customers)-place full of foodie poseurs taking food pics and talking loudly about how important their self absorbed lives are instead of eating-the wait, hallmark of a true ramen place is you get in order eat then leave...this isn't that place. multiple times I came here had to wait.Net net, come here if you want to eat ok but expensive ramen at a hip looking place full of poseurs while being under-served by waitstaff. There are many other ramen places in the city to try, this is just one. Just one person's opinion.
#REVIEW#Rating: 3.5Atmosphere was dim and very noisy at night. Service was not bad.. but a server guy spilled ramen soup on my lap, (good thing I was wearing long pants) and greeter lady barely smiled. Made a reservation but they did not allow us to sit until full party was present although 4/5 of us were already there. One was parking. Food: Ordered classic tonkotsu ×2, dashi broth x2, yakiniku salad, okonomiyaki. Ramen was not bad but also nothing special either. Almost everything we ordered was overly salty for my Asian taste buds. We drank a ton of water after. Unagi wrapped rice was good.. but awkward to eat. Sauce was a tad gingery. Rice fell apart easily since it was still quite warm. Shishito peppers were also very salty. Yakiniku in my salad was also very salty. I had slightly higher hopes based off the 4.5 star rating..  after all these "fancy" ramen places, i still prefer the taste of no frills Minca ramen.
#REVIEW#So right before a recent Broadway play that we attended, my lady and I were in the mood for ramen and found Tonchin! We walked in and I was immediately impressed by their decor and big bar - it all looked very upscale and authentic. You probably would not tell since it's on a side street that comes off as almost hidden. Also, we could see the food being prepared as there is an opening right into the kitchen.So the wait was not long at all to be seated. I ordered the Pisco Sour which was delicious and my lady had the tea which she really enjoyed. We then ordered the Smoked Dashi Ramen and the Tonchin Classic Tokyo Tonkotsu Ramen. The Tonchin Classic came out first and that was meant for my lady. She really enjoyed it. I had a bite and it was very good. I then realized that I needed to run to the car to put more money into the meter, so I had to run out. When I got back, the restaurant decided to give me the choice to have the Smoked Dashi re-made free of charge! How thoughtful! I took that choice, waited a little longer and finally had my dish. The Smoked Dashi was very good, not over salted - I believe my favorite part of the dish were the clams and the fish oil.We will definitely come back again to try another dish and a cocktail as the level of service and thoughtfulness paired with the quality of the food and drink are worth returning over and over again - I wish Tonchin the best until our return!
#REVIEW#If you're looking for a simple bowl of tonkatsu, you're at the right place. Their tokyo style tonkatsu ramen has tonkatsu, half an egg, some bamboo and green onions. The soup is on the thicker (a little oily) side, but surely flavorful and salty. Ramen is the thick wavy noodles. I can't say I was the biggest fan of the pork - it reminds me of canadian bacon, sort of this thicker cut with some fatty layers.. I was really looking for a more tender, flavorful pork but this bowl didn't have that. My first thought was.. the color of this pork is offsetting. While I cannot say this tonkatsu blew me away, nevertheless, it's a solid bowl of ramen and satisfied my noodle cravings.
#REVIEW#This ramen will blow you away - a must try in the midtown area! Came around 12pm on a Sunday post workout class and were seated immediately. The ambiance is cozy and modern and while I did feel underdressed in my workout gear you definitely don't need to come dressed up. We both ordered the Tokyo Tonkotsu Ramen and can I say this is the best tonkotsu ramen I've ever had - the broth is rich and flavorful and the noodles are thick and cooked perfectly al dente. There's char siu pork, soft boiled egg, and green onions as toppings - very classic and no fuss. For dessert we got the Mango Milk Shaved Ice. It's a huuuggee mound of shaved ice topped with mango syrup and fresh cream and mangos. We didn't think the two of us would be able to finish it but alas even after consuming our bowls of ramen we were able to finish it.
#REVIEW#Wonderful food. For appetizer we for gyoza which came in a pan and sizzling. Got the dashi ramen and the tan tan ramen. Eel rice ball was very delicious! We also got matcha shaved ice. Everything was super delicious.
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch for 2 on a weekday and we were seated immediately. The place looked very modern, spacious and clean. - Fried Fish Buns: O m g the BUN was pillow soft! It was amazing. They could use a little less sauce and more crispier fish. But I still would've ordered seconds. (I don't see it on the current menu anymore)- Classic Tokyo Tonkotsu: Pretty good but not the best. The broth was thick, flavorful, salty and not overpowering. The noodles were okay. The only thing that I didn't like was the pork which was more like thin sliced ham with chewy stringy fat parts. Not my preference. My friend had the Spicy Tan Tan which I tried a bit of. It had a nice kick to it. Service was a little slow. Prices are on the higher end. Average ramen.
#REVIEW#I really like ramen but this place was definitely one of the best ramen places I've ever had. Right when you walk in, you'll notice that the ambience is different from most ramen places. Where most ramen spots are more casual, this one definitely veers on the higher end side, with beautiful interior decor and very finely curated decorative pieces. PSA: Don't bring an outside drink because they will ask you to toss it. As for the food itself, I had the spicy tan tan ramen (which I highly recommend if you like spice). Spiciness itself I would rate a 5/10 (it wasn't too spicy but had a nice kick). For the cost of ramen, it is pretty expensive with all bowls ranging from $18-$20. The broth was incredibly rich but a little saltier than my usual liking, however I found myself quite full afterwards. I really liked the consistency of the noodles as well (they were wavy and harder than most noodles). Perfect place to bring your date or to just catch up with some friends. I would come again if I was in the area. Ambience: 5/5Price: 3/5 Food: 5/5
#REVIEW#This has got to be my favorite ramen place. It's a great place to go for cute dates cuz of the great ambiance. Now first off, I love the interior of this place, I mean the way how the design was curated its just remarkable, and I am just as pleased to say that the food is just as superb. The ramen is just ah - mazing I mean it's so succulent and delicious, it makes you want to slurp up the whole bowl as is. I always love coming here for lunch, because there's always a lunch special where you can order the rice balls. The rice balls (or rather rice wraps) are really good. My favorite is the unagi because they're very generous with their unagi portions and it's just a great way to pair with the ramen and help balance the flavors. Honestly I  always recommend this place, and it's quite a favorite go-to between my coworkers and I for lunch. Just keep in mind about the wait times, but I assure you. You will not be disappointed, and it very much worth it.
#REVIEW#My friend and I came here for dinner. At first, we only decided to get ramen only but the drinks and desserts menu really got us to go crazy!We decided to order cocktails: my friend got the Shinjuku Lemon and I got the Japanese Old Fashion. I love the Japanese Old Fashion! Can't explain how good it tasted!For the ramen: we both ordered the Spicy Tan Tan Men. Not too spicy, but the perfect texture! Everything tasted amazing!And finally, for dessert: we decided to share the Tokyo Strawberry Milk Shaved Ice. And OMG... how big the portion looked... it was practically equivalent to the size of our heads lol. But gotta tell ya, we devoured it all! Super light and flavorful. It just melts in your mouth!Can't wait to come back to try a different cocktail or dessert. And of course can't leave out the ramen!
#REVIEW#Classic Tonkotsu ramen made to its excellence.* * * EXPERIENCE * * *Decided to try out this place after a long morning museum visit. At roughly 2pm on a Saturday it was still pretty packed, fortunately there were bar seats open and got seated right away. The vibe was both hip and Japanese-alike, attentive staff pouring water every time I was just about to finish my glass. Food came out pretty quickly too.* * * FOOD * * *Lunch Salad: A-Very refreshing for a hot afternoon, the sauce was a bit salty but it mixed with arugula which got a bitter taste to it for which the combination was nice.Tonkotsu Ramen: AThe soup was not very thick, a bit oily and salty as expected, and the pork bone taste was very heavy. The noodle was in its perfect texture - hard boiled yet very spongy still. There were 3pcs of chashu which were super flavorful and tender, and were probably slow-cooked in low temperature which kept the pork flavor. Menma was fresh, egg was well-seasoned and soft boiled to its perfectness.Spicy Chicken Wing: AThis ramen place actually made quality chicken wings! It's definitely more to the sweet side than spicy, very tasty and the meat was very juicy. Highly recommending ordering this dish.Overall a very solid ramen restaurant that made classic Japanese dishes, enjoyed it very much!
#REVIEW#My favorite noodle place in Manhattan. The classic Tan Tan is great. Tuna wrap salad is great too. Imari helped us today and we liked her a lot. Monday - 5/13/2019 - Sean (or possibly spelled Shawn) is so cool. Let him run through the menu and recommendations with you. He's very eloquent and obviously very good at customer service. It is our third time having him. As always, the pork based broth here is sooooo gooood.
#REVIEW#Phenomenal ramen, sake, and shaved ice. It was the sukiyaki buns, however, that BLEW me away. The best buns I've literally ever experienced. I also underestimated how good the mango shaved ice with the cream would turn out but it was incredible.
#REVIEW#After we checked into our hotel and settled in our rooms, we were hungry and looking for a place to eat that was still open and Dude found a ramen place just a few steps from our hotel, The Best Western Premier Herald Square.  And we got a table right away and the four of us sat in a booth in the back which was perfect!  Our server was very courteous and attentive and we ordered the spicy tonkatsu ramen, the classic tonkatsu ramen and the vegan ramen and were very pleased at the tasty broth and noodles!  It was a great night for comfort food as it had just stopped raining.  After dinner, we shared a tasty and refreshing mango shaved ice that just hit the spot!  I'd love to come here again just for the shaved ice!  They have four flavors, strawberry, mango, matcha and coffee!
#REVIEW#The ambiance of TONCHIN is great - it's very trendy and contemporary. I came here on a Wednesday night for dinner and the place was fairly packed. Thankfully there wasn't much of a wait. When we were seated, we were greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable waiter. Since it was our first time dining here, he gave a brief description about the restaurant and let us know about the happy hour deals.For food, we ordered the chicken patty buns. These were so good! It kind of looks like a slider patty but very juicy. They balanced out the dish with fresh romaine which I appreciated. For entrees, we got the traditional ramen bowl. Wow, very good and the broth was semi creamy. The bowl included marinated bamboo, half an egg and seaweed as well. For dessert, we ordered the mango shaved ice. When we got our order, we were a bit intimidated by the size because it was MASSIVE and there was only two of us. Thankfully the dish is primarily ice and fruit so we were able to eat the whole thing.
#REVIEW#Solid ramen spot in the heart of midtown.  Curly al dente noodles in bowl of meaningful soup.  Spicy tan tan was comforting.  They can provide a bib if you think you'll splash whilst slurping.
#REVIEW#One of my go-tos in the city!The tonkatsu ramen still remains to be my favorite, just really well balanced. I've tried the tantan, but it's just a little too salty for my taste. The buns are yummy as well, I love the chicken one. The shaved ices are SO good, they give you a lot and a lot of juice as well, which makes me super happy. It's always frustrating when they give you a mound of ice with a drop of syrup/juice. I've had the mango and strawberry one and they're both really yummy.
#REVIEW#On a cool winter day in NYC we were in the mood for ramen, after a little searching yelp led us here and we were pleased with the results.  Two of our party ordered the Tokyo Ramen, this is the classic style ramen and was enjoyed by both.  I chose the Smoked Dashi Ramen which had a bit of a seafood flair including clams and being cooked in smoked fish oil.  The broth was yummy, the clams cooked well and the veggies and egg had good flavor.  My husband also ordered the lunch shrimp special which was good.  The setting is very chic and modern, it has a very NYC vibe, the costs were a little elevated, but for being right in the heart of the city I didn't think it was too bad at all.  Great spot to visit on a chilly day!
#REVIEW#This is the second time I've been to Tonchin. The place is trendy, well-decorated, kind of small so the tables are all close together, but the booths are super comfortable. The staff is friendly and attentive.The first time, I came with a few girlfriends and I had ramen, but I remember not liking my noodles as much but enjoying the soup because it was seasoned perfectly.This time, I brought my parents, and we shared the Fried Fish Bun (TO DIE FOR!!! TO DIE FOR!!!) and the Tonkatsu Ramen (traditional pork ramen) with extra noodles. The waiter gave us extra bowls to facilitate the sharing. It was delicious, and I finished all of my broth, which is not always the case since a lot of ramen joints have good broth but it gets very salty as you reach the bottom of your bowl.Will be back but not often, as it is a bit pricey for ramen. Solid marks on the quality of the meal though.
