#NAME#Blossom
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/blossom-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegetarian,vegan#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I've been here multiple times with some vegan (and non vegan) friends, and it's been a hit across the board! I'm not a vegan myself, although I don't eat much meat, but even meat eaters won't believe that all the dishes are animal-free!My go-to dish is the rigatoni - the sauce, which is cashew and porcini mushroom based, is probably better than some non-vegan cream sauces I've had at other restaurants. I'd highly recommend this dish to any and all pasta (especially mushroom pasta) lovers!Also be sure to save room for dessert; the chocolate ganache is amazing, and you won't even be able to tell that the "ice cream" accompaniment is dairy-free! Service is usually very friendly - the restaurant itself is cozy, so be sure to make a reservation in advance during prime hours.
#REVIEW#Blossom is one of those places that just feels right; we stopped here after a very long day walking the city and felt relaxed very quickly, probably helped by some good beer.We started with the Chef's tasting plate where the seitan empanadas and deviled tofu were the hits.  The fig bruschetta was not bruschetta; it was cake like and probably 1.5 inches high topped with figs; it would have been more appropriate as a desert with a few adjustments.My wife simply had a very good soup as her main.  I had the Seitan Cordon Bleu, heavier sauce than I was expecting but overall a very well done dish.  The side of braised garlic tofu actually worked well as a foil to the heavy Cordon Bleu, almost cleansed the palate.There are a number of menu items we are looking forward to trying on future visits, already looking forward to the next trip.
#REVIEW#Service was good. The hostess was really nice. I received a table right away for dinner! Tiramisu was incredible. I would go back even just for this. But the small Caesar salad and the lasagna were good but not great. Based on the prices of the dishes and the hype, I expected something more. I will say the lasagna was filling, the cheese used didn't taste like daiya, and lasagna is quite a unique item for vegan restaurants. I would go back and try other entrees.
#REVIEW#So real talk: I am the biggest meat eater ever. Like, I might as well be named Carnivore cuz I eat so much meat. But holy cow! (Maybe not the best choice of words) this place was AMAZING! The smells, the tastes, everything was heavenly!We got the chef's sampler plate, seitan with the fried onion, mashed potato and spinach, and mushroom pasta. Every item was INCREDIBLE- so flavorful, rich, and just delicious! I couldn't believe I was tasting vegan dishes that good! Absolutely loved it, and that means a lot coming from the self-proclaimed queen of meats. Highly recommend!!
#REVIEW#Awesome vegan place in Chelsea! Our group ordered two mushroom appetizers and pasta dishes for the dinner. The flavors were on point. I specifically loved the mushroom scallop-imitation appetizer and the main truffle pasta dish. The tiramisu dessert also didn't disappoint- the coconut flavor was very refreshing.I also loved the feel of this place. We sat upstairs and it felt like we're in someone's cozy home. The wait staff was nice and welcoming too. It felt good to sit around, eat delicious food, talk with your friends, and enjoy a cup of tea. I'll be back!
#REVIEW#Amazing vegan fine-dining! Wish there was a restaurant like this back home. My first time trying vegan scallops! It was a little bit charred but did not deter from the overall experience. My husband and I also tried the chef's sampler appetizer, it was totally worth it. The salmon tofu was soooo good and the flavors were on point. Hubby had the chicken cordon bleu which was also very tasty. This place is every vegan's dream but all would enjoy.
#REVIEW#Out with my vegan friends they all wanted to check this place out we had an rsvp before catching a show near by. Since we were drinking before coming here no drinks this time we stuck to water. We got the Chef tasting plate to share great tasting bruschetta & empanadas, good tofu & fig quinoa sushi ok & seaweed caviar not a favorite. Main dish I went with the Gnocchi dinner  I must say this was very good great tasting gnocchi nice sauce.  Also tried the Lasagna good as well so was the Rigatoni. The Seitan Scallopini  was very good as well great tasting wine lemon caper sauce along with the truffle mash potatoes & kale. Nice location, 2 floors .. service was good & prices were not bad for a vegan place I really enjoyed my dinner we all did, wouldn't mind coming back.
#REVIEW#I came here for dinner for my birthday with two of my friends. The food was well prepared and the service was great. I enjoyed the artichoke heart and the buffalo croquettes, i didn't really care for the mushroom scallops the dish was a bit bland. We also ordered the tofu, rigatoni and curry stuffed potato. All the entrees were flavorful and satisfying. I would definitely go back, keep in mind the location is popular so a reservation is recommended.
#REVIEW#The food is good--great choices, flavorful, good presentation.  We had the jackfruit tacos and the blossom burgers.  Pricey.
#REVIEW#Absolutely delicious, what a find! As a fledgling vegetarian, I was excited to hunt through the vegetarian options of the city and this place did not disappoint. Great portion sizes, fair prices, lots of creamy dishes but it seemed most were nut based and not dairy based. Our pasta was over cooked but the spaghetti squash dish was out of this world. Nice atmosphere, very close to the Joyce theater so it's great as a date night restaurant to go along with a performance. Not wheelchair accessible from what I could see (one step up to enter and a flight of stairs to get to the restroom). Very friendly staff, they squeezed us in before our performance and were very cheerful.
#REVIEW#I'd eaten from smaller variations on the Blossom theme (...on Carmine, ...du Jour) before dining at the one on 9th. Our vegan pals insisted that it would be the best thing ever, so our expectations were high. It was certainly good, but not nearly as dynamic, fresh, creative, or nutritious as most of the many vegan restaurants that are around now. The food here is of the "comfort" variety: very cooked, breaded, starchy, saucy vegetables and processed veg proteins. My husband ate the special entrée featuring potatoes and seitan that was eerily meat-like in texture and flavor. I had sweet potato stuffed with lentils and eggplant--too filling (and quite like something I commonly prepare at home). We enjoyed the parsnip purée starter (also a special) as well as the risotto croquettes. Expect an excess of sauces and processed tastes that is likely to leave you feeling over-sated! Very good beer and wine menu.The upper-level seating area is acoustically bizarre; I could barely hear the music, but unfortunately caught others' conversations. The lower-level interior seating layout blocks the front entrance, so patrons must enter through a narrow side door that also functions as a passage for waitstaff taking food to upstairs diners. This narrow area is constantly congested by people entering, passing through, and ascending/descending the stairs.Blossom is certainly on the indulgent side of vegan cuisine--more hearty than healthy--but we're thankful for this option in Chelsea. Cheers to all beloved cruelty-free chefs and eaters!
#REVIEW#As a meat-loving omnivore, I normally would not go to a vegan restaurant of my own accord. When my best friend, who is a vegetarian, came to visit, I stumbled upon Blossom on Yelp when looking for a lunch place near the Chelsea Galleries. I absolutely did not miss the meat. + Bilberry nectar ($3) - This was insane - a generous glass filled with bilberry nectar, served with no ice (exactly how I prefer it). I had never heard of bilberry before, so I was intrigued to see that it was related to blueberries. It did taste like blueberry, but with a medicinal and herbal aftertaste that balanced the sweetness very well. I liked that it was a little thick. I would definitely get this again.+ Buffalo risotto croquettes with blue cheese dressing ($13) - I initially thought this was expensive for an appetizer, but I understood why when this came out. There are 3 croquettes, but they are large and filling - totally enough for a medium-sized meal on its own. I can see how they're inspired by buffalo wings, but I actually loved these as their own thing. They were really crispy on the outside, and the risotto inside was permeated with a light spicy flavor. The blue cheese dressing went perfectly.+ Rigatoni ($22) - The description underneath: porcini-cashew cream, leeks, broccoli rabe, pistachio gremolata, truffle oil, caramelized onion & fennel jam crostini. How can you resist? It was by far the most interesting sounding pasta on the menu, and gosh it was tasty. I loved that there was a lot of broccoli rabe - plenty of veggie goodness and bitterness to balance out the creaminess of the sauce. The porcini-cashew cream was lightly creamy and flavorful, and didn't feel heavy the way cream sauces usually do (because it's nut based, I guess, haha). The pistachio gremolata was amazing whenever I got bits of it into my bite. Overall, this dish was fantastic.We had made a reservation for 12:30PM; I'm not sure if a reservation is really necessary because it didn't look very crowded, but it was better to be safe. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal and I'd recommend this even to non-vegans/vegetarians.
#REVIEW#Lowkey feeling you, Blossom! We came here for lunch on the weekend, and was met with delicious vegan fare and awesome service. My favorite thing was their Black-Eyed Pea Cake, akin to potato croquettes with a spicy kick. It's a sensational mix of Yukon gold potatoes and black-eyed peas, topped with a yummy chipotle aioli. Soy Bacon Cheeseburger was good, though the texture was...different. It was a huge patty topped with caramelized onion, vegan mozz, soy bacon, mushrooms, LT, piled high on a potato bun. All this in a vegan burger provided a lovely burst of flavors, and will not leave you for want of meat, interesting texture and all.Strawberry Cheesecake was disappointing though. It had a mixed berry sauce, coconut cookie crust, and was visually beautiful. But the taste was bland and the texture dry and off-putting. They could've done something great with vegan cheesecake, but fell short here.No matter, since Blossom has a large varied menu that I'd happily eat through, and that every type of diner would be sure to find something to enjoy! Great service as well, which is always a plus in my book. **They also have an actual cookbook, filled with 80+ innovative vegan recipes. It's a must-add to any home collection!
#REVIEW#Definitely a must try for vegan and vegetarian diners! They do a wonderful job of giving quality choices and unique takes on classic non vegetarian dishes. The dessert was absolutely amazing and couldn't even believe it was vegan!
#REVIEW#I was so surprised with how delicious this place was! Came here with 2 vegetarians one of whom is pregnant, and as I'm lactose intolerant I felt like vegan would be a safe bet for all of us. The restaurant itself is pretty unassuming, cozy and small without being too crowded. We started off with Ravioli, Maitake Mushrooms and Crispy Artichokes. These three starters were absolutely delicious! I would come back just for the ravioli honestly...  I never get to eat ravioli anymore and it was just so satisfying! The maitake was really good, the eggplant wasn't too smokey and the mushrooms were a good neutral taste and not overwhelming. The crispy artichokes were in a delicious creamy sauce and everything hit the spot. I had the lasagna for my main course. It was really good but I felt like the top layer was too crispy and a bit hard to eat bc of it. I would not hesitate to get it again though! It was still good. For dessert we split the Chocolate Ganache which was so rich and creamy - really decadent and delicious!I can't wait to bring other people here, we had an excellent experience!
#REVIEW#Blossom is one of the best vegan restaurants in the city. Everything here is totally acceptable for a plant based lifestyle. The menu features things like burgers and pasta. It also has a bar. The food is good for the charged price. I had the bacon cheeseburger. It comes with vegan bacon and cheddar on a soy patty. This is about $16 for the burger and fries. It costs more than most burgers. Keep in mind this is a vegan burger made from scratch. It should also be noted at Bareburger you're charged that much and no sides are included. They have a good selection of sides. French fries are good with any burger. They also have dessert, but everything is a hefty price. Good choices all around here. If it's vegan then I'll like it. The price is the only bad thing.
#REVIEW#We picked blossom for our post Valentine dinner. We were seated shortly after we reached the restaurant, pretty much in time for our reservation. The place had a pleasant ambiance and our server was very professional and friendly. Gnocchi was amazing, fresh and creamy at the same time. The entrees were delicious and filling. My husband always complains about portion sizes at nicer restaurants, but I didn't hear any complains this time, that's great news. Overall, really enjoyed our dinner and will definitely go back!!
#REVIEW#Lovely little vegan spot. Enjoyed the port wine seitan for dinner - tremendous flavor!!!   Had the tiramisu for dessert - loved it. Some time ago I discovered I don't actually like the taste of truffle, which is a popular ingredient at vegan and vegetarian restaurants. This menu has a ton of truffle - I think for entrees I had two non-truffle options. If you're in the same boat, would recommend both my entree and dessert - very satisfied.
#REVIEW#Went here the other night for the first time and had a blast!! My party shared several dishes, including appetizers, salads and mains, so I had a great introduction to the variety on this menu. We had the caesar salad, crispy artichokes, bourekas, curried stuffed sweet potato and seitan piccata. Everything was flavorful and rich and creamy, which is a welcome change to my usual palette as a vegan. It's such a privilege to live in a place where vegan fine dining is within my reach. The staff were quite friendly and attentive. Also, do not skip dessert! We had the chocolate ganache and it was delicious. The only complaint I have is that it is a little bit on the pricy side, but the quality of the food almost justifies it. A great place in a great part of the city. Definitely go visit!! I'll be coming back for brunch sometime for sure :)
#REVIEW#The highlight for me at Blossom was the ambiance and ridiculously old looking building that it's located inside of (make sure to take note of it- I almost missed it). As far as food, I think my partner and I may have ordered poorly- but you can learn from our mistakes!We started with the Israeli appetizer. I thought it was not bad but a bit dry and nothing special. We also had the arugula salad which was VERY good. Where we went wrong was with the chefs sampler. We got it because we wanted to try as many things as possible but found that many of the items were either dry or a bit off. The lesson here: go for the vegetables! Our salad was great and I bet that their small plates of vegetable tapas would have been very good.
