#NAME#Bleecker Street Pizza
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bleecker-street-pizza-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#The perfect New York slice!A lot of times I am spectacle of hypes, but this pizza definitely lives up to that hype and shows why it is a neighborhood staple!I had both a white slice and the classic pep slice and I was thoroughly impressed. Ready to go within minutes to appease your hungry belly and get you on your way or to take time to sit down and savor the goodness, they will have you covered.Cooked in an authentic pipping hot pizza oven, as all great pizza should be, these slices have the perfect crisp bottom snap to every bite yet is still able to be folded New York proper. There was also a nice texture to the bottom of the slices which added to that little extra flavor element.Definitely worth the stop be it a detour or must goto destination you decide although I would say it is definitely the latter for me!
#REVIEW#A NY famous Icon. Slices are great here and the staff members are so very friendly. I guess this is the birth place of Nona Pizza. I had no idea. That is a cool piece of historical trivia. I will try a slice of Nona the next time I visit NYC. On today's visit I had a regular slice with sausage, which is my go to Pizza when in town. I also had a fountain soda drink. It was the best slice I had on this visit. What more can one say in a city with hundreds of great pizza places? Hey, I even found a place to charge my phone and a pretty clean working restroom. So 50 more stars for that.
#REVIEW#For my visit into New York, I had to try a slice of famous New York Pizza.  I did some diligent research and among them, I found Bleecker Street Pizza.  This pizza was going to be phenomenal. I just know it since New York sets itself apart on pizza. And well....it was a major disappointment, but it wasn't all bad.When I arrived at lunchtime, no one was there, but it soon picked up.  The lady at the cash register was very helpful especially after I told her I was from Alabama visiting New York for the first time.  She said the pizza they were known for.was the Nonna Maria.  The pizza  had cheese, spinach, and patches of tomato conglomerations.  The slice was big.  It was a pretty good pizza except I wish sauce was distributed evenly on it and was more crispy than I like.My 2nd pizza was the BBQ chicken pizza.  I liked the seasoning of the chicken but this pizza was too dry and crispy for me.  There was some BBQ sauce drizzled across but not enough to save it.So as much hype as Bleecker Street received, it was a disappointment for me.  If there ever is a next time, I should try the more traditional pizza.
#REVIEW#This is a good pizza spot.  I got a slice of sausage, and it was good.  They did not have any white pizza when I was there, which is what I was really in the mood for, but things happen.If you need a quick bite in the West Village, this is a very good option.
#REVIEW#Out of all the pizza that I had during my trip (and I had a lot) Bleecker Street was my favorite.I ordered the nonna Maria ($3.50) which seems to be their most popular and it was so good! The bottom crust is so crispy and thin that I literally heard a crunch when biting into it. I loved the cheese and the sauce as well. It was just a perfect slice of pizza. I debated getting another slice because it was so good but refrained because I had a dinner that night. Also, check in on Yelp to get a free soda so you can wash down the pizza!They've been rated best pizza before and I can see why. I am dreaming of the day I can come back and get another slice or two of that.
#REVIEW#On weekend trips into the City I Always stop at Ben's and have been FOR YEARS, I mean YEARS... I like it there but it was just my usual spot... OMG - thats going to change, so the other day when in the city I knew instead of Ben's, I needed to try something new & the last time I stopped at Caliente Cab this place was jumping so I wanted to go there to check it out. SO GLAD I DID... This might have single - handedly been the best slice of pizza I have EVER HAD!!! It was soo good, there are way too many options to choose and they dont make you feel touristy when you ask what is on EVERY slice, Ok, Maybe I didnt ask about every slice, but the few I did ask about - they answered without attitude! Cant wait to come back to get more pizza, Might actually plan a trip real soon just to come get pizza (Ive been known to drive from Boston to NYC just for food before!)
#REVIEW#Best pizza slice I've ever had! Best $11 I've ever spent in my foodie life! That Nonna Maria slice is no joke. So fresh, flavorful, and perfect combination of crispy and chewy! They must put magic in it because the hype is real! I think it's top 3 pizzas in NYC! If John's Pizza is too busy across the st, then come here asap! I think the pizza is better here. Loved it! Nothing fancy inside but you will leave happy and satisfied!My bro and I were the 1st customers of the day. Greg was super friendly and greeted/welcomed us. What a pleasure.
#REVIEW#So tasty and enjoyable after walking around the area. Nice service, too! We got a margarita slice and pepperoni chicken slice with a drink ($9.75). The chicken one was so heavy, filling, and delicious! My Margarita slice treated like childhood to me. A great experience, especially since, at being in NYC for World Pride for two weeks already, we haven't had a true NYC slice yet. We love this place!
#REVIEW#Delicious pizza in heart of Greenwich Village!Stopped by for a slice after walking around the village and hit the spot washed it down with a ginger ale. It was so good I had to have another slice. This place is busy, but the team gets everyone through quickly.I can see why this is voted as one of the best slices of pizza in town on Food Network, New York Post and many other outlets.Stop by for fantastic slice when you're in NYC!
#REVIEW#The pizza here is amazing, the crust is fantastic and the price is perfect!!! The service was fast and accurate. The variety of pizza was there and each slice was delicious!! I would highly recommend this pizza joint anytime!!
#REVIEW#Decided to go on a pizza hopping tour today to try out some of the best pizza places in NYC, our first stop is the Bleecker Street Pizza. We got a slice of the infamous Nonna Maria Pizza, mushroom, and meat lovers. Nonna Maria pizza is amazing, the sauce is perfect...I taste the tomato, cheese, just enough sourness for my liking (pretty addicting). The meat lover is not bad either, it has bacon, sausage, and chicken...it was crunchy and tasty. Mushroom was ok, don't care for it. There's a group of tourist there ordered a pie of the Nonna Maria Pizza.
#REVIEW#One of the best slices in the city! I tried the Nonna Maria. It definitely lives up to the hype. The crust is thin and crispy.. the actual pizza had the perfect balance of cheese with sauce and the basil added extra flavor. Everything about this pizza was amazing. My only complaint is that one slice is just not enough. Apparently they recently expanded so there is more seating inside.
#REVIEW#Probably one of the best pizza around. I had a pepper with bacon slice and a regular slice. The regular slice was fresh out of the oven. The sauce and the cheese and bread made it almost perfect. The bread is nice and crispy. The pepper and bacon was delicious as well. Bill came out to 7.25 for both. $3 for the regular and $4.25 for the specialty slice. Line was long but it moved quick. By the way they redid the place so now it's much bigger and had more room. Should've taken a pic.
#REVIEW#Delicious pizza! Stopped in on a Tuesday afternoon and service was quick and the food was great. 10/10 would recommend! Maybe get it delivered too!Service was nothing to write home about and they don't have cups for water for free, but instead bottled water for purchase in case that's helpful to know
#REVIEW#Best I tried in NY ..We traveled to NY for one reason and that was to pizza crawl.Slice after slice we tried for days looking for the NY pizza we heard about our whole lives, you know what I am talking about if you live out of state, NY style is the best that is all you here from people that live or lived in NYWell we finally hit one that was good and and I will say this was one of the best we had in NY, crispy,flavorful, etc.We had just left the place around the corner that we heard was the best (which was not) and you have to order a whole pizza there it is a RIP OFF IMO.But I am from out of town so maybe if I lived here and had so many pizza places to eat at I might think differently.Another thing I have noticed after trying many pizzas in NY it seems the crust is an after thought, meaning most I would not want to eat , here though the crust was good. The reason I bring it up is , if I am paying $2 to $6 a slice depending where I go I want to eat the whole slice crust and all. I do  not think it would be to much to ask to brush some butter or something on it .
#REVIEW#I have tried Joe's, BSP and Front Street Pizza's slices of white pizza. Some may not agree but the award goes to BSP. The crust is not burnt and baked just right. It was very tasty with the right amount of cheese on it and was not overloaded nor short on cheese. There's plenty of tables to sit or stand for a meal. I have not tried other flavors.
#REVIEW#The Nonna Maria is The DREAM Slice! I also was there when they had a 2 slices for $1 using Apple Pay which was ridiculous! Seriously, this pizza will make you crave it all the time--yes, it's that dangerous.
#REVIEW#Great for gluten free!!!! Can not express enough how much I appreciated this gluten free New York style pizza! It was delicious and my little brother got the regular style and said it was also fantastic! Quick friendly service and cheap!!
#REVIEW#Very filling and best of all, it's cheap! Will definitely be returning again in the very new future!
#REVIEW#In on Friday night around 7PM for a few quick slices - very busy time so the scene was a little more chaotic than normal (it is always busy, so this was just extra busy).  They were definitely running behind and had no slices of any kind ready and announced a wait time of 25 minutes.  Some very upset folks had apparently been waiting longer than that and many were leaving as we got there after having voiced their displeasure about the wait (one said 2 hours for a pie, the other an hour for a slice).  We debated staying but since there was a spot available for us to sit, we figured we would roll the dice.  The inside is extremely cramped so don't plan on getting too comfortable.  I was surprised to see a very nice selection of beer in their cooler, which instantly made the wait more tolerable (I never actually sat inside before - always had my slices outside). I grabbed a Left Hand Brewing Milk Stout and the 20 minutes or so passed easily, and the slices did come out right around when they said they would.The pizza is a very good traditional NY slice with plenty of cheese and the grease that goes with it.  Our was piping hot and on a very cold Friday, tasted extra good. All in all things worked out fine for us, but I know it didn't for others and this place is most definitely hit and miss on the service side, much of it volume driven.  If you like a good slice, it's worth it, especially if you hit it at the right time.
