#NAME#Lillie's Victorian Establishment
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lillies-victorian-establishment-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bars,gastropubs,burgers#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#First, ambiance. This place has it by the bucket load. There's so much to take in about this place from the ceilings to the antiqued mirrors to the art work and bar, it's a visual symphony that will keep you entertained throughout your stay.The food is outstanding. This was my second visit and I was with two friends. The nacho appetizer was incredible. Our sandwiches were utterly amazing and the drinks were on point.As for service, the wait staff checked in frequently enough that we didn't lack for anything without being annoying. They were friendly and helpful.Oh, and the music. Awesome. It was mostly 80s, but my friends and I loved it. This is a great place to unwind after work. It's also a cool and relaxing lunch spot mid-day as well.We love this place and plan to make it our regular spot on every trip to New York.
#REVIEW#I wanted to like this place, but while I am head over heels in love with the decor [minus the fact they've located the bathroom in the middle of the restaurant], and our server was a cheerful individual with a ready quip or three, we were overall disappointed enough with the food options that we bailed to go eat elsewhere. Frankly? The menu is rather boring.The cocktails are not, I grant you, and we both had a pair before we scarpered, but the food offerings failed to raise any sort of interest from a one of us. Of the half dozen, I specifically remember liking the Sage Advice and the Harvest Collins, and all of us being a bit... I'm not sure I have the words. I ordered a Bleak Marg-Winter because it sounded interesting, but per the waitress' warning, the thing really does taste... Bleak. I don't know how the y managed to do that to what's basically a fancy grapefruit margarita, but it -was- and I am still baffled.So... maybe we were just in a mood? If the food looks good to you, the drinks are decent and the service is good, go enjoy the place properly.
#REVIEW#This place honestly feels like something out of a movie - it is so absolutely perfect in every way! We popped in looking for something near the theatre district without being "so stereotypical and touristy" - this place had been on my radar to try for awhile and I am so glad we came!We arrived on Friday a bit later in the afternoon, and they were still offering an amazing lunch combo special - an entree and a beverage for a steal. We jumped on that and also tried several of their craft cocktails. AMAZING. Would definitely recommend - the food was great and the drinks were even better! Our server was amazing and was able to navigate our growing table size with ease and without issue. All food / drink requests were handled perfectly and we all left saying we would definitely be coming back on our next visit!
#REVIEW#Came here to warm up a bit during a rain storm. Sat at the bar and ordered the old fashioned. I can't attest for anything else because I was here for like 25 minutes max, but my old fashioned was delicious and well made. The only thing that bugged me was the ice choice that it was served with. The atmosphere is lovely here as well. It's so warm and cozy. I imagine its lovely during Christmas.
#REVIEW#We've always enjoyed our meals here in an amazing Victorian atmosphere. Whether it's dessert for appetizer or nachos for main, we've had great experiences. Last time, my wonderful wife ordered an incredible drink made with burnt rosemary. Wow! Enjoy the show and life is good!
#REVIEW#Came here after midnight last Tuesday. My boyfriend was in the city and we had one too many margaritas and we both wanted something sweet. What a great find!! Place is open late and really nice atmosphere. The place wasn't dead but it was packed at 12:45 am on a Tuesday. We seated ourselves at one of the booths. The place is decorated a bit overly Victorian. And I really really liked it. We waited a bit then realized there was no servers lol. Went up to the bar and got a menu, ordered quickly. Everything came out quickly as well. We ordered a cappuccino (ok, nothing special). I ordered the white peach tea, which came served in a personal teapot and filled about 4 cups and pretty good. We ordered the chocolate cake, which was surprisingly good, would deff order again. The macaroons were ridiculously fresh and ridiculously good! I was pleasantly surprised that a bar had such good quality especially so late in the evening. Can't wait to try this place for happy hour or for brunch.
#REVIEW#Stumbled in here while waiting for a show. This spot is beautiful upon arrival. Very nice victorian decor. Pretty busy for a Tuesday evening as well. I ordered the chicken sandwich with fries which was not the best. Just some regular pub food spot. Not the highest quality. The chicken was barely flavored. The fries were a bit mushy.  And the cost of the food, forget it! This place is a tourist trap in my opinion. Definitely other places around worth tour money. I honestly wouldve rathered chain food than this. The drinks were great! They didnt skimp on the alcohol pour. Service was iffy. I had to call our waitress over each time instead of her coming over to check to us.I probably would come here for happy hour or something but its nothing to be hyped about
#REVIEW#Awesome place great vibe it looks ancient but is only 7 years old!!!!!Can't wait to go back and grab a bite. It's def a place you'll want to have at least a drink to see. It will take a while to look at all the decor. So go and take it in you'll be pleasantly surprised.
#REVIEW#I give this place 5 stars because the place itself is beautiful. We don't have anything like this in Hawaii. At night it's dinner and a bar, they have great cocktails. Atmosphere is great and beautiful.  The service was great from hostess to the servers. I wish I had a chance to experience is the Afternoon Tea they have from noon to 4pm, since that's my thing. For dinner I had the mussels and it was delicious. I wanted to try a few more things but the mussels were enough for me. I will have to come back and experience all over again. My experience was amazing, thank you.
#REVIEW#This is such a popular restaurant especially during the Christmas holiday. Decided to grab a bite to eat here with a friend before seeing a show. We were lucky enough to get a high seated table near the entrance of the place. No sooner we ordered and the swarm of people were rolling in. I visited during the peak of the season. I love the space decked out in Chris flare & the Victorian furnishings & decor. The place definitely can transport you back to 1870 when this type of furnishings was in high demand by high society. The food options is kind of slim yet did share two items that were good not great. The gimme s'mores drink was my favorite and packed some punch too.  Will give them another try one day for brunch and compare the food quality with dinner.
#REVIEW#Definitely a fan, Brandon the bartender was great and even got to try a mezcal cocktail made by him. I can not wait to come back and try more of the cocktail menu. Once you step in you will definitely enjoy the decor and atmosphere of the bar. I also want to come back and try the food.
#REVIEW#Went to this place a few times and never disappoint when it's came to drinks .... last visit was previous Friday after dinner we went in and plan to have one drink but ends up stay much longer than expected. The bartenders are very friendly and entertaining, he has me tasted all those great drinks he mixed while we sat at the bar... Thanks to Lalo (sorry if  I spelled your name wrong) and his colleague who's tending the bar that night ... they turned our evening to a great fun!!! promise to go back again soon
#REVIEW#We stopped in for a late lunch after landing in LGA and checking into our nearby hotel.  We pretty much had the place to ourselves as they were between rush times. However, we were taken well care of and thoroughly enjoyed high tea which they offer until 4pm. Very relaxing and quiet lunch. Staff was also very friendly. :)
#REVIEW#Came here for drinks. Super pretty place that has Christmas decorations all year round! This place fills up fast, so try making reservations.Super friendly staff and they are very accommodating. Very nice top bar with tons of top shelf liquor.
#REVIEW#This is the cutest little bar in Midtown! Everything about it is great. I love the cocktails, the ambience and even though they are so busy the service is impeccable. Special mention for their tea service, It's a delightful experience and a must try for everyone! However I have never tried the food here so no comment on that!
#REVIEW#Beautiful, Victorian decor . Stopped by for lunch and shared the penne alla vodka and a burger. Food is fine, nothing offensive however nothing to write home about. The establishment is spacious and offers a variety of dishes and drinks. It's a pretty version of a restaurant/ bar. Seems to be a destination good for pre-theater of after work happy hour. Good service provided by the courteous and attentive staff.
#REVIEW#This felt like something out of A Christmas Carol. I adored the gorgeous, slightly offbeat 19th century tea room atmosphere, which they amped up tenfold for the holidays. Eff Rolf's who won't even pick up their phone - come here for your brunchy holiday cheer.We came at around noon on Christmas Eve, and their novelty Christmas drinks were delicious. I tried several of the warm spiked s'more drinks, along with a few of the Night to Remember, which was more reminiscent of eggnog.My stomach's been sensitive lately so I just ordered some simple penne with pesto for my food; it was cooked perfectly al denté and not too greasy like most pesto dishes are.The cheesecake was simple, but satisfied.Only taking a way a star for notably inattentive service.
#REVIEW#Came here with my girlfriend for lunch. She wanted to come here because of the interior and she's been having somewhat of a British fever. The interior of this restaurant was really cute. The reason i give it 3 stars is i can see this place being great for a bar night to have a few drinks and chill, but for just lunch, it was average. I got a shepard pie and it was okay. My girlfriend got a burger and they didnt even ask how she wanted it cooked. In short, come for the interior and atmosphere, not for the food.
#REVIEW#What more could be said about Lillie's? This bar is huge, extremely crowded, overly festive, and overwhelmingly decorated. If it's your first time there, you can't help but say "wow" when you enter. It's one of those places! Think Rolf's, but bigger. I only came to hang by the bar with friends, so I didn't try food. It's a great place to hang out with a small group of people, especially coworkers after work. If you want to sit for a meal, you must get reservations, as the wait is about an hour. Also, be warned that it's incredibly loud during the evening, so you'll be shouting in other people's faces to be holding a conversation. Overall, it's definitely a sight to check out once, and it's worth going out of your way for, but it's very touristy, so just know what you're getting yourself into before agreeing to meet people here.
#REVIEW#We were just here for drinks so this review is based solely on the bar and the crazy decorations. It was very busy when we stumbled upon this warm bar, but we weren't disappointed. I got a tequila, grapefruit and elder flower drink, which was very well-balanced and quite delicious. Oftentimes, the grapefruit overpowers the drink, but not in this case. We also got a cedar-smoked old fashion, and it was very cool to see them light a piece of cedar on fire to smoke the glass up; it smelled delicious.The Christmas decorations are so over the top it's amusing, but it is tastefully done. They have a big blow up bear waving at you in the entrance. I'll be back when Christmas fever is over hopefully.
