#NAME#Ootoya Chelsea
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ootoya-chelsea-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Lunch at Ootoya is SUCH a well needed break from your basic NYC brunch scene. We all get a liiiittle tired of eggs benedict, french toast and even the up and coming shakshuka everyone once in a while. Ootoya offers plenty of alternative options: from sushi, katsu, udon, to grilled fish and even hot pot. Most recently I got the Katsu Toji Set. The sets come with rice, steamed egg (love), pickles and miso soup. The Katsu Toji is basically deep fried pork katsu on top of...how do I explain it...a stewy, omelette. It tastes better than it sounds, promise. It's packed with flavor and crunch and warms up your tum tum real good. The ambience is a nice change of pace as well, none of the obnoxiously loud brunching and shoulder to shoulder seating. Just a great place to catch up with friends over a delicious meal.
#REVIEW#Solid 3.5 starsLikes:- It's a no tipping restaurant with friendly service- The yakitori is SO deliciousNot a fan of:- High quality ingredients are used, but the average flavours and smaller portions may not justify the high pricesMy friend who has been living in New York City took me to this no tipping izakaya and I enjoyed the overall experience.Your entire party has to be present before they seat you. With a reservation, we were taken to our table promptly. Service was attentive, we were given warm towels before the meal and although they were closing at 10pm, our server told us to take our time.We ordered the following:- Yakitori set (USD$25) - The set came with 3 skewers: asparagus and enoki mushrooms, both wrapped in pork belly, and chunks of juicy marinated pork belly. This was my favourite dish of the night. Every component was done well. The vegetables were perfectly cooked. The pork belly had just the right amount of seasoning, topped off with a subtle smokey flavour. I already miss this.- Salmon, tofu and veggies soy milk hot pot (USD$26) with rice, miso soup and pickles set (USD$3) - The soy milk broth was slightly thicker than I expected. We were glad we ordered rice on the side as the soup alone would have been a bit too salty. The tofu here is handmade but I didn't really notice much difference. Overall, I enjoyed the fresh and high quality ingredients, but I probably wouldn't order this again.- Small Kaisen Don (USD$25) - I prefer the hot dishes over the cold ones. I could tell quality ingredients were used and the sushi rice was pretty good, but nothing to write home about. The bowl came with 5 pieces of sashimi, ebi, fish roe and tamago.  The ingredients are of good quality, but I didn't find much wow factor in the flavours to justify the smaller portions and relatively high prices (especially when converted to Canadian dollars!) However, I really liked the yakitori. I am already thinking about my next visit even at USD$8 per skewer!
#REVIEW#First, it's a no tipping restaurant with good service and environment.Food is good as expected. You can try many traditional Japanese hot food here like Katsu Toji.The only downside is that their "Join the line"system with yelp doesn't work. We calculated time and join the list from yelp in advance but we found that it's  not working at all.
#REVIEW#The front door is a bit tiny compare to the surrounding building.  You can easily miss it especially if you are not paying attention. Luckily we have some very hungry ppl looking out for this. Key thing here is portion to price ratio. I honestly think for the price we aren't getting much in quantity but more in quality. For example, the salmon bowl and soba is only enough for about 2 bites if share with four people. We had that as appetizer and I think why in the world we just ate. Portion is a big problem. Since we are here for the quality of food and service, I will say my dinner is amazing. Either this location or one by the Greenwich, their standard doesn't lack. I have a salmon soup with the set. Do you honest need to charge $1 extra for multi grain rice? Is $30+ per entree not enough already? Best of all they don't charge tip but just tax. This is a non tipping restaurant and the service I can say is 5 star all the way. Waiter gave us warm towels, tea and smile. Food is delicious. I wish I ordered the beed soup bowl instead as they have the mushroom I wanted and the broth is out of this world. Do try this place a few times and definitely a third or fourth date to place to impress. Overall expect for $60 per person which is normal for a nice dinner in this area.
#REVIEW#You can make reservation or walk in.  We initially had a reservation for a Saturday at 11:30am but canceled it because we woke up late and would not make it on times.  Once we were ready, we called to see how long the line was at 12ish and they said there's no wait!  We got there in less than 5 mins of walking since we stayed at the W New York in Union Square.  We were immediately greeted by the host and walked to the high chair bar.  The atmosphere was very nice and comfortable.  The restaurant looked clean and the host was pleasant.  We were offered hot towels to clean our hands and the menu to look at.  After a long time of debating which one to order, we decided to go with an appetizer mini salmon sashimi, the "beef sukiyaki nabe set", and "katsu don with cold soba set". The beef sukiyaki was salty for me but the beef quality was very good!  My boyfriend enjoyed the katsu don with cold boba set and the mini salmon sashimi. He said the salmon sashimi was very very good! For dessert, we got an order of matcha ice cream with matcha jelly in milk and sugar syrup and an order of almond milk tofu! Both was very refreshing.
#REVIEW#Came here for a Saturday date night. Made a reservation which I highly recommend because this place is very busy and there will be quite a wait, even at 8:30pm on a Saturday you'll be waiting at least 20 mins for a table. Was seated immediately upon arrival. The restaurant is 2 levels and we were seated on the first floor near the bar. Appetizer: edamame- good, nothing different from any other edamame, although the presentation was nice. Main course:Salmon saikyo yaki- comes with grilled salmon, miso soup, white rice, house-made pickled vegetables, grated radish, and seaweed. Everything was very good and very fresh. I loved the marinade that was used on the salmon. Dessert:The sampler dish- I don't remember the exact name but it came with matcha ice cream, cheesecake (lemon flavor I believe) and one other dish that I do not remember what it was called but it was similar to a jell-o. Liked the ice cream and cheese cake the most. Really enjoyed it here. Service was very friendly. I will say that the desert took a while to get to us which was odd but other than that I enjoyed my time here and highly recommend this place - just make sure to make a reservation!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Thursday evening, right after work. My friend made a reservation here and said it was the only place she liked to eat in Chelsea. Hot towels at the beginning (although I had asked for it to be brought later because I had to run to the restroom and wanted it to be hot, but staff ignored me), and menus served right after.I got the beef sukiyaki nabe on its own and shared a 4-piece gyoza ($6) with my friend. The gyoza was waaaay too oily and wasn't great. Flavors were really murky. I'd skip the gyoza.This shallow bowl of sukiyaki ran me $31, and if you want the set with rice, it's $3 extra. Maybe it's because I'm visiting from LA, but where I'm from, you can get unlimited wagyu beef at shabu for that price, AND it comes with a pasteurized raw egg. I didn't think the sukiyaki nabe was particularly memorable when I got it, and there were way too many onions and not enough actual vegetables in it. Kinda salty, considering they charge the rice on the side (which is whack!!!).Very nice decor, unfortunately they seated us right in front of the kitchen even though the restaurant wasn't busy yet. As a result, all I could smell (and all I smelled like after leaving) was deep fry and whatever other oily smells were coming from the kitchen. No thanks.
#REVIEW#After 3 years, this is still my favorite place for soba, they have the best tasting soba and dipping broth!
#REVIEW#Ootoya is a dimly lit restaurant. Nice atmosphere. Hot heater. I love coming here because of the multiple Japanese style items with sets. (Only the Chelsea location has sets, not the one near 11th street, and I'm not sure about Times Square, though it's been awhile since I've been.)While it may seem tiny, there's actually seating near the back, seating at the bar, and upstairs! Don't worry if you're waiting for 6 parties ahead of you. It'll take 20 minutes at most, or just ask for seating at the bar.I really like the updated menu. The titles are labeled clearly whether it's mixed rice, fish, soup, or yakitori/bbq style. I ordered the kimchi nabe without a set and with a plain egg custard for $2. I always recommend getting the set because it comes with rice, miso soup, and an extra dish. I also highly recommend the egg custard because it's a velvety soft delicacy you can't find anywhere else. I couldn't finish the dish, so I was able to get it to go.The dishes are a bit pricy, but I can see why. Each dish seems to be made with care and is plated nicely with the main entree in stone, and sides in their own cozy plastic containers. The egg custard was actually in a ceramic jar that resembled a honey jar. Absolutely adorable!You can also ask for free hot tea if you so desire & remember, no tips allowed ;)
#REVIEW#I came here on the recommendation of a friend. I've tried to make a reservation, but the policy charges you $10 per person if you don't show, so we just walked in and added our names to the list. As we flipped through the menu two of my friends commented that the menu had changed since they had last been and that the prices were significantly higher than last time. They also took out the chawanmushi egg out of the fixed set. I ended up ordering the pork katsu Toji set. It's pretty sad that a pork katsu dish for $25 doesn't even come with standard white rice(most of the cooked protein dishes don't come with rice). At $28 it was a pretty steep price to pay. The pork katsu itself was really dry, and it was even difficult to cut the long strips with the utensils I was given. I must say, the sauce and the egg that came surrounding the katsu were sweet and delicious, and the miso soup in the set was super good as well. This restaurant is a no tipping restaurant so I guess ~20% of the cost is already baked into the price. Certain parts of the set were good, but the main course itself was not worth coming back for.
#REVIEW#You can tell the chefs and staff at Ootoya really care about their product and service. The interior is calm and inviting, with a bar on the first floor and seating area extending to the second. My friends and I were seated promptly upstairs, allowing us to see the decor from above, and were first offered a warm towelette which felt amazing after the harsh cold of the New York winter night. Someone in the group had a cold and opted for a warm shochu drink mixed with tea, which was an excellent choice.The menu is quite diverse, occupied with sashimi to grilled fish. I decided to go for the salmon sashimi, as I had already eaten lightly before; I was initially worried the plate would be too small but the serving of salmon pieces were not only very fresh but surprisingly large. My friend's grilled butterfish looked equally amazing, and I would be interested in ordering that next time I visit. Ootoya was a great place to eat and catch up with friends over light drinks!
#REVIEW#Came here twice. Last time, party of two. Food was great and felt pure/straightforward, and service was on par. Got the katsu bowl set which had a nice flavor profile, as well as a variety of appetizers. Portion was good, and I enjoyed the presentation and variety with a bowl set. Service then was great. Server was attentive despite being a full house.Second time was Easter Sunday where we made a reservation for 4. Was seated at the mezzanine, and, man this was by far one of the worst dining experiences I had in NYC. Don't get me wrong- the food was great as expected, but the management and timing made this experience a very disappointing experience. Two of our guests got food at least 30 mins before our other two guests. They effectively finished their meals before even received our meals. The server was very negligent in advocating for us, and practically ignored us. It was clear that she was overwhelmed, which was understandable .. I suppose this is why this establishment is tip free. Bottom line: food is great but service is a toss up. Perhaps come here with a smaller party? I saw plenty of party of 1-2 being served before us. They offered a free dessert to compensate for the time delay, but a mistake like this should not be tolerated, and certainly not in a moderately good caliber restaurant chain as Ootaya. For that, I do not plan to return.
#REVIEW#TL;DR:  Solid + authentic if generic Japanese food, large portions for entrees, family friendly, very long wait.  Chaotic hostess system.  No tip establishment.It's always been a long wait at any of the Ootoya's around the city, which are popular with families for being stroller/kids friendly.NOTE THAT THEY RECENTLY CHANGED THE MENU (last week I'm told).  In the dinner menu, my favorites are still Kaisen Don and Hanabi Don (both chirashi bowls).  I think the prices are now higher with the new menu?Portions are big (though it seems they're a little smaller than before with the new menu change).  Everything is set based, as in comes in with various sides which seems helpful for people who can't figure out what to order at Japanese restaurants.Food is good and authentic but somewhat generic with a chain resto vibe, as far as Japanese food goes.  (In other cities I would be really happy with it but New York has a LOT of very good choices for Japanese).Service is tolerable, friendly but make sure to come with a lot of time to spare.  The hostess situation at the front is a bit of a mess.  The most recent time I went, it was about 10 minutes before an actual person showed up (despite there being 20 people crammed into the tiny waiting area), only to tell me they didn't have a table even though I had a Yelp reservation that said my table was ready.  Seemed like staff was running around in chaos trying to sort out table situations during my entire meal.... Overall I would say, if there is a compelling reason, do go, but for me, not sure if worth the effort to eat here given the multitude of other choices in nearby St. Marks.
#REVIEW#Got the oyako don with gyoza to start. It was really only alright, the meat was pretty good but the whole dish had very little flavor... nothing stood out. The gyoza felt like I could've grabbed a bag of frozen gyoza from Trader Joe's and it would've been just as good. Kind of a disappointment... did like that tip was included though.
#REVIEW#I used to come here frequently and I came back recently. The service went downhill. They don't come check to see if the foods were good or if we needed to order more things. Basically, came to get your drink order then meal order then dessert. That's basically the only time I see the waiter come by and let's not forget the check! I had the beef sukiyaki, it was ok. The beef was all stuck together like a ball of beef. Got the dessert box. The mochi was a little bitter because of the sauce they use. The yuzu cheesecake was ok. Overall, it's not a place I would go out of my way to dine in.
#REVIEW#I've been here twice now and I am just not that impressed. I thought I would give it another shot with my friend this evening, but Ootoya still didn't quite meet expectations. I will say however that the salmon sushi dish was excellent, but everything else was a bit average or subpar. The meat was gamey and/or overly fatty. The jelly drink we ordered was only half drink and mostly jelly, with nothing to scoop out the jelly with. I just wish this place was a bit better.
#REVIEW#After searching for good Japanese restaurant on Yelp and seeing that there are over 1300 reviews of this restaurant, I have decided to give it a shot.  Out of all the food we ordered, cold soba noodle was the best dish and 3 other people who I went with all agreed.  I personally ordered assorted sashimi on rice.  Salmon was very fresh and yummy but that was about it.  My girlfriend ordered sukiyaki and meat was vet chewy.  Almost felt like they used very low grade meat on this dish.  All the other dishes were average at best.  Probably will not visit here again since it did not give me "wow" experience and there are many other Japanese options in the city which I need to try.
#REVIEW#I feel very sad for Ootoya.Ootaya was once my first choice when I got visitors from other cities. However, I found an obvious drop in food quality during my recent experiences in Ootaya. My favorite dish, Salmon Touya Nabe, no longer include Ootaya's homemade tofu. Instead, some tofu looked like supermarket merchandise. Before that, the pumpkin in this dish has already been taken off. My guest still gave good reviews on the dishes (Fortunately!), but I don't think regular customers like me would be statisfied like we were. I should implement that their service is nice as before, but in the long term Ootaya would lose people who once loved it unless it stops the drop in quality.
#REVIEW#We waited about 40 minutes to get a table. Its a cute little place that reminds me of a scene in a movie. We ordered washu beef, tororo Seiro Soba, mini kaisen Don, miso tonkatsu hijiki, and mini udon. For drinks, we ordered kakkaisan sake and kuromitsu tonyu. The sake was really smooth. Kuromitsu tonyu reminds me of a barley drink. The washu beef was amazing. It's super tender and flavorful. The soba was quite yummy also. Very simple but yet the grated potato and dipping sauce is very refreshing with the chewy soba. The miso tonkatsu was ordinary and not worth $27. My little girl had 3 bowls of just udon with seaweed. The awesome thing about the restaurant is that they don't accept tips.
#REVIEW#Service: GreatQuantity: FairCleanliness: GoodFood: Salmon Ikura Don with Cold SobaGlad I was able to give this place a try, I have walked by this location a few times. Large space with many seatings available, very friendly service with non-tipping policy.I ordered Salmon Ikura Don with cold soba. Fresh salmon sashimi with generous ikura over rice. I also requested extra wasabi to mix in the soba dipping sauce. Perfectly cooked soba noodle goes so well with the cold dipping sauce, a very refreshing taste! It also comes with a bowl of miso soup and a cup of stewing egg.Now I have another location to visit besides Soba-ya. Even it's a non-tipping restaurant. The cost is about the same compared to other soba restaurants. This restaurant does provide many more options to choose from, and I would definitely visit again.
