#NAME#Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gyu-kaku-japanese-bbq-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,bbq,asianfusion#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I've always loved Gyu-kaku for the food, but this time, it's for the food and the service. Our server Lexa deserves a special shoutout and appreciation from everyone because she is freaking amazing. Despite how busy it was, she was always checking on us, and we never had to wait more than 4 minutes to have our grill changed - which is amazing- cause I've eaten here a lot that it sometimes takes 10-15 minutes just for a quick change. They have all day happy hour at the bar, so I ordered myself and 2 of my friends drinks, and a shiitake fried rice and paid $22 which is NOTHING given how much rice it was...+ 3 drinks! At our table, we ordered: Kirin pitcher + large house sake (for makeshift ratchet sake bombs) Sukiyaki bibimbap2 bistro hanger steak w/miso marinadePremium sirloin w/ sweet soy marinadeKalbi in a tare marinadeToro beef w/ shio white marinade2 spicy pork Broccoli We ate everything, but were full by the time we got to the pork so order accordingly! Those three sauces at your table - USE IT! and only in your little sauce container. Sweet soy + spicy are my favorite. Also, we actually had so much sake left over we ordered a mega mug of Kirin which is basically like a slightly smaller pitcher. 3 more friends actually joined us so we were able to finish it!
#REVIEW#My mother & I were visiting all the way from California, we decided to try this place as it was walking distance from our hotel & we had just flown in! Needless to say it was an awesome choice! The location was easy to find, I loved the Japanese ambiance & dim lighting...We sat at the bar & were taken care of immediately! Our waitress was a very sweet young girl who knew very little English but had an amazing memory and could understand very well. She smiled and joked with us, it was nice...The food was 10/10 for us both! The bim bim bap is a must try! The appetizers were presented beautifully and tasted just as amazing! We tried a few other places bim bim bap and they won by a landslide! Our drinks were strong and looked gorgeous! My mother ordered the geisha & I ordered some Chardonnay...They tasted fresh & so yummy! The prices were very reasonable surprisingly! Especially with how amazing the food tastes! We would be highly recommend eating here and will surely return! A true must try!!
#REVIEW#Went here the other day to finally try this place.  There was a little wait to sit down.  So I sat by the bar to get a drink.   And to my surprise the bar area offers half price alcohol all day which was amazing. $6 makers mark. In the city!  Great deal!!  But those prices are only available for the bar area.  After a couple drinks the table was ready it was bitter sweet because the drinks were going down nice.  Sat down on and Be my waitress was really helpful and very nice.  I order the chicken thighs ($6) and skirt steak ($11.50) I also ordered garlic noodles ($9) and cashu rice bowl ($5.50). Everything was good but very small portions.  It was nice to grill you own food.  The garlic noodles had great flavor and the noodles had great texture. The cashu bowl was Also very tasty. I would order them two items again.  The chicken and steak was good but I would have liked more.  Great spot to eat and drink at the bar area. The grilling was nice but overrated.
#REVIEW#What a truly awesome experience. This was my first time at any type of Japanese BBQ restaurant and it was so much fun! We went during Valentines Day so they had some really good specials. We opted for one that was around 80 bucks for the both of us including one alcoholic drink each. It was really a fantastic price. My friend got the hot sake and I opted for a mimosa. They brought out some really delicious miso soup and a fresh crispy salad with a great dressing. It was so light and worked well with the veggies. The spicy tuna volcano!!! Oh my goodness, that might have been my favorite dish of the night. I would definitely go back and just get a few orders of that. So so good! The meats started rolling out, filet mignon, ribeye, basil chicken, shrimp, a ton of other beef options that I've forgotten but were very good. We also got a side of mushrooms that were delicious. The other reason this place is so great is the service. They couldn't have come around more often to check on us! So courteous and thoughtful. They changed our grill whenever we needed, always recommended grill times and were just overall very attentive. For dessert, our meal option came with a vanilla ice cream with salted coffee syrup. It was great. Overall, such a neat experience. Great ambience in this restaurant and just a fun time. Can't recommend it enough.
#REVIEW#Very fast ,customer service at its finest , presentation was everything for me , and the Chicken in the garlic with the lemon dip fantastic , definitely a spicy guy , I definitely had a fun experience leading going on a blind date . Thank you for the amazing dinner guys . #Bonapetite #HappyWorldPrideMonth
#REVIEW#So this is my second time going here. The first time I could not remember the name. I had to wait on a friend to give me the location again. They have happy hour pretty much all night long. The drinks are so good, great price, and well sized. I have not had a chance to try the food but I have had the miso soup. That is one of my favorites!! They have a constant flow of traffic, really busy place. We had such a great time. People that come in are extremely friendly and are looking just to have a good time. Just a FYI...If sitting at the bar, you pay as you order. I really do mind.
#REVIEW#The food is still pretty good but the service and ambiance has changed.  They went through a renovation to widen the surface area of the bar for some reason.  Now if you happen to be sitting there you can expect to be interrupted every minute or so because they still left it as a pathway for the service staff and anyone who wants to walk towards the exit.If that wasnt bad enough it seems like they either have less staff or they are just less attentive.  Expect waits of ten minutes or more if you want service.
#REVIEW#I've had bad experiences here but have kept coming back out of convenience. I'm glad I did, because this place has become one of my favorite lunch places. It's hard to find delicious, grilled meat at a good price in midtown!Since they rolled out with the new lunch menu, my go-to has been the Meat Lover's Set. Four tasty and very different types of beef, rice, soup, salad and edamame for $13+tax and tip. Extremely filling and satisfying.The waiters have been nice and helpful. I've had one good hostess here, but luckily you don't have to interact with hosts that much.I think I'd still avoid them for after-work hh, but will happily continue to come for lunch.
#REVIEW#Ahhhhhh! This is my number one place to go in Hell's Kitchen! I usually get the Meat lovers lunch special. The food is always great! I don't know how to eat edamame properly though.....
#REVIEW#One of my favourite Japanese BBQ spots! Love them all no matter where- New York and Chicago have spectacular food! Definitely a spot I will keep going back to in any city.
#REVIEW#Me and my two best friends Renzy and Erwin went to Gyu Kaku Japanese BBQ in Hell' Kitchen and we had the best Japanese BBQ. We had calamari, the tuna on crispy rice and salad was perfect. The meats for BBQ were all thinly and evenly sliced to ensure equal and faster time of cooking, servers explained the menu and instructed us the number of minutes each food can stay on the grill while being cooked. Super Clap Clap!!!!! to our server of the night EA who checks on us time to time to make sure the food and everything else is perfect and we are having a wonderful time. EA and the other servers also made sure the grill is changed often so we get new grills for every time we are cooking meals.I also loved my drink for the nightGEISHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#REVIEW#We went here for my nieces graduation, a total of 9. Wait time was no more than 15 minutes. We were assigned two waiters, due to the table split. Unfortunately, I don't recall the wait staff name but the guy from our first table was great, as he assisted both tables. Our waitress need more training, but she was still very nice.  The food was served promptly and they explained the cooking time required. OMG the steamed spinach and garlic was amazing. The sauces compliment the meats. We had a variety of beefs, salmon and chicken. The drinks were ok, nothing to rave about.  Great place to attend with a group and even as a fun date.
#REVIEW#Such a relief that the food and experience was SO much better than last remembered- came here for late night HH of lychee martinis, beer, NY strip, garlic ribeye, garlic noodles, crispy tuna, and pork dumplings. Meats were tasty and well-seasoned; dumplings crispy (almost too crispy). Would be happy to be back! Tuna rectangles tasty but a bit too much rice for tuna ratio, rice lover that I am. Garlic noodles perfect texture of chewiness, served on hot plate. Loved!
#REVIEW#Spacious, comfortable dining environment. Good service. Food is good as well - some value combo meals available. They have long happy hours though the price isn't much different.Grill your own meat, but it's easy to handle, and the server change grill for you frequently (without you needing to ask for it).
#REVIEW#I'm a regular here now at the Times Square Gyu.Sometimes there's a bit of a wait due to the location but the service is always good, the food is always tasty and it's just a fun atmosphere overall. First off, happy hour! It runs from 11:30-6:00PM AND 9:30-11:00PM. Every. Day. I've actually come here once for the early happy hour then again for the late happy hour on the same day. I mean, why the heck not. Happy hour gets you half off cocktails and discounted food (like $1-3 off) and is served at the bar as well as at the tables. What I always get and always love: Addicting Cabbage SaladSpicy Addicting CucumberBistro Hanger SteakSpicy PorkGarlic Shoyu ChickenSweet Onion
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch with a large group of friends after church nearby to celebrate a friend's birthdary. During this time it was Happy Hour so most of the menu items were $1-$3 less, which was awesome! Even without the discount the prices were pretty reasonable.Since there were so many of us, the hostess suggested we sit at the bar area because of limited seating at the tables. Also, if we wanted to sit at the tables, we would be required to order actual BBQ, paying more than if we ordered from the regular menu. The bar area is in the front and encompassed seating by the bar, seating along the wall (with stools) across from the bar and a couple of tables. I ended up sitting at the table and thought that a waitress would come and take our order. When I asked one of the servers, he let us know that we would have to order at the bar. This ended up taking awhile. We went to the bar and there was only one person working there. It was exteremely crowded and choatic. The bartender couldn't even answer my simple question. She was a bit brusque and quite harried. Thankfully, a waitress came out and took all of our orders. We had to pay on the spot and when the food was ready, were served our meals at the table. I ordered Sukiyaki Bibimbap and Fried Bacon Chips as my appetizer. The Fried Bacon Chips were not what I expected. It was pork belly made crispy with breading. It only came with salt and lemon, so it was extremely dry. They should have included some kind of sauce. I asked for mayonnaise and used the sauce that came with my friend's fried calamari, which was decent but a small portion size. I had a hard time deciding between the Sukiyaki or Pork Sausage Bibimbap so I asked the waitress which one she recommends and she suggested the latter. I should have listened to her because the Sukiyaki wasn't very good. When the Sukiyaki Bibimbap came, the waitress stirred it up to cook the egg and expertly mashed the ingredients together. It consisted of savory beef, mushroom, onions, bell peppers, egg yolk, along with sesame seeds and house special sauce. There was not a lot of meat or vegetables. The beef was in small pieces, but was pretty tasty - marinated well and tender. However, overall the entree was very bland and there weren't enough meat and veggies. The service here was really lacking. There definitely needs to be more than 1 person behind the bar, especially if she is taking care of the entire "Bar Area" section. It also needs to be more clear that the 2 front tables are considered "Bar Area," which means you need to order from the bar. There is a sign that states that, but the hostess should reiterate that when people first sit there so that there is no confusion. I wouldn't come back to this location, but I would like to check out the one in Flushing to try the Pork Sausage Bibimbap and S'mores dessert!
#REVIEW#TLDR: Loud place, but good Japanese BBQ. Service can be slow at times. Overall rating: A-I made an easy OpenTable reservation for Friday at 6:15pm. My friend and I were 15 minutes early to our reservation. There are benches and bathrooms by the front door. Happy hour ends at 6pm so it was a mad house at that time. They were still able to seat us 5 minutes before our reservation time. We got a nice cozy both. It's pretty loud in this restaurant, especially around happy hour. You get to cook your own BBQ at your table's grill. They'll tell you how long to cook everything for. They even change the grill halfway through. Though they forgot to turn up the fire after changing our grill... I needed to remind them. You can choose your marinades for your meats, which is new to me. Here's what we got:-2x Toro in sweet soy: My absolute favorite! Tastes like bacon! A+++-Harami skirt steak in miso: Nice, flavorful, any tender steak! A+-Chuck rib kalbi in garlic sauce: It was a little fatty but good. B+-Mixed vegetable: ookk forever to come out-Mixed vegetables: This took FOREVER to come out! It's literally just raw vegetables on a plate! It came nearly at the end of our meal. Should've just cancelled it. There were the usual onions, zucchini, mushrooms, shishito peppers, corn in a aluminum cup, and oddly grape tomatoes. I liked the shishito peppers best. B-Scallion umami rice: This ruins white rice for me. It's so simple but delicious! It's just white rice that's topped with raw scallions and a sweet/savory sauce. If you're not into scallions, you can make your own with white rice and the sweet sauce at each table. Huge portion. Enough for 2 people. A+-White rice: Standard white rice. Huge portion. Enough for 2 people. AWe enjoyed it but might avoid going near happy hour next time. Obviously, not vegan or vegetarian friendly if you're sharing the same grill with meat eaters.
#REVIEW#It was a Friday night around 10pm when we waited 40 minute for our group of 8 to be seated.It was so worth !!!Food: such a diverse set of food. We ordered the shoyu or shogun set, for 6 people. The miso soup came, then the edamame, dumplings, SALAD!! (Was so happy to see the salad, the sauce on it was terrific! I was very satisfied) then the meats came. There were different kind of meats and I like the lean one. We then had s'mores and got green tea ice cream (try mixing those!!)  the Bibimbap rice was good too. Sauces were ponzu, sweet soy, and spicy thai (more sweet tangy!) The experience was super nice because it was such a variety of dishes and at the perfect amount of time and sharing them.Service; our server angellie was so nice and aware of our needs :) she was great !! Price: it was around $200 for 8 people which isn't bad for Japanese bbq! Was my first time and def enjoyed the variety, and how the food came.It was also happy hour and my friends got the mango and lychee drinks ! Yay fruity!
#REVIEW#This was a pretty good Japanese BBQ spot! It's great value for the quality of food here, especially during Happy Hour where you can get low price Sake and pitchers of beer.This is a little different from Korean BBQ with the style of marinade they use. We were a group of 5 and definitely left feeling full. It's a great experience sharing good food and conversation with friends! I'll be back again soon!
#REVIEW#$55 Japanese wagyu beef!!!!Tried the wagyu without sauce, it tasted like oil and it melted inside your mouth. It was really great and fresh. Of course, you must try it with the sauce. It was good combination with the wagyu and it tasted better without burn the wagyu.I think it is good to try their wagyu at least once.Also,Great happy hour,Their cocktails were only around $5.I got the gyu-kaku premium, it included large amount of the food. ~fresh and high quality~ I really like my waiter, he was really nice and good service. Overall,High quality food, not expensive at all, great happy hour!Must come back again!!!
