#NAME#My Pie Pizzeria Romana
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/my-pie-pizzeria-romana-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,pizza,vegan#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#We've been searching for a good pizza joint that offers delivery and we FINALLY found our spot. This is the only spot that delivers quality pizza so far. We ordered the Truffle Mushroom Pizza, which was fantastic. I've read a couple of reviews saying that it's too rich but that wasn't the case for us. If you like truffle mushroom pizza then this is the place to go. If you don't like truffle mushroom pizza then you won't like it lol. Plain and simple. It's the best we've tried thus far in the city.We ordered a slice of Pepperoni just in case the reviews about the truffle mushroom being too rich was true, which it wasn't. The pepperoni is decent but I don't think it's anything to rave about. However, the TRUFFLE MUSHROOM IS GREAT!Clearly, we've eaten so many bad pizzas in this city that it's worth giving a good spot a shoutout when the food is finally good.We'll definitely order again! Thanks.
#REVIEW#Food: Nice selection of pizzas, intricate variety. Got a slice of the Vegan Seasonal Veggies & Chicken Parmigiana. Slices are quite large and very filling. Atmosphere: There are about five spots where you can sit, but most people looked like they did takeout (even in the pouring rain). Friendly staff. Price: reasonable.
#REVIEW#Such a cute place!We came across this place on a Sunday and Monday evening, and there was virtually no wait to order on both occasions. We've tried the potato gorgonzola as well as the margherita. Loved both of them. Quick heads up: the potatoes on that pizza were thick! So if you're looking for something lighter, I'd go with the margherita or something similar over the potato-type pizzas. Workers were nice and service was quick. My Pie Pizzeria Romana is a must!
#REVIEW#I love this city. One day you're walking down a busy street on the Upper West Side and without realizing it, you find yourself walking into a tiny little pizza cafe like something you might find in a tiny alcove off the streets of Rome. My Pie is charming in its simplicity. A small counter displaying the rectangular roman-style pizza slices of the day and benches on the either side of the room to sit on. But don't let the no-frills atmosphere fool you - this place is offering real deal, hand-tossed, perfectly-baked pizza slices with incredibly fresh ingredients, bold flavors, and astounding attention to detail. For my first visit (inevitably what I'm sure will be the first of many since this place is a couple blocks away from my office), I opted for the gorgeous-looking bufalo mozzarella slice and the special truffle mushroom. Be forewarned, the portions are deceiving. Each slice in the case (all approximately priced around $5.50) actually ends up being the equivalent of two square slices, so don't make my mistake and order 2 different types of slices for yourself, unless you want to end up with 4 slices of pizza in total. The texture of this crust is out of control. Crisp all the way around the bottom, but soft and chewy underneath the toppings, this is a slice for those folks who end up tossing away the "pizza bones" from your standard risen crust pie, because the toppings are laid out all the way to the edge of every slice. The mozzarella slice was absolutely to die for. The crushed san marzano sauce with fresh basil and that gooey fresh mozzarella cheese...just take a look at the pics. It tasted just as good as it looks. The truffle mushroom was also delicious, although extremely rich. Lucklily they have bottles of infused chili oil onhand to add some heat and add some variety to the dense mushroom/truffle flavor. Cannot wait to go back again to check out their various potato pizza offerings and many others!
#REVIEW#I sometimes walk thirty blocks after work just to eat at this place. I've had the carmelized onion, truffle oil & mushroom, caprise, and the grandma slice. They are all delicious. The crust is perfect. Photographed is the grandma slice. It looks more appetizing in real life. I apologize for the blurry bad photo. Anyway, I can't believe how long I waited before trying this place. The signage and the name make it seem like some generic pizza place when it's actually very special. Service is top notch. I think they even make you the slice you want on the spot if it's sold out.
#REVIEW#Best pizza and it was not even on our to "eat list"After a long bike ride on Central Park , you get pretty hungry.  We used yelp to look up some spots and My Pie Pizzeria Romana looked the most appealing and great reviews. So happy we decided to eat here. Soon as you wLk in you get greeted. We where a group of 5 and they have no sitting available for s big group only small tables that accommodate parties of twos. We waited around for few ppl to get up so we could safe the seat while our friends made our order. Every single pizza looked so fresh and delicious Pizzas I order:*Pepperoni pizza *Margarita pizzaMy fav was the Margarita pizza it was so fresh and cheesie.Honesty best pizza in New York. For drinks we got a Coca-Cola and the manager gave us few drinks on the house *Spuma Polara*Mandarino Polara*Melograno Polara Highly recommend them all specially with pizza. So fresh and personally I think it makes the flavors on the pizza that much better. Im 100% coming back
#REVIEW#This pizza is so tasty and so fun. Great, thick, square slices! Yet, that don't get soggy or soft. There are many innovative kinds of pizza to choose from, including vegetarian and vegan options. Very affordable and nice service team. Only thing is the inside space is small, so you may have to eat outside or take to go!
#REVIEW#So good to find a pizzeria that has not one, but two vegan pizza options and they both taste great!Also, all of the staff here are really lovely! I definitely recommend it.
#REVIEW#This is not what I think of when I think of NY pizza, but being from Texas - I don't really know anything about NY pizza. What I DO know, is: this pizza is delicious! This was the first pizza my friend and I had on our girls' trip to the Big City and we were both really impressed. (I later found out she went back two additional times on her own!) The place is small. Maybe 4-5 tables along the edges, all of them are essentially half booths. For what it's worth, I found most of the restaurants we ate at to be quite small. I suppose it's relative and dependent on what you're used to. All of the pizzas are displayed on the counter, waiting for you to pick a slice before being heated to serve. Drink cooler off to the right. Next to that are the bins and atop those are the shakers of Parm, oregano, garlic, etc. Okay, there are some pizza places in AUSTIN FREAKING TEXAS (not exactly the pizza capital of the world) that won't serve you ranch. (Sore spot with my husband.) They just do not carry it. So when my friend asked for it, I was surprised that the counter staff cheerfully brought out a portion for her. +1 for being accommodating and not taking themselves too seriously!The slice was pretty big for how thick the crust was (IMO) and my slice of pepperoni plus a beverage was like $6 or $7. It was delicious as I mentioned, but what I liked most was the hint of spiciness already embedded. No need for red pepper for me. It wasn't overpowering to my oddly sensitive taste buds, but rather - just right. I'm glad I got to try this place out, even if it isn't what I think of when I think "NY style pizza." I recommend it if you are in the area looking for a bite.
#REVIEW#Stopped here with my boyfriend on our weekend getaway. In my opinion, the pizzas here are delicious. Many great choices to select from. The staff is very friendly and upbeat. They will make sure that you are satisfied with your selection.The pizza slices are quite large. I barely finished my one slice. Even my boyfriend was very full after one slice and he likes to eat a lot. I got the chicken buffalo and loved it. Just a tad spicy. The place is tidy with a cute interior. The place is relatively small with only  about 6 small tables but they do offer to go slices
#REVIEW#We went to my pie Pizzeria Romona and even though they were closing and their ovens were turned off, they still turned it back on which took about 25min and made us fresh pizza. The pizza was really delicious as we expected and much more. They kept apologizing that we couldn't eat there since they were closed but they packed everything for us including two complimentary deserts. Thank you My Pie Pizzeria for making our first New York pizza so special.
#REVIEW#We order from this place quite often at work and the pizza is just okay. I may be a little harsh with my rating because pizza is one of my favorite meals so maybe my expectations are too high. It isn't a NY slice per say but it also is not authentic Italian pizza. The cheese slice is not very memorable, I do like the vegetarian slice and pepperoni slice. I recently stopped by to try the chicken buffalo slice and it was really good. The prices are reasonable, and I was very impressed with the friendly customer service during hectic lunch hours.
#REVIEW#Just perfect. In a town full of great pizza choices this joint is a great addition.  It's not a NY Slice it's Roman pizza and the choices are abundant and all delicious.  Service is kind and friendly.  My favorite was the potato rosemary. Enjoy
#REVIEW#Pretty good, not astounding, but THE SLICES ARE HUGE! Make sure you know this going in, otherwise you'll end up like me and think each slice is half as big as it really is and end up with two giant slices of pizza that you can't possibly finish. The margarita  had very fresh tomatoes and a generous amount of basil, and was way better than the spinach artichoke, which was kind of dry and tasteless. Both of them had god-tier levels of crispiness though! I loved biting into the margarita and hearing the loud crunch.I couldn't even finish one slice before feeling really full, so the $4-5 they charge for each piece is more than worth it in my opinion.
#REVIEW#While a lot of pizza joints have vegan pizza, most of them simply put Daiya cheese on bread and call it "done".  I was pleasantly surprised that My Pie had two types of vegan pizza to pick from and neither had fake cheese. Rather, the star of the show was the most amazing crust ever and a wonderful collection of vegetable toppings.  Likely the best vegan pie I have ever tasted.
#REVIEW#Ordered a pepperoni pizza and slice of mushroom. The mushroom was bland; no seasoning. The pepperoni looked like they had extra slices of cheese and just plopped some pepperonis on top. The cheese was barely melted. Good: The delivery was very fast. But probably because they already had the pizza around.
#REVIEW#This pizza is one of my favorites. I tried the margherita and a potato and blue cheese. They have so many options to choose from I literally stood there for five minutes before deciding. I favored the margherita over the potato one probably because I like my pizza with sauce. The crust is crispy and flavorful, sauce is well seasoned, and there's a good balance of flavors. It's a great place to pick up a quick bite but they have limited seating if you want to stay there and eat.
#REVIEW#THE BEST PIZZA ever in my life~!!!was in NY for 3 days and searched for pizza. Definitely they deserved for 4.5 stars. Very crispy with lots of toppings and cheese. Personally 5 stars from me, but 4.5 stars from others since it's kinda small as a restaurant. Good for 2 maybe max 3 people. But not for family especially if more than 4 people want to sit together while eating.
#REVIEW#Came here based on Yelp reviews. My husband was satisfied with his piece of pizza but I was so disappointed.  Being from the East coast and craving NY pizza I was so excited to come in and check this place out,  Well...def not NY style pizza and nothing to write home about. Also, it's a small little joint with only a couple tables. A bit of a cluster if you have never been here before..a lot of pushing an shoving to get to the counter and then...not sure if you pay first or order first?  Takes 5-10 minutes to get your piece of pizza...seems like they reheat it in the oven.I did eat my pizza cause I was starving but would never come back here.
#REVIEW#We came here on Sunday 30 min before closing and was initially told only what was displayed were available to order since the kitchen was closed.  However, they decided to accommodate our group, 7 of us, and let us order a whole pie of half pepperoni and half meat. The pizza was delicious and hit the right spot. All the raving  about NY pizza did not disappoint.  Special thanks to Hunnia, (sorry, I butchered your name) for ++++ customer service and taking our order.  To top it off, she gave us an extra slice and 4 desserts    Thanks for making our first pizza experience in the NYC memorable.
