#NAME#Momosan Ramen & Sake
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/momosan-ramen-and-sake-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen,tapasmallplates#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Love the service. Our server Chris is excellent, comes back to check us out every now and then. He recommended frozen beer, I think it was amazing and cool. We ordered four appetizer and two bowl of ramen. And they are taste delicious. The place is clean, the servers are nice. They even gave my husband a bibs because he was wearing a white shirt, very thoughtful. We had a great experience there. We will be back soon.
#REVIEW#Momosan is what classic ramen should be. Flavorful but not salty, pork slices soft and succulent, soft boiled egg (see Totto review), and all ingredients supporting a hearty meal that satisfies the tummy. Compared to Noodle Bar (see Momofuku review), although you could taste the tare, there's not a biting saltiness the keeps you from downing the broth with joy. Service is a little slow and not meticulous compared to those staffed by first gen Japanese, but getting a good bowl of ramen that's not too expensive ($12 for regular) can overcome the slight. In three days, three ramen shops, I give the victory to the Iron Chef!
#REVIEW#Stumbled across this place since it was near the hotel, and I was hungry. It is way better than what the other reviews posted. I ordered a beef ramen & it came with a full bone of beef with meet falling off of it into the ramen. It was so tasty.The decor is really nice, and there are communal tables, which is fun.Server was nice & helpful.Worth going back.
#REVIEW#I visited Momosan yesterday afternoon after hearing great things about their ramen. Unfortunately, their AC was broken and it was quite warm inside, so we had to try something other than ramen. I started with mango matchashu cocktail which was made with sake, mango puree, and matcha green tea powder. It was delicious and refreshing. Next, I tried two small plates. The tuna zuke don, and the peking duck taco. The tuna zuke don was soy marinated tuna, nori, and scallion all over white rice. The chunks of tuna were nice and big, and so incredibly fresh tasting. The duck taco shell was similar to a wonton, and had a tender piece of duck topped with a slaw and a hoisin sauce. Both tapas were wonderful and sastisfying. I hope to return for the ramen one day!
#REVIEW#I've totally fallen for Momosan Ramen.  Their sleek ambience, impeccable service, and, exquisite bowls of delicious ramen shines on through!Love the fact of having to wait in anticipation for a seat, possibly at a communal table. There soaking up the aroma and bustling scene of this cozy spot!Extraordinary is M's "Gyukotsu Ramen", bites of falling off the bone beautifully seasoned braised beef rib, slurps of temomi (hand massaged) noodles, and, sips of a rich deep creamy broth ...AND ...Comforting are Iron Chef Morimoto's signature "Momosan Tonkotsu" - and - "Sticky Ribs"!Fantastic and memorable visit this was on a rainy day.  Already making plans in coming back for a bowl of "Tsukemen" on a hot summer's day!CHEERS!
#REVIEW#Momosan came highly recommended by a fellow Yelper. I looked it up just to realize that it's across the street from my office and that it's owned by Iron Chef Morimoto. Instantly sold!Both my VP and Director wanted to do HH after a long day at work. I took them to Momosan and ordered a tsukemen for myself. The dipping noodle is so delicious and definitely comparable to Tsujita's. I was able to substitute the pork chashu with chicken that's well-marinaded, juicy, and tender. Menma (bamboo shoots) were slightly crunchy and extremely flavorful. Sweet soy aji-tama had firm egg white and gooey golden brown custard-like yolk that's so savory. Broth was definitely less fatty and less thick than some other tsukemen places, but I actually like that better. I had to teach my VP how to eat tsukemen first and then I devoured mine right after.The sake sangria carafe was just okay in my opinion. It was a concoction of sake, plum wine, and seasonal fruits. It was way too sweet for my liking, but still delicious regardless.Overall, I had an excellent time at Momosan. We all left the restaurant feeling very satisfied after a long day at work.
#REVIEW#Solid spot for ramen in Midtown. We came around 9 PM on a Sunday night and were seated almost immediately. The booths are for parties of 3 or more so expect bar seating if you're a party of 2. The service was quick and the food was pretty good.I had the Spicy Tan Tan (they can remove the ground pork) and my boyfriend ordered the Tonkotsu ramen. I thought that the Spicy Tan Tan was unique because it tasted more like khao soi (Thai curry with noodles) than your typical ramen. The Tonkotsu was good but not as rich as I would have liked. They have a wide range of condiments to help flavor your ramen. As for service, after ordering, the food surprisingly came out in like 5 minutes. Since we were at the bar, our water was constantly being refilled.
#REVIEW#Came here solo on a Friday night when I was in town for a night and was able to get seated immediately which was fantastic as they had quite the wait. I loved everything I got. Started with the sake flight which was on the pricey end but also had some excellent sakes on there and a perfect way to start out a night. For appetizer I had the kakuni bao. Excellent. For the ramen I had the tantan ramen with ground pork. I was insanely full afterwards.Ambiance - lively. Great for a small group of people. Overall - pricey but I wasn't trying to depend conservatively and it was worth it. Would definitely recommend it!
#REVIEW#I'm really lucky the first time I went here Momosan was celebrating their anniversary so all dinner items were 50% off. Ramen for $6? Say less.I really liked the ramen because the broth taste is so unique. A lot of ramen broth taste similar, but Momosan does it different. I also shared the pork belly appetizer with my friend and it was delicious too! Not too fatty.The only thing I didn't appreciate was the service. Not too great and sometimes felt like I was being purposely ignored. It wasn't that busy although it was an anniversary, so I didn't know why that was. However, most ramen places tend to have average service. (Aside from Ippudo. Would still come here again!
#REVIEW#The food was good. I just didn't find it good enough to justify the price. Maybe this is the going rate in the area, I don't know, but I've definitely had better for a lot less.The appetizers were especially pricey at like $5 a pop for buns. Again they were good, but not really any better than what I've had elsewhere.The ramen itself was also good. Broth had good flavor and the ingredients like the pork, egg etc were all good. The ramen itself is probably the better deal if you stick with the standard tonkotsu ramen.The server kept trying to sell us on some drink special they had which was pretty pricey and of no interest to us, however whenever we would ask about a different drink she would keep bringing the special up instead. It was getting kind of annoying. Other than that everything came out promptly. Decent ramen but nothing spectacular I would come back for.
#REVIEW#Tonkotsu ramen was delicious! I slurped up all the rich broth, the noodles were a great consistency, and the meat tasted perfect. The textures of the whole dish went together, and the saltiness and umami all balanced each other. A+ service and ambience; Momosan proves that the key to having really great restaurant vibes is a really great music playlist!Sake/drink list was extensive. I like cocktails so we went with the mango matchashu, which was smooth and light and not too sweet--perfect! Will definitely come back!
#REVIEW#Dropped by here for dinner on a Monday night. This is definitely one of the best ramen spots NYC has to offer.I started off with a Kakuni Bao which is their pork bun which cost $4 per bun. It's worth getting two of these. For the entree, I got the Tan Tan which contains "spicy coconut curry, pork chashu, red miso ground pork, aji-tama, and cilantro". It's not very spicy, just a hint of it to work your taste palate. The waiter suggested to add menma (bamboo shoots) to the dish which costed $3, and I liked the suggestion he made. Very filling and very flavorful. Will definitely be coming back here.
#REVIEW#This place is fantastic! Came in on a Friday at 7pm. It was packed but they managed to seat our party of 3 within about 10 minutes. Just got lucky I think because within minutes there were people standing around waiting. It's a pretty small place, great bar with all their Sakes on the wall for display. We started with a round of sake and beer and a few appetizers. The Houzz and the Pork Belly. If you have seen any of my other reviews lately I have become a bit of an expert on Pork Belly. This was delicious: 3 chunks of pork belly with a sweet glaze over a bed of cabbage served hot  and sizzling in little cast iron dishes.  Ramen was great. I had the tonkatsu ramen and it had all the trappings of rood ramen. Tasty broth, perfect texture on the noodles, delicious soft egg. I ordered a little fresh garlic and they press it right in as they serve your bowl. Nice touch I guess. Server, manager, and hostess were all super nice and accommodating. I would totally come back.
#REVIEW#This might be one of my new favorite places for ramen. I'm not a huge ramen guy but this takes all my praise. I love the broth and I love the thick wavy noodles. Most of all, I love the price and value. $17 for a lunch set - ramen and poke bowl. Thats hard to get anywhere else in the city. We came here Saturday 12:15 pm and waited 10 minutes for 2 people. When we left at 1:30pm there were open tables and no one waiting outside. Wait time wasn't terrible but it was packed when we first came.Expect seating to be crammed and your thigh close to touching another person's thigh. But its NYC so its part of the norm. ENJOY!
#REVIEW#Love their ramen, it's authentic and the soup base is pretty tasty. I usually don't eat fatty pork but this one is thin sliced so I was able to eat it. Their beef rice is good too, doesn't have the beefy taste. My coworkers got the raw sushi rice with the same tonkashu ramen.
#REVIEW#Staying around the corner at the Renwick so we head over to Momosan for a ramen fix at lunch. Sunday at 11:45 and the line is forming. We are second in line so are assured a table but the place is packed within 20 minutes of opening. Waiter is nice and goes over the menu and his recommendations. We order the Tonkotsu Ramen, the Salmon Zuke Don, Peking Duck taco and pork belly bao.  Eveything is very good. The tonkotsu broth is very flavorful and we really enjoyed it. Food is top notch but we wouldn't expect any less from an Iron Chef. One suggestion- the busboy/other waiter continually picks up empty plates and bowls while you are eating your meal making it inconvenient to enjoy your main course as he is reaching over your shoulder and motioning for you to help him retrieve the empties. Pretty annoying. Better to wait till folks are done so we are not passing dishes around. I get it they need to turn tables over but, hey, let me enjoy my ramen!Besides that we enjoyed our meal.
#REVIEW#We went as a party of three on a saturday night around 7:30-8pm and did not have to wait to be seated. The ambiance was casual and chic, perfect for a laid-back dinner. We did have to wait a little for someone to come with water and to take our orders. The staff was not the most attentive, but we could easily snag someone's attention if we needed to. For example, our table oddly had 3 chopsticks (not pairs) and someone quickly replenished the bucket once we brought it to her attention.The food was very good and came out fairly quickly. We started with the soft crab bao and the pigs ears appetizers. They were crispy and fairly flavorful. The ramen broths were well seasoned and pleasantly salty without dooming us with complete dehydration. The whiskey offering was terrific in addition to the large sake menu. We didn't try the other alcohols. The place wasn't packed when we finished our meal so we lingered for another 20-30 minutes to continue our conversations without any objection from the staff. Overall, this is a great go-to place for ramen if you want something reliably solid.
#REVIEW#I didn't remember the first time I went here because tbh, it wasn't too memorable. I instantly remembered the moment I tried my usual (tonkotsu ramen.) Call me a ramen snob, but I really do like my tonkotsu to be richer with traditional thin noodles (i.e. Ichiran!) The soft boiled egg was on point as well as the chashu, but if it were solely for the ramen, I don't know if I'd return. Here are a few highlights that would draw me come back:1) Decent prices2) Options to order small bowls3) Sake menu4) Service (both times I've been, the bartenders have been attentive and service-oriented!)*Also of note, both my sister and boyfriend loved their dishes when we went--the curry ramen! I'm not much of a HUGE curry fan, but because of this, I'd probably choose the Tantan broth if you're in the mood for curry ramen.*
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday night around 9 P.M. and the place was still decently packed. We had to wait maybe 10-15 minutes before being seated.Their ramen has a small and large option which is a $3 difference but I wasn't that hungry so I got the smaller portion. I got the Tonkotsu ramen and tried some of the salmon zuke don. The bowl for the salmon was pretty small but they did put a decent amount of fish on there. The salmon was fresh but there was nothing really amazing about it. As for the ramen, I wasn't really that impressed. For ramen that is more on the expensive side, I expect the broth to be rich and grab the noodles well. However this broth was rather lackluster in terms of that. Overall there are probably better options for the price you're paying. I would say that this place is just average.
#REVIEW#Dined in around 5:30 on a Friday in late January. Room was half empty yet noise level higher than expected. We were immediately greeted w/a smile by the host and seated. We noticed staff shouting welcome in Japanese for everyone being seated, very cool!Waitress was quickly braught menus and tap water w/ ice. Unfortunately, ALMOST ALL THEIR RAMEN IS PORK BASED BROTH so we ordered :Duck Mao Tokyo Chicken ramen (small) Gyukotsu Beef ramenDuck Mao is tiny! For 5 bucks a bun, it's not your typical taco sized, so be warned. Scrumptious nonetheless. Small Tokyo Chicken was enough for one person. Had a overwhelming chicken smell/after-taste to it, so we weren't a big fan. The beef ramen was tastier, although we needed to add some pepper and soy sauce to keep it that way. 25 bux and only 20 orders per day (so they say), not sure if it's worth it but deff give it a try. Place got packed quick. Food is tasty. Price to portion ratio is within standards. High energy and cheerful ambiance. Bench style seating with strangers.Reccomend!
