#NAME#Pio Pio 8
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pio-pio-8-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#latin,peruvian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#There is nothing to complain about ! We ordered the "Matador Combo" which is known to be served for family style. $42?! you can't beat that price with all the dishes given, could feed up to 2-4 people depending on your appetite. The Matador Combo seems to be the most popular choice on the menu and now I understand why. The Juanitas chicken was so flavorful and moist. The saffron rice was well cooked with the red beans on the side. The salchipapa, I believed was the crispy fries topped with sausages? But that was good as well. AND if you are a fan of a little kick to your meal, the green sauce that came with the entrees hit the spot for me. Coming back for sure next time and I'll be trying out the Calamari Frito + Corvina A lot Macho Spicy + other dishes. OVERALL, the affordable price plus how tasty the food was what sold me to come again. GREAT customer service too btw ! Since it is a Friday night, the receptionist told us that it will be a 30 minutes wait but a bit longer than that. Regardless of the wait, they did try to seat us as soon as they could with a packed house.
#REVIEW#Pio Pio is an absolute must for me when I'm in NYC. I haven't been to Peru, but I imagine it's the only place one would be able to find Peruvian food this good. I've looked all over the US, and no one even compares to Pio Pio. This location is my favorite in the city for any kind of group dinner. If it's just me an one or two other friends, the UWS location is quieter. But the food is amazing at any of them. AND THE GREEN SAUCE! My husband and I have wildly different palates, but we both agree that Pio Pio is our favorite place to eat in NYC, both when we lived here and now that we don't anymore. Our favorite dishes:1. Plata Rellena con Camarones: Shrimp and avocado with a green sauce (different than THE green sauce). I get this with a side of tostones and it's a little bit like Peruvian chips and guac, just way more delicious.2. Arroz Chaufa: Fried rice with chicken. This is SO GOOD. It might be my favorite rice dish...ever? I douse it in THE green sauce. The portion is huge, so i always have lunch the next day.3. Juanita's chicken: I don't usually order chicken out to eat; I think it's boring. But this chicken is SO GOOD (the only better roasted chicken I've ever had is a Zuni Cafe in SF). The flavor is amazing, as is the texture.4. Lomo Saltado: The beef in this is so perfectly done and so flavorful. The potion is huge, so be ready to share, or just have delcious leftovers.The chicken empanadas and all of the ceviches are really good too. I don't think I've had anything here that wasn't really good though. And drink all the sangria! I was in NYC last week and had to go twice. I love this place so much and wish SF had anything even approaching Peruvian food this good.
#REVIEW#I must start by saying that my friend and I frequent this place at least two times a week after dance class. Most of the waiters know us and even know what we order since it's always the same; the arroz chaufa mixto and either the soup of the day or an avocado salad. We have also been there with a larger party of 8 and the food is 9/10 perfect. The only complaint I have is that there are two different hostesses that are plain and downright rude. They always have an attitude when speaking to you either in person or over the phone. It's happened multiple times to the point where I have my friend speak instead of me because it's just so frustrating. I haven't been able to get their names but I've read in other reviews about the same complaint. If it wasn't for our love of the food and the waiters that actually have GREAT customer service, we would not go back there. You cannot expect for people to want to stay if at the point of entry you're dealing with someone's childish attitude.
#REVIEW#This was my last meal I had when I visited New York in October. I don't think I've ever had Peruvian food before, but this is one of the spots I'd recommend visiting again if I were to come back to New York! It's super dark inside (I apologize in advance for my terrible/ blurry/ dark photos!), so it's more of a romantic setting, but as was my group.. we saw big groups of people as well. They definitely have tables for 20+ people if you're interested in coming here to celebrate something!We ordered:+Sangria by the pitcher $36 ($18 for half a pitcher) with red or white wine+Calamares Fritos $14+Empanadas De Pollo $8 (would definitely recommend)+Juanita's Chicken (whole) $19+Fried Yuca $6+Arroz Con Mariscos $34 (definitely definitely recommend!)+extra rice $6+Tres Leches for a birthday $8My BF and I wanted to take his sister and his boyfriend out to thank them for allowing us to stay with them, as well as to thank them for showing us around New York and New Jersey! We paid $143 for 4 people and it was one of the most delicious meals I've had. The servers were very personable and they were on top of things! We didn't even have to wait to ask for more water, they'd just magically pop out of nowhere and refill your waters for you haha. Thank you to the servers here who made our last night in New York very memorable!
#REVIEW#Good Flavor Peru Restaurant. I had last night late dinner with my friends. We ordered Seafood paella, Tuna Ceviche, Whole chicken and side of fries, Avocado. Also We drunk  half pitcher Sangria.Chicken is always Best of the best in city. Very well done roasted chicken. Never Fried and oilly. Tuna ceciche was mixed with avocado. Soft and well seasoned. Seafood paella was perfect dish and everyone enjoy it. Just one thing was side of avocado. Just sliced half avocado was $6. Pro - Good Flavor. Con - Slow Service time.
#REVIEW#I am in love with this place! Came with my brother and his gf on a Sunday night. Place was quite full, but we managed to get a table for 3 at 7pm. We ordered the Matador combo, fried calamari, and 3 latin american beers. Total bill came to ~$80 pretax and without tip. AMBIANCE:Restaurant is pretty dark, and has a subterranean component to it! Great vibe, was rather loud, but could be a potentially nice date spot. PROS:Our Matador combo was definitely the star. So Pio Pio markets it for 2 people to eat, but I swear to god the portion size is big enough to royally stuff 3 people! It comes with a healthy portion size of chicken (Two giant pieces of breast meat and Two giants pieces of thighs), a plate of plaintain chips, a plate of peruvian sausages on top of a bed of crispy french fries, rice with beans, and avocado salad (see where the portion sizes get out of the world?). Chicken was incredibly juicy, moist, and flavorful. Skin was nice and crispy, which I honestly am impressed with the amount of flavor they put into their chicken. The rice with beans definitely was good and had a lot of Peruvian spices to it, and was quite unique. I also really enjoyed their Peruvian sausages and their french fries - big portions and were crispy! The combo comes with an light avocado salad, which definitely balances out the entire meal. Calamari was great, and once again the portion sizes are HUGE! The marinara dipping sauce was great, and the calamari didn't turn out too greasy and was seasoned very well. Definitely very impressed!Also great selection of Latin American beers. We each got different beers from different parts of South America - was a great experience to try out various cervezas from the area!OKAY:Platain chips were okay, they weren't my favorite as they were rather hard to chew on and didn't pack too much flavors. But they make for a great snack or something to nibble on throughout the meal. OVERALL:Highly impressed with the flavors, food, and the quality served at Pio Pio 8. Definitely highly recommend and will be back for more!
#REVIEW#Don't know if this was an off night or what happened but food and service were just okay. APPS: Ceviche was pretty good, I thought there was just enough sourness to compliment the fish and it was overall really good. Calamari was bland. No squid flavor and the sauce was equally bland. Plus it was so oily by the time you got to the bottom pieces. ENTREES:Chupe de camaron (shrimp chowder) overly salty and only got worse as the soup cooled down. Upside was there were huge pieces of shrimp but the flavor was masked by all the salt. Rotisserie chicken was great! That's the dish that really made it for me which is disappointing. Flavors were good and the meat was nice and juicy throughout. I could've easily just eaten an entire chicken without the entrees and apps. Considering how poor the service was and mediocre food, I don't think I'll be coming back.
#REVIEW#I can not say enough great things about Pio Pio 8. The service is always great, the food is constantly outstanding!! My boyfriend and I went last Friday and shared the Matador Combo $38:1 whole rotisserie chicken, yellow rice and beans, tostones, salchipapas(crispy hot dog pieces and French fries) and avocado salad. The chicken was juicy inside, crispy outside. As someone who is extremely picky about ordering chicken out, this is constantly a 10/10 choice and never leaves me disappointed!! The meal was filling and we still went home with enough leftovers for lunch the next day!!
#REVIEW#This was our second time here. We've decided it's a must every time we visit New York. The food is marvelous and the sangria is to die for! It's crazy but their fried rice is better than Chinese fried rice. The chicken is mouth watering flavorful and compliments well with the staple cilantro sauce. The ambiance considered cool-vibes!
#REVIEW#Came here for a party of 10 for my friend's birthday. We came here previously in the summer for another birthday and they were able to accommodate for our large group of 20. So big group dinner? Check. However, everyone must come on time for the reservation. They don't sit you down until the entire party arrives. Food: The food is served family style so we ordered a bunch of stuff and I was able to take a bite of everything. I cannot stop raving about the seafood paella. Out of all the paellas I've had in my life, hands down the best. There was one huge prawn that I had the honor of consuming and I'm still dreaming about it to this day. Green sauce: I put this on ERRTHANG. the tomato avo salad. The fries and sausage. The chicken. So. Good. It's a bit spicy, but not overbearingly that I don't enjoy the food. Sangria: just get the pitcher.
#REVIEW#We had a surprise Fathers Day dinner here. The food was OUTSTANDING &  their service was equally matched!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ‍‍‍‍ to this place!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Monday evening with a group of 5 and was seated promptly without a wait. The restaurant was about 3/4th full which is optimal so there's no wait but the food is still fresh. I've been here a few times when it's empty and the chicken and French fries just don't seem as fresh. The wait can otherwise get too long on weekend dinners as well. The inside of the restaurant is beautiful and the food is quite good, but the service can be lacking, the bill can get pricey, and the restaurant can get so loud that you can't really hear the people around you. For specific dishes, get the rotisserie chicken with the green sauce. The lomo saltado is good, but at $28 per plate, it's not worth it. Fries are good with the green sauce as are the fried plantains (it comes with its own flavorful sauce). The aji de gallina is tasty as well, and a nice change of flavor from the other dishes. It's also a much better deal than the lomo saltado. Arroz Chaufa is not worth it, as you can get better fried rice at a cheap Chinese takeout instead.
#REVIEW#Stopped by Pio Pio 8 for Saturday Night Dinner and had a great experience. This is arguably their most popular location so don't be surprised if it takes upwards of 30 minutes to get your party seated. Bright side: You could wait by their bar which has ample seating and quick service from the bartenders (both drinks and food). I enjoyed a cup of Sangria, chicken empanadas and good conversation while waiting for my party to be seated.The downstairs dining room is gorgeous with beautiful wooden decor creating an incredible aesthetic. I ordered the Matador Combo which I really recommend if this is your first time trying Pio Pio. It's great to share and brings a little bit of everything!  A whole Chicken (the highlight of my meal, especially when paired with their delicious green sauce), fried plantains, avocado salad, rice and beans and salchipapas (french fries with hot dogs). Portions are generous, but I do recommend getting some extra rice if you're sharing! My table paired the awesome matador combo with a pitcher of Red Sangria which I really recommend, it's delicious and the pitcher gives you the most bang for your buck. Pio Pio always provides a quality meal at an affordable price, check them out!!
#REVIEW#This place is two floors! First of all, that blew my mind. It's way larger than I expected. Our group of 13 waited about an hour for a table, but once the food finally arrived, it was well worth it. Order the fish ceviche. It will change your life. I ordered their chicken soup (also delicious) but I finished two of my friends' plates of ceviche...That good. Peruvian ceviche is now a favorite of mine.The wait staff was excellent and responsive! Moving fast like ninjas, but seamlessly as well. Impressive! The host at the front desks were not as courteous or professional. They lacked some organization and customer service and I couldn't tell if that was because it was a busy night, or because they were just young and a bit mean. Unclear.In any event, this place is well worth the trip. Try the ceviche !
#REVIEW#Love this Peruvian spot! Great ambiance and a great place to bring a big group for special occasions. The portions are large and perfect to share family style. Their roasted chicken is a must - so juicy and tasty! They also have deliciously sweet sangria by the pitcher that I highly recommend. They also have a great bar for a quick drink or while you're waiting for your table. You can order a sangria pitcher there as well!
#REVIEW#Incredibly rude waiter. Noisy place. Good food. The waiter (a strong guy with a fake smile) was rude from the very beginning and insulted us throughout our meal. At some point, we asked for extra cutlery and he gave us disposable forks and spoons. I will not be coming back. People need more training at this place.
#REVIEW#Came here for an early dinner with friends before a show. Great that this location takes reservations, but we didn't need one since we got here early. Location is bigger than the others that I have been to.  They have a full bar and menu is the same. There is seating upstairs and a bigger dining area downstairs. Ordered the matador combo for 4 people  - comes with 1 whole rotisserie chicken (we wanted all dark meat  and they accommodated to that..if you want all white meat, it's extra $), yellow rice and beans , salchipapa, tostones (which we substituted with maduros, which is much better) , avacado salad. We ordered extra side of yellow rice as the portion is not that big for 4 people. Service and food was good.  Glad to find this location in midtown and much more spacious. will be back again to try other things on the menu.
#REVIEW#Great food.  Good service The outside facade needs a little improvement because you can hardly identify the restaurant during the day.
#REVIEW#I always have a great time when visiting this location of Pio Pio, which seems much fancier than the other locations. The service is great, the food is great, and the drinks are yummy!Some of my favorites include:--Jalea - fried mixed seafood platter; off the chain yummy; huge portion and table shareable --Stuffed pepper - yummy but only shareable with two peeps--Matador - a little of everything: amazingly tender rotisserie chicken, fresh avocado salad, rice & beans, and salchipapa (homemade fries and mini sausages in one amazing package); this meal is perfect for two--Tacu Tacu - had for the first time on my last visit; it was super tasty... just look my my pics! Wow!I could go on and on because this place rules! They are often super packed, so just be aware of that. Otherwise, just try it!
#REVIEW#The second time I went the service was awful. We asked 3 times to 2 different waiters to bring out a cake and to sing happy birthday to my husband. We already told them 3 separate times we wanted the tres leches cake. We waited literally 30 mins after we were done eating and they still didn't bring it out. The waitress had the nerve to come to our table and say sorry, we forgot. Which cake did you want again? Right in front of my husband. Hello?? Obviously it was supposed to be a surprise. We told her the tres leches again. Waited 10 more minutes and they still didn't bring it out so we just left. What was supposed to be a happy and good birthday lunch turned into a disappointed and sour experience for us. I don't understand. We had to ask for ice twice since they kept forgetting. It was also not peak hours and the restaurant was only one thirds full. There is no excuse that you were busy. I've been there Saturday night when it was truly busy. They also brought out cold Maduros. I ordered the camarones Cuzco and although it was tasty, the shrimp was rubbery and way over cooked. Would not return to this location again for the awful service and would only go to the Queens one.
