#NAME#Taboonette
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/taboonette-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mediterranean,mideastern,newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Fantastic food here! Tiny, tiny space. Communal dining. LOUD! But sooooooo good!! Take out is ideal.
#REVIEW#Was feelin a little Mediterranean vibe this afternoon as my tummy growled and I searched on Yelp. Ordered the Israeli breakfast on pita ($6.50) and knew that it only comes with 1 egg so needed another protein. Decided on a side of the pulled pork ($5) and side of Shugg ($2) which is a spicy pepper sauce. My delivery came lightning fast! The Israeli breakfast pita was delightfully crunchy, flavorful and not greasy or soggy at all. The pulled pork was very tender and perfectly shredded! The Shugg was an awesome pop of acid that the pulled pork needed. Thank you Yelp for directing me to discover Taboonette! Would've never known it existed otherwise. It's highly likely that I'll be eating here weekly since it's such a no-brainer (flavorful, affordable and fast)!
#REVIEW#Ordered the lamb kebab pita which came with in house made potato chips! If you don't mind gamey meat, I would recommend it. The pita was delicious, soft yet dense enough to hold everything. It came with two large lamb kebab balls, tons of chopped tomatoes and salad, tahini and grilled creamy eggplant. I loved that you could actually taste the eggplant among all the other delicious herbs and flavors.  The whole meal was satisfying and filling. Great casual lunch spot!
#REVIEW#Ordered a quick lunch from here. I went with the lamb pita. It was small but filling. There is a lot going on here in terme of flavors. It has both a mediterrean and middle eastern taste to it.  Although the flavors were complex it still hit the spot. The lamb was cooked well and the pita was the perect vessel for it. We picked it up to go and ate it in a nearby park. I didnt try anything else but was pleased with the lamb pita. Will definitely keep it in mind for lunch in the future.
#REVIEW#I came here and solo'd it for lunch after trying out a new church one Sunday.  Thankfully, church ends early and so it wasn't too crowded.  I am not the biggest connoisseur of mediterranean food, but I knew I couldn't go wrong with a lamb pita and definitely cannot turn down fresh hummus.  Lamb pita with side of fresh hummusPROS:- super soft lamb: if you don't like gamey meat, I'd opt for something else or a different kind of protein (or falafel).  This was super tender, well seasoned, and just got a great amount of that meaty fat that soaks real well into the pita- pita was warm and soft, not super hard, didn't dry out either- hummus was fresh, went well with the lamb as it came out nice and cold- comes with a nice side of sweet potato chips (upon request)- not too much dressing on top of the lamb and veggies, feels very healthy even with a significantly greasy and fatty meat.CONS:- none
#REVIEW#When my husband I lived in NYC - he found Taboonette one day and wouldn't stop raving about it the entire stay there. I was annoyed and thought no way could this food be that good - I hate when I'm wrong!We moved our of the city to Denver and recently went back for a holiday party. I found myself roaming around the city as I do when I go back to visit and walked by Taboonette - time to put up or shut up husband of mine! I went in - the place was packed - I assumed I was going to be wrong. The space inside is small and the seating is fairly limited but I was lucky to snag a seat at the bench seating near the wall - eat my lunch - and zone our to my podcast. Very refreshing. There are a ton of employees working here and they all seemed to stay pretty busy which was amazing given the small size of the place. The aesthetic was contemporary and inviting. I loved the wall of wood!Ordering up front I chose the Braised Lamb Shawarma with a Mint Lemonade. Ahhhhh! This food just smelled to-die-for let alone how well it was presented. The lamb seemed to be grilled on a flat top after being braised which created this salty crispy crust to the meat. The ingredients otherwise were fresh, well portioned, and well seasoned. The large size made it pretty difficult for me to eat it all but I did the best I could. I did however make sure to drink every last drop of the Mint Lemonade - A: because I paid for it B: because it was freaking delicious!Overall, my husband was right this place was pretty freaking delicious and it would be a go-to if I lived or worked in the neighborhood.
#REVIEW#So glad to have discovered this place. Super efficient people working here. Menu is on the wall too if you are on a hurry.Communal seating with napkins salt and pepper on every table. I had a lamb shawarma on a plate. Lamb was v fatty which I guess is a great thing for most people. Yellow rice smelled a tad like turmeric but hey that just means natural food coloring. Brownie point there! Salad on the side. And some sort of yogurt based sauce. What was the star of the show? The green mint chili chutney thing!Dying to go back to th their vegan dishes.
#REVIEW#Omg so good! I order the Kruveet bowl, comprised of a base (brown rice, yellow rice, or quinoa), arugula salad, cauliflower, spaghetti squash, eggplant, hummus, and tahini. The cauliflower, spaghetti squash, and eggplant is all roasted to the point that it's rich and creamy. Melts in your mouth! It's a very rich and big meal, but I don't mind getting a lot of food for my money!The location is central, right of union square on a quieter block, and it's nicely decorated spot. You order at the counter, so no tip.
#REVIEW#Decent fast food Mediterranean spot. Not too extensive of a menu with just enough options. They have long benches and stools for sitting. Menu is up on the wall and you order at the cashier. Pretty healthy options on the menu, including quinoa. The two cashiers were a bit unprofessional when I arrived, not greeting me and giggling on their phones as I was waiting at the counter to order.I ordered the chicken shawarma pan with yellow rice. Comes with a lot of different sides, which makes for a nice mixture. Everything tasted good (wasn't a huge fan of the pickles though). Tasty, fresh, and fast. Wasn't blown away by the food but good for a quick bite in the neighborhood.
#REVIEW#Let's start with the good. The sweet potato falafel on a pita was delicious. The sauce, the falafel, the salad IN it. Good to the last bite. I would totally grab one to go in the future. That's it. Tried a few things here with my sister who accompanied me. We were greatly disappointed. Hummus. Ordered it with sweet potato falafel in it and sweet potato fries on the side (which I paid an extra dollar to be seasoned.) The hummus was not the worst my sister had ever had, but she couldn't actually think of WHEN she had a worst one. She couldn't even finish it. The sweet potato fries were tasteless. I think I paid $1 extra for them to sprinkle sparingly some parmesan cheese on the top. Maybe 1 teaspoon. It didn't help and wasn't worth the $1. The hummus WAS saved by the sweet potato falafels that were in it.My sweet potato falafel pita came with a side of potato chips and I ordered a side of cauliflower. The potato chips were stale and the cauliflower was over cooked BUT well seasoned. So I'm putting it in the win column. All in all, not worth the price or the time in Union Square where there are so many other places you can grab a bite at various price points.
#REVIEW#I always get the sweet potato falafel after my hot hip hop yoga session. Perfect high protein fare to stay in shape.
#REVIEW#I went around 920pm. I was standing by the counter but the staff ignored me even though they were not busy. I had to call their attention. They made the braised lamb shawarma with brown rice quickly but seeing the sauce on the top made it messy and unappealing. I paid $17.42 which is expensive. At first, I was enjoying it but it was only because of the sauces. Without them, the meat was dry and flavorless. What was gross was that there was so much fat. I've never experienced this in other places. I had half a plate of fat. There were pieces of just pure fat. I thought they would have removed fat. I should've gone to Cava instead.
#REVIEW#Visited this place as it's right next to where all my classes are held. So after a long and an exhausting class I decided to give tabonette a try! I got the warm chickpeas hummus bowl with boiled eggs and pita bread and my fiancé got the falafel pita with veggie chips. We loved the flavors of the food and the fresh ingredients used! Will be back to try their salmon!
#REVIEW#This place is awesome. Sure, the wait can be long, the service is a bit cold, and it's on the pricier end of things, but wow, the food is just fantastic.I've ordered delivery (which by the way, is impossibly fast) and eaten in and the quality is unparalleled in both instances. The shakshuka pita is so flavorful and surprisingly not soggy, and the egg is this beautiful runny thing that pairs well with the tomato and cheese. I've also had the pulled pork pan and pita and both were just spectacular. The pulled pork is so moist (sorry, I hate that word too) and just maintains this smoky rich BBQ flavor so well. Paired with a jicama-apple slaw and the tastiest vermicelli yellow rice (or a pita), it's a perfectly filling, almost healthy meal. Delicious.If you order a pita and eat it in the restaurant, they give you a complimentary side of potato chips. These are some of the best chips I've ever had, so if they don't come with your meal please just do yourself a favor and order them on the side. That's all.
#REVIEW#This place is probably one of my favorite fast casual Mediterranean food eateries.  My office orders from here all the time along with many other similar spots and Taboonette is always a hit.  It's a bit more expensive than places like Cava, Nanoosh, and Hummus Place but you get what you pay for.  The salmon is perfectly done and the chicken is very flavorful.  Also, the hummus is addictive.  I feel like I need to put it on everything I eat.  Overall, delicious!
#REVIEW#Great and affordable place for college students to try out.Came with a friend on a weekday afternoon and it wasn't that crowded at all. You order your order were the cashier is and it is fast and efficient. I decided to get the shakshuka. The shakshuka was delicious and they give you flatbread on the side. The flatbread wasn't dry so that was great and the shakshuka was flavorful and filling.
#REVIEW#It is absolutely delicious, I just do wish it was a bit more balanced in the flavors, but could just be me. Portions are alright but wish I had another pita. It's on the expensive side, though, if you consider you can get good Mediterranean food anywhere in NYC for under $10.
#REVIEW#I got the hummus plate with chicken. It's literally just hummus and chicken with pita. Which is fine, but it was $14. I feel like this dish is only worth $8 at most. Taste was good.
#REVIEW#All around decent meal. Ordered the chicken shawarma plate - a little bland over all, but the mix was very yummy. I prefer Cava's food to this, but like the ambience here more.
#REVIEW#By far one of the best places I've been for QUICK and GREAT QUALITY hummus. The hummus dishes are flavorful and the texture is wonderfully creamy. Having had it multiple times, the quality is consistent and the pulled pork and lamb is so so so good. My only nit was this past pickup I did where I tried their 5 x 8" lamb kebab dish with vermicelli rice. While the lamb meatballs were yummy, I think I got unlucky because I kept getting gritty/sandy bites throughout the meat like how burnt ends crunch. Aside from this, the portions are perfect too and I'll definitely return to try more things! Two thumbs up.
