#NAME#Terri
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/terri-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sandwiches,juicebars,vegan#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Went to NYC with a friend a few weeks ago to attend a talk given by Jane Goodall. We decided we'd get to the city early so we could get some food and walk around and explore.It had been 2 years since I'd been to NYC and my friend was eager to show me some cool spots. We decided to eat at a vegan restaurant that wasn't too far from the venue so we wouldn't get lost or otherwise venture too far and risk being late to the talk.My friend named a few vegan restaurants and we decided to go with one of the closest ones that sounded really good and I hadn't already eaten food from when I last attended a vegfest in NY in 2017. We decided on Terri.I followed her to Terri because she'd eaten there before and knew the way.We walked in and were promptly greeted, then we took a few minutes to peruse the menu. I went with the buffalo chicken sandwich and a chocolate chip muffin. She ordered something that I forget and a ham (or was it bacon?), egg, and cheese sandwich. While we waited for our food, she went to use the bathroom only to learn they don't have a public bathroom. I've opted not to let that negatively impact this review because I literally never use restaurant bathrooms except in the most desperate of situations, so it's never something I factor into my reviews.My buffalo chicken sammich was absolutely delicious, and priced affordably, especially by NYC standards. I once ordered a smaller non-vegan sammich at a non-vegan cafe in NY in 2002 and that sammich was about the same price 17 years ago that I paid for this buffalo chicken at Terri a few weeks ago. My muffin,on the other hand was a bit over-priced and also a bit dry, but it was still good. I bake tons of my own muffins, so I like them a certain way. My friend doesn't like nutritional yeast and her breakfast sammich was very "noochy" so she took only a bite or two and gave me the rest. Yes!After we finished eating, we hung around for about 30-45 minutes and talked because it was raining heavily outside. No one seemed to mind us hanging out.Our visit to Terri was great and the next time I'm in NYC I want to go back and order one of those milkshakes...they looked delicious!
#REVIEW#The 2nd time coming to Terri and I'm giving the same star rating for a few reasons. This time I had the chickpea melt (aka vegan/vegetarian friendly version of a tuna melt) and it was super delicious! It wasn't too much mayo (fake mayo?) or chickpea salad. It was a nice balance between chickpea salad, mayo, tomato,  red onion, and it was nearly pressed in between two hearty pieces of what tasted like potato bread (?). The sandwich is huge at least for me but on a semi-empty stomach I inhaled the whole thing. Decent size for the price ($14+) which seemed a bit of a bummer. It was good but worth the cost? *shrug*The staff are welcoming, friendly, and accommodating - it was heavily raining outside, I took my sandwich to-go & they asked if I wanted a plastic bag. The space is very limited with seats - high top/bar stools only - and it had a distinct burnt smell. Also they have two doors, one from the street, the other from the New York Health and Racquet Club gym. I have a feeling it might get super crowded during the week but I don't know for sure. Would only go here in a pinch but there are a bunch of other vegan/vegetarian places nearby that give you more or the same portions for less money.
#REVIEW#As much as I want to like this place, I can't. It's not the food; the food is actually quite delicious and the shakes are to die for. The staff, every time that I've gone, act like somebody stole their tips. No matter how much I smile and try to be friendly, the staff is super unfriendly. Such a shame because it's right next to my Update:Staff changes have been successful. Matt is super friendly and makes the best shakes.
#REVIEW#Tasty, filling vegan fast casual. Same "fast food" concept as by Chloe, but with a bigger menu. Every meal I've eaten there has come out hot and fresh. The meatball sub is really delicious and hearty as is the bbq pork sandwich (I was worried it might have a smoky taste but it was subtle, mostly bbq). Their breakfast scramble (egg like tofu) and spinach wrap is huge and the grill marks are a nice touch. On the lighter but still satisfying side, their bbq chicken salad is great. Their protein bowl is one of the more simple, clean things you can eat and it's tasty too.Note: this is a small takeout counter place. There's only a high top facing the window with about 10 seats. It's cute, though.
#REVIEW#Modern vegan fast food, great location, amazing food!I finally made to famous Terri. Day dreaming about the place for weeks, I received the last sign I needed to finally go and check for myself the vegan fast food  Mecca of NYC. I wish I was greeted by enthusiastic staff, by people who love their job and its purpose. Maybe I am just spoiled and have high expectations of vegan restaurants. I got used to smiles and happiness (even in NYC!) in vegan places. Simple smile makes a huge difference.I ordered Chickpea Tuna Melt - chickpea salad, melted "cheddar", fresh tomato and onion - man!! Warm, little crunchy, delicious, million times better than real tuna version. I am serious. It was filling - yet light. I tried to enjoy every bite, eating slowly (it is very healthy way how to eat btw)  but I couldn't handle it and shoveled it in so fast, because it was soooooo good! The best fake tuna sandwich ever.Terri has limited "bar" seating, leaving the space open, great for rush hours and long lines. I couldn't resist and sat by the window decorated (or equipped) with comfy pillows and enjoyed it very much. I would complain just about too much plastic, not compostable wrapper. This is something to work on. There are compostable "plastic" cups, straws and other alternatives to reduce waste out there. Where else we should start than in the vegan restaurant?
#REVIEW#I've eaten here a lot, and it is some tasty vegan comfort food, with some decently healthy items as well.  Southwest chikn is mind blowing, chickpea tuna is delicious, as is the BBQ pulled pork and breakfast tofu scramble wrap.
#REVIEW#I'd say Terri is more 3.5 stars than 3, but I'm not committed to a 4 at this point.Terri is a quick, easy, 100% plant-based restaurant serving a number of sandwiches, wraps, and salads, in addition to some desserts such as cookies and brownies.I tend to veer away from fake meats most of the time, so I generally always go with the vegan tuna melt made with chickpeas (~13 with tax) when I eat here. Overall, the sandwich is decent, but I keep forgetting that they add a lot of fake vegan cheese to it. Next time, I'll order it without vegan cheese and add extra tomato to make it more healthy/tasty. I'd suggest those who are looking for a vegan cheese/meat-free meal to try this option too. The chickpea "tuna" is actually pretty good on its own.
#REVIEW#Ooo another one of my favorite places to go to on my lunch break! They have an incredible vegan menu to choose from!. I highly recommend their burgers, soups, and if you're in for a treat DEFINITELY go for a cupcake (or cookie)! The best part is that its all plant based! It's a cute little atmosphere, the employees are without a doubt going to put a smile on your face! Everything is fresh and prepared quickly, never had to wait long. But the reason I'm giving Terri 4 stars is because the food is a bit costly and you don't really get much of it (NYC... go figure! haha)
#REVIEW#I've had almost every plant based burrito in city from some of the best Mexican restaurants. Terri doesn't even specialize in Mexican or any type of food but their burrito is the best I've had.  There's absolutely nothing lacking in it.
#REVIEW#The tofu scramble is amazing. It has a great mix of spices and almost tastes meaty. I also love the hollandaise sauce that comes with it because it's acidity perfectly compliments the scramble's savoriness.In addition to the scramble, you get french toast and home fries with the breakfast slam. The french toast was cooked just right and I enjoyed the fresh bananas and blueberries on top. The maple syrup, however, is pretty watered down. The strawberry butter was also strange; I thought it would be a strawberry flavored butter but it was instead butter pieces suspended in strawberry jam. It tasted good but the texture was odd.They let me swap the home fries for sweet potatoes without an extra charge, which I appreciate. And it was worth it because those huge sweet potato chunks just melt in your mouth! Everything I've tried from Terri in years past has been fantastic and this was nothing different.
#REVIEW#Atmosphere 6/10 Meh, sad plantsFood: 7/10 GoodishValue: 7/10 Call me demanding, but I expect a lot from a $13 burgerService: Kinda meh.I got the Terri Burger: Beyond Meat, "queso", lettuce, tomato, thousand islands on a bun. It was flavorful though short of mind blowing. The Patty itself was slightly dry in texture. The queso was surprisingly liquid; this was the biggest downside for me. I've come to expect a thicker texture. "Queso," vegan or otherwise, is an established thing and I feel the texture should be firmer than liquid. Y'know, like queso! The lettuce and tomato were tasty and fresh.Granted this is a burger joint, but the presentation was less than exalted. The burger looked a little lonely, garnish-free in its relatively vast basket. But major points for using a metal basket rather than a disposable plate!So the service was a little meh. I stood there for an awkwardly long while, seriously visible and obviously ready to order, while the two employees behind the counter, having seen me, talked to each other while fussing with empty paper bags. It felt kinda bad tbh. I'd like to come back and try something else. Some dude got a smoothie and it looked realllllly good! To be continued ...
#REVIEW#If you like vegan food, this is an awesome spot. I'm not vegan, but for reasons unbeknownst to me, I love the taste of dairy-free cheese and all of those other vegan alternatives that no one knows how to pronounce. I got the breakfast scramble wrap and it was freaking awesome. Super filling and perfectly proportioned. It actually looked like the picture, which is always exciting. My pictures are terrible, but that's because I was super hungry. Will 100% be back to try more of the menu!!
#REVIEW#There are any number of reasons to try a new place, but pocketbook incentive is always up there. So I was quick to hop on a Groupon offering and give Terri a spin. I haven't looked back. Their menu has changed recently, but some of my all-vegan favorites are Chicken Caesar Wrap, Philly, Meatball, and, yes, Fish Filet! These are the greats IMO, but everything else is at least solid to good (though I don't care much for their breakfast offerings). Overall comprehensive menu (supposedly each section of menu in order of popularity) full of incredible wraps, sandwiches, salads, bowls, sides, and sweets. TOTALLY TIME-RELEVANT INFORMATION: They may not totally appreciate putting this on blast, but Terri seems to be perpetually on Groupon. Usually comes out to around a 35% discount. I believe you can buy one offer a month at each location (perfect to double up if live near one and work near another). They also have a good catering offer (which of course I bought for personal use over a long weekend!). Vegan, Vegetarian, Meatless Monday adherent, or just curious, go to Terri, enjoy a nice vegan treat and help save the world in the process (yeah, that's right!).
#REVIEW#Terri has a fantastic green smoothie, complete with almond butter and spinach. It tastes fresh, sweet (but not too sweet) and hearty, and fills me up for a long time. If there are multiple people in line, the wait can be a little bit long as they make the smoothies fresh, but otherwise this is the perfect place to stop in the morning for a green smoothie on the way to work.
#REVIEW#Terri is in my regular lunch rotation, thanks to Mealpal!I've had the:Protein BowlKale SuperfoodThai Chicken WrapFor $12+ for lunch entrees, it certainly is on the pricier end, but their ingredients are fresh, and even though they're vegan, they are NOT lacking in flavor at all, and their lunches always keep me full (even the salads!) They always provide enough protein and fillings/toppings to keep you satisfied. Very fair for the pricing!Salads: the dressings are always so good (the lemon tahini one on the kale superfood salad is TO DIE FOR!) and the veggies are always fresh, toppings plentiful. It looks small but it keeps me full for over 3-4 hours, more than I can say for a lot of other salads.Thai Chicken Wrap: HOLY MOLY, I was so surprised when I got this. It was LEGIT the size of two wraps, so the $12 price tag is warranted, lol. I don't really care for vegan products as 'meat' substitutes, but the seitan they used was really like the texture of chicken, didn't miss the meat at all. VERY, VERY GOOD and would definitely get this again.Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
#REVIEW#I have been struggling to figure out different meals after becoming vegan and let me just say this is the perfect place! I got the avocado and hummus wrap with tofu and I have never tasted anything like it, highly recommend and friendly staff!
#REVIEW#Great food. Great customer service. Great breakfast slam!!Never a bad experience at Terri's anywhere I go.
#REVIEW#This is the best real food / comfort food the service is friendly and they know there food (ingredients) they are 100% vegan, they have gluten free options. The cookies cakes and donuts yum yum yum... the salad boxes wow fresh and filling...Its a must stop and eat when your in Manhattan
#REVIEW##For all these years, I thought this place was exclusively a juice shop. Didn't realize they had food.I got this #salad from Mealpal. It's already pre-made in the cooler. Not bad. Maybe the BBQ sauce on the fake meat was too sweet. But overall a decent #salad.I would have #eaten here a lot more a couple of years ago when I was on my gout diet, because it's vegetarian. But that was before I read a small Japanese research study that people lowered their #uric acid levels by drinking whisky. So now I'm a meat-eater again and also an alcoholic.
#REVIEW#Food is good.  A bit pricey for sandwiches. Lots of "meat" substitutes for a plant-based menu. Why not just make plant-based food items instead of "meatballs" or "bacon"?The scene is your standard, stuck-up, holier-than-thou "vegan" crowd.  Lots of points to them for eating "bacon."  Service was quick. Staff faked being nice very well. Which is fine with me.Overall its OK. I just don't get the warm and fuzzies like I do with other plant-based spots.
