#NAME#The Meatball Shop
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-meatball-shop-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,tradamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I'm in love with the (non-meat) meatball!Cool type of place- the menus are dry-erase and it has a nice ambiance. I've never been to this place when it was not packed, but the service is pretty quick so it's never been a problem.I love this place because of what they believe in. I went when their cocktail proceeds were going to LGBTQ services during Pride, and they are also sustainable by powered by fully renewable energy! Try their bucket of balls if you're a group. You won't regret anything. I'm glad this business has taken off!
#REVIEW#Snuck in here last night for a late dinner and some wine. Was tasty. Only complaint was the obnoxious table of 6 that got seated during my meal. A guy kept singing and everyone was staring at him. You'd think the waitress would have said something. Food was ok. I later found out this was a chain, not awful but I'm sure if loses some of the authenticity with flavor to the meatballs. I added a side of broccoli with chili flakes to mine and that added to it. Overall a good place to try just once.
#REVIEW#First of all the food here is good. I ordered the regular bowl of spaghetti and the side of 4 meatballs in the past but there was not enough spaghetti. They wanted me to order another eight dollar order of spaghetti, I declined, and my meal was not enjoyable.The next time I was advised to order the "big bowl baller plate" of spaghetti and meatballs, to avoid the problem in the past... I did it was $24.50AGAIN NOT NEARLY ENOUGH SPAGHETTI, and no more than the 1st bowl.... An extra bowl of spaghetti would be $8, each extra meatball is $3- again, they advised me to order extra food. I have never been to a restaurant where I need to order extra portions to have a "normal" meal. I don't understand this, spaghetti is not expensive, why do I have to pay $32 for a normal sized bowl of spaghetti and meatballs?!?! I ended up having to go home to cook more spaghetti on my own, which completely defeats the purpose of having to pick up food from a restaurant. It cost me an extra three dollars, but I had leftover spaghetti for next time, I think I'll make my own meatballs next time as well. Extremely frustrating.
#REVIEW#This place is open late which was quite nice. I ended up coming in for a late night snack. I got 4 classic meatballs with classic sauce and bread for about $10.The food was okay, the bread tasted a little stale but the rest of the food was good. The meatballs tasted like standard meatballs, and had quite a good variety of ingredients in it. The sauce was decent but not my favorite, it was a very classical version of tomato sauce and not much else.Overall an okay meal in a city with too many amazing other options.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday night with my bf and it was packed! Pls come early. The area is not the largest but it's cozy. Got greeted by the friendly staff. Got the menu right away. Aly our waitress was attentive and asked if we ever been here before and it was our first time. She provide additional information on how the menu worked and what she recommended and the specials for the day. We order quit a few dishes, risotto balls, avocado quinoa sampler dish(forgot name), ramen pork meatball, classic meatballs & spaghetti and the crab po boys. Everything was delicious. I originally wanted the meat balls stuffed spaghetti but they ran out ... only limited availabilities FYI! Aly was super attentive and asked how we liked everything, super sweet and then cleared our dishes cause the table is pretty small and we ordered a lot. Right as she took our food away, she mentioned I'll bring the dessert menu like as if you know you deserve it cause it's a Friday night! Definitely come here and check out my girl Aly. Bomb service
#REVIEW#Love the concept of this restaurant and how they have a whole menu that works for the meatballs aka their main attraction/niche. It's a cute intimate spot with outside seating and bar. Yes it can get packed but from what i saw parties are constantly coming in and on and i didn't see many stay for longer than 1 hr, so even if you have to wait a bit, you'll def get seated. Had their classic balls with the classic sauce and the pasta and it was pretty good... the sauce didn't taste too authentic/ it wasn't anything crazy good to rave about but it was a solid meal. Meat balls were good too, bread was a bit hard but i softened it up with the sauce. It's a good spot, good food, and a nice environment. I give it a thumbs up! Service was also good, our server was nice!
#REVIEW#Lukewarm to cold food. Great idea but poor execution. The best thing about the Meatball Shop are the decorations and atmosphere.It's intimate and open with the long family style table. While waiting for our number at Russ & Daughters, my fellow diners and I decided for a quick pre-breakfast and ordered the biscuits and gravy $15 and a bowl of naked balls $10.50, which comes with 4 of the same kind of balls and 1 kind of sauce. We opted for the chicken meatballs with tomato sauce. It came with a cold sad piece of focaccia. The chicken meatballs didn't taste like chicken, were incredibly soft and simply delicate. The biscuits and gravy came with a cold sad biscuit, two pork balls, mushroom gravy, and two over easy eggs. The pork balls had too much breading because they fell apart with the touch of a fork. The mushroom gravy was simply pepper, mushrooms, and a corn starch slurry. Not sure what's so great about this place if they can't even churn out hot food and all of it's pre-made, ready to be plated. Can you guys bring in a microwave like Chili's?Service was good. Restaurant is small and cute. Food is disappointing. The one thing they're supposed to be good for was incredibly lacking.
#REVIEW#Called in here for a light lunch. We ordered an array or meatballs, the garlic spinach, the daily risotto and sauces and all were very good. A simple menu with variations on the theme of meatballs. you can mix and match meat types and sauces. The food was decent portion sized but a bit pricey for golf ball sized meatballs. A great restaurant, with great staff, highly recommended.
#REVIEW#Its all about the BALLS. You mark the menu to order the kind of BALLS, the sauce for the BALLS, as well as style - ranging from Naked BALLS or Sandwiched BALLS. Also noteworthy are the Nojitos (ha). We snacked on mini BALLS of buff chicken in cheese that is blue, sided with some of the crispiest celery sticks ever. Tender but overpowering in flavor, comprable to wings.I had the Veggie BALLS with pesto, naked because that was the cheapest option but with the most BALLS (x4). I enjoyed the texture (lots of nuts that go crunch) but taste was dry and stuffy. And I like my BALLS juicy. Fiance's classic BALLS were much more satisfying, although even for him it was a little too much. Hefty content. Hostess looked crazy young but had alot of confidence in what she was doing. You go girl!
#REVIEW#My joy of eating out is to explore as many restaurants as possible but this one right here I can go to over and over again and again!! I can't say much but that you have to go. Everything is scrumptious and my fav sauce is the Parmesan sauce
#REVIEW#Can't really stressed how underwhelming the food here really is. Ordered the Spicy Pork meatballs with Spicy Meat Sauce. Added spaghetti and polenta. The meal came with probably 4 oz of spaghetti. I could have bought the same a block away at Whole Foods for $1.99. My wife ordered the Classic Meatballs with Creamy Sauce. These were somehow more disappointing than mine. I have become convinced that Millennials have yet to discover seasoning. As a foodie and big fan of quality food, this restaurant was just disappointing on so many levels. Save yourself the trouble and don't pay $46 for unseasoned, dry, bland meatballs from a trendy yet massively overrated restaurant.
#REVIEW#I'm in love with "The Balls". I had the opportunity to try out the meatballs from The Meatball Shop. They are delicious!First you choose your "Ball" - classic beef, spicy pork, chicken, veggie, or special. Followed by Choose Your Sauce - classic tomato, spicy meat, mushroom gravy, parmesan cream, pesto, specialI tried both the classic tomato and mushroom gravy. The mushroom gravy was my favorite. Creamy, and delicious, with juicy bites of mushroom.  I can't wait to come by for brunch to try their brunch menu. "Balls" & Brunch - what a concept.  Thank you Heather for serving up the most delicious & satisfying "Balls"!Oh & the chocolate chip cookies - a must try!!!
#REVIEW#I needed to know what was the rave about this place. I've had a lot of meatballs in my lifetime so it's best to put my two cents in. It was a pretty nice place, the tables were super small... the seating as well. But that's to be expected as you are in the city. I had ordered the spicy pork meatballs with rigatoni and butternut squash all in creamy Parmesan sauce. My meal came out to be $22. Pretty pricey for something that did not blow my mind. I don't mind it but the thing that threw me off was that in my bowl, I literally ate 7 rigatoni noodles looool. The pasta needed to be cooked a little bit longer as it was still hard. I still ate it. My meatballs were alright to say the least... not the greatest I've had. It was suppose to be spicy but the only thing that gave it a little bit of a kick was the green/red bell peppers lol. What a disappointment. My boyfriend has the classic meatballs in the classic red tomato sauce with spaghetti noodles. It was whatevs. His classic meatballs apparently had more flavor and the texture was way better than mine! Overall, there are a LOT of competition in LES area and I was disappointed to spend my money and waste my stomach space at the Meatball Shop as it did not meet my expectations.
#REVIEW#The Meatball shop is all over the city and they have really cool options. I went here for brunch and actually enjoyed the biscuits they offered and the gravy- but wasn't a huge fan of the actual pork meatballs. My cousin got the lobster meatballs and those were delicious. Really enjoyed picking at her food. If you're a fan of meatballs then you'll enjoy the various types of meatballs that they offer.
#REVIEW#FIRST OFF I LOVE THE MEATBALL SHOP. This was the smallest location I've ever been to. I wouldn't recommend a date night or a group to dine here. The food was great. We had two different waitresses as one was ending her shift half way through our meal. The second waitress let us try the wine we picked prior to ordering it and was super sweet (wish I had gotten her name). All in all, if you've been to 'one' you've been to them all. The only drawback is the size of this location.
#REVIEW#I would typically write a 5-star review for the beloved meatball shop, as I've visited other locations, but this experience just wasn't the same! We decided on a later dinner when we went to the meatball shop around 9:30 on a Saturday night. Though 2 out of the 3 of us had been before, we had to explain the whole process to our friend who had never been since the waiter neglected to ask if we'd been before. Our service was just ok, most of the time it felt as if we weren't even a priority. Of course our meatballs were outstanding, so we enjoyed the food just the same, but the experience was lacking greatly. Towards the end of our visit, a couple of drunk guys came in and sat directly next to us when there were plenty of seats open and kind of ruined the vibe for us. They were never spoken to about screaming and swearing so we finished our meals and left quickly. Of course will go back to Meatball Shop, maybe just not this location!
#REVIEW#My daughter wanted to go out to eat when I picked her up from the airport on a late night around 11:30. We say that this location was still open until 1am. When we arrived it was not busy. I think we were the only ones eating in. There were a few people that came in for pickup orders. I ordered chicken meatballs with spaghetti and spicy meat sauce. I did think that the sauce was spicy at all. The meatball s were kinda dry to me. Idk what it is but it seems like the chorus just so dry. Maybe I will have to try a different kind if I ever go back there again. I also thought that the meat sauce was bland. My husband ordered a sandwich. To be honest I don't remember which one he ordered.  He said they it was just ok. I asked him what he would give it on a scale of 1-10 he said a 2.5. He is with me at 98% of the restaurants that I go to and review so he knows what he is taking about. I will say that my hubby and I have been to the upper east side location before years ago and we never went back because we really did like it then but our 17 year old wanted to go so we took her.  FYI she thought the food was good!! I will say there was something that bothered be about the workers. The kitchen is visible to everyone. I think it looks so tacky when u have a cook that has his pants sagging so low that the whole ass is out. SMH. I am not even an uptight person at all and I know that the boys like to have there pants sagging but his pants were way to low. I don't understand how the management let him have it that low in the kitchen especially when everyone can look back at him and see it.  It professional at all.
#REVIEW#Was driving and saw The Meatball Shop... pulled over and ran in for 10 minutes for a to go order...nice a bit pricey but it's an experience
#REVIEW#I've have eaten here three times now and every experience has been the same or worst. The meatballs are just not good. I usually get it with spaghetti and I don't want to sound mean but in all honesty, every diner I've eaten at has far better meatballs. They always come out lukewarm and bland, same story with the pasta. In regards to their other dishes, the mini buffalo meatballs were soggy and also had a bland taste. I wish they did something special or creative like some kind of filling in the middle such as blue cheese etc. I expect them to be creative at the prices they charge for a meal. The only saving grace was their delicious Ice cream sandwiches
#REVIEW#Look, maybe if I had a trust-fund and thought               'Friends' was the funniest, smartest show ever, I'd like The Meatball Shop. The dark, "intimate" tables-on-top-of-each-other aesthetic of The Meatball Shop, and the prices are meant to trick the patron into thinking it's a cooler and swankier place than it is. It's $17 for four tasteless meatballs and barely cooked rigatoni. Here in New York, where you have infinite choice of where and what to eat, The Meatball Shop doesn't compare to the value of a gastro-pub steak for about $30 or a full dinner at a diner for about $24. As a working-class New Yorker, this is what I think about when I choose a restaurant. Perhaps, if the food wasn't basic, bland and unfilling I'd let myself return every once in a while. I will admit, their desserts were pretty stellar and creative, prices average, hence two stars.
