#NAME#EN Japanese Brasserie
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/en-japanese-brasserie-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,diners,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Omg this place was amazing! The most impactful dish in my mind was the truffle mousse - I don't even have the words to describe it. The beef was also really great, you cook it yourself. The sea bass was also so flavorful (and also slightly sweet but in a tasteful way). It was pricy but also so worth it. I paired it with a sake they recommended based on my preference for sweeter drinks and it was a great combo. A less memorable dish was the squid rice dish. The tofu was also a specialty (made fresh every couple hours)...  but it just tasted like tofu to me? The sushi was also really good but I think not the start of the show. We went in a group of 10 for a bachelorette and ordered only 1 order or each so we could try a little bit of everything. I would recommend doing it that way!
#REVIEW#Somewhat disappointed by my most recent visit after having some memorable meals here in the past. This time was kind of uneven. Seated in the area next to the host's desk. Low smallish table, cumbersome, rounded soft chairs. A bit awkward. Our waiter was unevenly attentive to us despite ordering over $500 of food. Dishes came out very unevenly (which our waiter warned us about upfront) but there were such long gaps that took the fun out of our meal. Menu is very complicated and definitely takes time to figure out. The food was very good with some lapses. Age Dashi Tofu was not the best -- broth was syrupy; Tofu was gummy. Fiddlehead Tempura delicious. Hamachi Kama was wonderful but we had to ask for ponzu sauce. Uni was extremely fresh and served with a creamy tofu. The lobster was microscopic and wasn't worth the long wait. Left the table still peckish. Not good after the bill gave us sticker-shock.
#REVIEW#I came here on a Thursday evening with some friends for dinner. The restaurant itself has a great ambiance once you enter and is very spacious. The waitstaff was attentive and accommodating. I also found the bathrooms to be clean as well. It gives the vibe of an upscale dining experience. But putting it out there - the food is expensive and portions are a bit stingy. We ordered a couple of items:+ The toro which was quite delicious+ Fresh tofu which had a great texture + Uni w/ rice which fell below expectations, especially considering how expensive it was+ The grilled chicken which my friends told me was one of the best grilled chicken they've had in the city+ Skirt steak which was also a table favoriteI'll let you look up the menu but in my opinion not worth the price tag. Overall, I don't think I would come here again -- there are cheaper places for better tasting Japanese food in the city. Or maybe i just don't have a fine enough palate to appreciate the uni.
#REVIEW#I always book table in advanced before coming here to avoid waiting. This place has become one of top Japanese restaurant to go in NYC. Yes the price is expensive but the food and quality are phenomenal. Service can be a little slow but the food makes up for it!My go to items from the menu are:1. Housemade tofu2. Chawanmushi with uni - yum3. The cod4. Wagyu beef - they will come to your table first with the meat before cooking it5. Garlic fried riceSo gooooooooooddd! I would highly recommend this place.
#REVIEW#Had to repost this because it got taken down.  Removed the unnecessary bits this time.Valentine's Day, just under $400 for 2.  Ever imagine what economy class airline food would taste like outside of its uncomfortable, 14 hour trans-pacific flying tin-can natural setting?  Welcome to En Japanese Brasserie, home to fishy garbage and small portions.  6 courses.  Don't be fooled by the pictures and downright shit presentation at times.1. The appetizer was a zensai of shit oysters with shit caviar, fucking broccoli literally wrapped by a thin slice of shit prosciutto, 'red beet mousse' more like shit pudding, washugyu beef sushi which was actually just a thin slice of what appeared to be nake mole rat skin wrapped around a giant hunk of garbage rice, 'scallop carpaccio' more like scallop garbagio, and finally some grimy mud they pretended was monk fish liver.  2. Smoked sashimi smoked with 'cherry blossom wood chip' LOL get the fuck out of here. This dish was essentially some shitty artificial bbq oil smoke surrounding a pile of fish that appeared to be sliced with a chainsaw, thrown atop a pile of throwaway seaweed garnish that tasted like a cadaver's asshole. 3. Lobster 'Shabu Shabu' jesus christ. Presented with the empty shell of a full-grown lobster, at first glance I thought 'oh a full lobster'; but if you look closely, in the corner of the plate is a small pile of half raw, half completely overcooked lobster bits that looked like an NYC sewer rat had been knawing on them for a couple minutes.  Then they presented this candle-powered paper cup held 'shabu shabu' liquid that tasted like freshly squeezed dirty dish rag soaked in spoiled lemonade. Dip it in some garbage ponzu sauce and voila, 'Lobster shabu shabu'.4. Washugyu steak HAHA fjiaowj;eoiawje;foia.  This was an outback steakhouse ribeye, raw in the center, well-done edges doused in some horrendous soy-sauce based toilet water.  Even worse was the presentation; literally bits of veggies from the freezer section of your local supermarket strewn about all over the plate like the shit you see at 3am at iHop. 5. Chirashi.  A box of rice topped with shredded bits of shit toro, umi, leaves, more leaves, and mushrooms.  Imagine if delta airlines attempted to make an economy class chirashi dish and served it to you in a wooden box. No thank you, I'll take the vegetarian option please.  6. Dessert was an unfortunate affair of 2 blueberries, 2 strawberries, 2 blackberries, and 2 raspberries neatly presented with a green fondue sauce that tasted like sugar cane gently blended with diarrhea.  Oh also some chocolate 'cake'.  More like dried shit patties. Overall - Every dish that contained seafood was disgustingly fishy as if all of their ingredients were left to ripen in a steamy bathroom stall.  How they managed to procure such a consistently dense and putrid fishy flavor in every dish is honestly impressive.  The steak was some cheap shit that was pounded and tenderized chinese take-out style, and everything just reeked of cheapness.  The ambience is ok, if you can ignore the unending drone of a thousand ibankers talking about how important they are.  Service - I would have forgiven everything if only the service was good.  It wasn't.  We had a reservation for 9pm.  We arrived at 9pm and got seated at 9:25pm.  They initially refused to check our coats because they 'ran out of ticket numbers' only to realize that they could just.. make more numbers, eventually taking our coats some time afterward.  Unreal.  Once seated, it took another 15 minutes to get some water, and another 15 minutes to get our first dish.  Each dish afterward took around 15 minutes, +- 10 minutes.  It was very inconsistent and made everything taste that much worse.  1/100 Never again.
#REVIEW#3.5 stars but I'm rounding down. Whomp. I forgot who exactly recommended EN Japanese Brasserie to me but the gist of their recommendation was "come here if you really want to treat yourself to Japanese food." And, to put positives first, I will say that the dining space is insanely beautiful and sleek, with actual room to sit and talk. This kind of dining real estate is practically unheard of in Manhattan, where the worst was when I lifted a forkful of food to my mouth and a crumb bounced off the edge of my plate and onto my neighbor's (Buvette in the West Village, I still cringe at the memory). And the food we ordered was delicious as well. I haven't had homemade tofu in a long time and I'm always reminded of how much better it tastes than the store-bought, vacuum-sealed version where it's been sitting in a tub of its own water. The little side dishes of mushrooms and pickles were good as well, though. But, add to the fact that our food came out almost eerily quickly after we placed our order and everything was ice-cold in temperature, I was a little thrown off at how it seemed to have come straight out of the fridge. The service was also really off, despite the restaurant being 20% full on a weekend afternoon. For the most part, our waitress seemed to actively avoid our table. We just couldn't find her - not to take our order and not to get our check. I had to keep flagging down the busboys. Another thing: we gave our waitress two credit cards to split the bill. She took it (I guess not really noticing there were two cards) and then dropped my friend's card on the floor by accident and just walked off. Had my friend not gotten up and noticed her card on the flood and actually followed her to the register, she would have just swiped my card for the whole bill without realizing she had dropped a customer's card on the floor. As with most things in life, it's all in the details, and for a place to pay such attention to the decor and ambiance, it was weird and off-putting where the actual customer interaction lacked much awareness at all. I'm not saying all places should have Nakazawa-level of detail (where I swear the servers have ESP) but it's definitely not good where the only thing I'll really remember about EN is that the waitress dropped the credit card.
#REVIEW#Had such a great time at this authentic Japanese restaurant! We started out with the sapoon lemon drink which was my absolute favorite! So fresh and curated perfectly. The decor was nice and you have the option to take off your shoes and sit on the floor like traditional Japanese style and eat your food! We started off with edamame and a tuna avocado salad. Both were as expected! Then we ordered the crunchy stone crab roll which was so delicious and I would definitely order again. The tofu roll was a bit off for me texture wise and flavor was average. The miso cod could have had a little more sauce on it, but it was cooked nicely. My absolute favorite out of everything would have to be the beef cooked on a hot stone! It was Devine and I would come back just for that! Absolutely delicious. Service was a little slow due to possibly how busy they were.
#REVIEW#Amazing food! The interior design is very tastefully done. The only complaint was that the dishes took very long to come, and it was difficult to get a hold of our waiter although the restaurant was half empty.Highly recommend:Uni specialGarlic fried ricePumpkin side dish
#REVIEW#Tried to go to takashi but the wait was an hour to an hour and a half so we ended up here. A friend had been before and recommended it. Ordered the soyo kaze tasting menu - definitely the right choice. Highlights for me were the sashimi - really fresh and good selection, the tofu - the pour over sauce was a great accompaniment to the silky tofu and the chicken. I'm not usually a huge chicken fan but with the hot stone, watercress and sauce I was sold.
#REVIEW#*CAUTION: this is a long ass review.This is legit the first time in my life being seriously pissed off about the quality of food and overall service during restaurant experience. I have never written any review in yelp. I'm a big foodie in NYC and I know what to expect from this price range of restaurant.Me and my friend ordered Soyo Kaza ($80) from what they claim to be "Kaiseki" LOL. Taste-1. O-Banzai (chef's selection of three Kyoto-style appetizers) - Everything about this dish was extremely off. It was so cold that I could honestly tell that it came straight from the refrigerator to the dish. Not even close to room temperature. The seasoning is incredibly salty and each portion is ridiculously big, making us doubt if they even know what they're doing.2. Chef's sashimi selection - The sashimi is FISHY overall. The only thing that I enjoyed is the thickness of salmon. maybe soy sauce too.3. Saikyo miso marinated grilled black cod - Again, the seasoning is incredibly salty and empowering without rice or any kind of neutralizer. At this point we had to call the server and tell that this is so salty, we cannot eat this. I also expressed about the general quality about the food thus far. Came back telling us that the chef can't adjust the black cod tho bcs it has already been marinated (lol), and made a suggestion that they can replace it with a shrimp dish. Honestly I had zero trust in this restaurant at this point. 4. Freshly scooped tofu served with wari-joyu - It came slightly before the substitute for a black cod that we've complained which was bizarre, but it is not even important. Again, forget about the room temperature, the tofu is FREEZING. I couldn't care less about whether the tofu is made by the restaurant, whatsoever.5. Fried shrimp ball - This came as a substitute for black cod. No single element could exceed the quality of instant food version of this; texture, flavor, or seasoning. Nothing.We had 3 more courses left but also had enough of this joke and managed to talk with the manager. He told us that they can do another try by serving us a different dish. However we made it clear that we do not want to continue the course and honestly feel like we cannot pay for this food at all. He made the least favor to agree and we left. Service - There was never a single instance where someone asked if everything is ok. Instead, a random server came over and only asked "Can I take this away" when he could clearly see that we barely ate. It happened TWICE. Needless to even mention a proper service education/etiquette but can you please have a common sense at least? Our server seemed indifferent at its best, I could also sense that he wanted to avoid dealing with our situation as possible. Also, one of the lady servers said "excuse me" on my way to the restroom, on my back. When I turned around she was carrying her dishes. But LOL, why would you say that on someone's back when I'm just walking straight at normal speed?Overall, the whole experience put me in a state of serious meditation because I felt like I would lose it if I don't. The food is comparable to a leftover food, please do not name this an Asian/Japanese cuisine. Shout out to the chefs and servers who turned this beautiful place into a mockery. This restaurant is such a shame and a huge scam.
#REVIEW#EN Japanese is one of our favorite izakayas in New York. I have been going to Tokyo for 30 years and always enjoy visiting a great izakaya. Thankfully we are seeing more of them here in New York and most are very good. Sit at the food bar at EN Japanese and watch the chefs at work. The fish, both sashimi and cooked, is excellent. The tempura is also like what you get in Japan. Their house made warm tofu is the star of the show. Add to that awesome cocktails (Master bartender Gen Yamamoto was the mixologist here before returning to Tokyo), interesting desserts and a terrific atmosphere and you have a wonderful experience.
#REVIEW#Really bad experience. First we waited 30min to get seated. The waitress was beyond arrogant and smirking non stop.Food took forever to come and almost everything was pretty bad... compared to what you can get in other japanese spots in the city. It's definitely not worth it. Bonus points for the combo bad service and bad food!
#REVIEW#Great (traditional/authentic) Japanese food.  I stopped in for lunch after an appointment at the passport agency, and had no idea what to expect. The restaurant is very modern/minimalist with beautiful stone and plants, and a central bar area where I sat.  Lunch options are set menus or sashimi, and not knowing the portion sizes, accidentally ordered about 1.8 meals for myself.Everything was great (and the menu varies based on what is available and fresh), but it was the best chicken karaage I've ever had anywhere, lotus root and chicken, pork, and a few other items.  The cocktail and sake menus are extensive, and the one cocktail I had ("ginger") was very good.
#REVIEW#I have been coming here for years, and although the food is somewhat overpriced in my opinion, the quality is excellent and the atmosphere is very appropriate for a slightly higher-end Japanese dining experience. The space itself is grand in scale but in typical Japanese fashion subtle in its decoration. The saikyo miso black cod is one of the standout items, along with the freshly-made tofu and truffle chawanmushi. Individual items are mostly on the lighter side, so I often recommend to friends to add the salmon clay rice pot which is delicious and can round out the meal. I have not sampled too many of the drinks here but did try a sesame-based shochu once which was very tasty and quite different. A great choice for date night or a special occasion.
#REVIEW#AMAZING place! My boss took me to lunch here and recommended the cod miso bento box and it did not disappoint. The fish was perfectly cooked and utterly delicious. My first thought was to bring my mother here as soon as I can so she can try the delish food too.Service was great too. Waiters were super attentive and did not pry too much as our conversation was business related. The restaurant itself is super spacious and the crowd is definitely older. I'll be back!
#REVIEW#Impress your dining companion(s) with the kaiseki here. The modern aesthetic, minimalist decor and fantastic whiskey are just icing. On the night we dined, we got:- O-BANZAI - chef's selection of three Kyoto-style appetizers- Chef's sashimi selection*- Saikyo - miso marinated grilled black cod- Freshly scooped tofu served with wari-joyu- Stone grilled organic chicken with garlic shoyu- Chilled buckwheat noodles with dashi dipping broth- Seasonal ice cream (pumpkin)Everything was well done and arrived at just the right times. We ended feeling full yet not bloated, which is the way a kaiseki should be.
#REVIEW#It is a great restaurant! My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night. We ordered salmon clay pot rice, scooped tofu, edamame and the hot stone organic chicken. All the dishes are very delicious, and my favorites are scooped tofu and chicken. The atmosphere is very nice. The service is great, attentive but not too much. The decoration of the restaurant is modern and grandeur.Love it a lot. It is worth the price, and I will definitely come back.
#REVIEW#I came to En on a Friday night with reservations and found that the restaurant was not too crowded or loud. The service was a bit spotty at first, however, as the meal progressed it turned out to be quite helpful ! My boyfriend and I split seaweed, peppers, and chicken dishes as well as some sashimi to start. We both ordered two fish dishes to share as well, the miso cod and the bass. Everything we ordered we enjoyed but the fish dishes were outstanding ! These are definitely must gets ! Both were super flakey and the cod had a rich texture and flavor without too much miso. The bass pulled right off of the bones, making it easy to eat. Our server shared that the best part of the fish is actually the cheek and urged us to try it. Overall a great experience and can't wait to go back !
#REVIEW#For my Birthday this year, my spouse and I decided to treat ourselves at this fancy restaurant.Upon entering, you will be greeted with a modern take on a Japanese interior.The bar, which serves as a waiting area offered wide varieties of concoctions, wines and local beer.We chose the Soya Kase; it's a 7 course dinner with sake pairings. There were ups and downs with the selection, some I particularly like and a couple that did not really stand out to the occasion. It wasn't bad but I was just not blown away. I really liked the Saikyo miso marinated grilled black cold, stone grilled organic chicken and the freshly scooped tofu served with their very own wari-joys sauce.I was particularly disappointed with the slow service that night. It took more than couple of hours to conclude our dinner and left me half hungry. I guess it was just a one time experience for me, I'll try other upscale Japanese brasseries in order to compare!
#REVIEW#Just mediocre. While the decor and ambiance of the restaurant is great, I feel like the food is overpriced and the portions are small and leave much to be desired. In addition, everything seemed to have too much soy sauce or saltiness. The whiskey flights were good and even though I'm not a huge fan of whiskey, I enjoyed the presentation. The servers are attentive and very very professional, but overall the food is not worth it and I will not be returning.
