#NAME#Brooklyn Bagel & Coffee Company
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/brooklyn-bagel-and-coffee-company-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bagels,breakfast_brunch,cafes#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Came this morning to surprise my colleagues with Rainbow bagels, for Pride! To my dismay I get to the counter and the guy goes they are only for catering. My heart almost broke. The manager behind him was listening and said you don't need many, I said 6 only (our team is not big) and he said YES! We have some! I was estatic! Prices are reasonable in there and EVERYONE in my office loved the bagels!These bagels are amazingggggggg!!! Will come and buy again! Will be back soon I promise!
#REVIEW#Been coming to this place for about 6 years.  After only eating a bagel once while living in Japan for a year, I had a craving for this place when I was visiting family.  Between this location and the new one on the east side, we ate their bagels in total about 5 times.  Today I had the garlic and herb.  My wife had the pickles and dill on an everything bagel.  Perfect for my last bagel meal in NYC.  Typically always crowded, but they move through their line fast.  The bagels are nice, fluffy and flavorful. They always add a sufficient amount of cream cheese as well.
#REVIEW#Came in for a late breakfast bagel and ordered the Lox bagel on an everything bagel with tomato, capers, red onion, scallion cream cheese. Came out to a hair under $15 after tax. Expensive - yes. But a really great bagel and the portions weren't too small. The (everything) bagel itself is just $1.40 before tax so you can just skip the rest if you're on a budget/diet.
#REVIEW#I've tried the lox bagel before so I wanted to give their breakfast option a shot since that's what they were most known for. I ordered the everything bagel with egg, cheese, and sausage. They had a Gouda cheese option which was delicious. Toasted bagel is a must! Quite filling for a bagel sandwich although the best part for both the lox and breakfast option was the everything bagel. Pretty thick in size yet airy enough to bite through. Line may be long, but it moves pretty quickly. Order first and pay at the end.
#REVIEW#When in New York you have to try bagel place and this was our selection. We arrived earlier in the day on Sunday and the place was very packed. I was surprised how well the chaos was managed. The line moved very quickly and after learning the system, it was very efficient.  Think the Seinfeld soup episode. Sitting can be very tricky so expect that you may have to take it to go. Not knowing exactly what to order, they were very helpful knowing that I was going for the most traditional New York bagel experience. Doing everything bagel scallions salmon capers... The fresh salmon really makes it pricey but you don't go on vacation to save money. Although, I do believe the rest of their menu does seem pretty reasonable for New York.
#REVIEW#SO MANY options! It might be overwhelming if you're coming in for the first time so I suggest to know what you want by the time you go in. I walked in around 9:30am and it was almost a full house. You go straight to the back and order there. The guy will give you a receipt and then you head to the cashier to pay. I found a spot at the counter while I waited for my number to be call. I ordered a toasted everything bagel w/ nova salmon, scallion cream cheese, tomato, red onion, and capers. When I got my bagel, it was pretty big. They cut it in half so it was easier to bite into. Love the flavor combo of this, especially the salmon & capers. It's definitely a hardy breakfast. Definitely have to go back to try other sandwiches here.
#REVIEW#I walked into one of their locations "accidentally" just trying to get a cup of coffee and the bagels and spreads looked sooo good I had to find a location for breakfast the next day! I had the sirachacha sandwich- sausage, egg, cheese, with honey srichacha cream cheese on an onion bagel. It was amazing!! Probably the best bagel sandwich I've ever had. I also got a mini sesame bagel with the lox and scallion cream cheese for later. I love that they have mini size bagels also. It was also delicious. The bagels are super fresh and everything is tasty. The line going in was super long at this location but it was definitely worth the wait. I'll be back!
#REVIEW#This is a great place with a large selection of bagels and spreads and customizable options. Depending on the time and day, there will be a line to to door, but the wait is not too bad. I got a bagel sandwich and was quite pleased. The bagels are on the moist chewy side, which I enjoy more. The service was quick and the staff pretty friendly and patient.
#REVIEW#We set out to get another bagel fix at this location in Chelsea based on its ratings and reviews. It was Sunday, so we expected a line. We didn't expect to wait as long as we did because of our previous experience at another equally busy and popular bagel shop, but there are various factors (small space, fewer staff, weekend morning) that are understandable. Prices are slightly higher. Slightly. After having a good long look at the menu, I ordered Bacon Honey Sriracha Cream Cheese on an Everything Bagel and my companion got the Plain with Low Fat Cream Cheese. They were both good. We weren't able to sit down (I think you'd have to be extremely lucky and well-timed to score a seat here) so we got our food, including a muffin for later, to go and ate them around the corner on the street. Still good, huge, and packed in with filling, just as one would want from NYC bagels.Side note: I know there's probably not much the business can do about this, but it would help if people wouldn't casually roll their suitcases in with them like they don't get in the way. There's limited space as it is. If you can't leave it at hotel reception or with someone in your party outside, order your stuff in advance for pickup. It's pretty rude when obnoxious tourists block off precious empty seats by putting their huge luggage and bulky coats down. And no, they weren't saving the spots for anyone else; I was in that line for at least 45 minutes, and no one moved their crap that whole time.Anyway, though they have a sign saying it might be quicker to wait in line rather than order online, I'd probably prefer to be like some of the locals and place an order for a full bag to grab and go the next time around.
#REVIEW#First time having a New York bagel and it was everything I was hoping it would be! The taste was nothing like I have ever experienced with any other bagel. It was amazing. I got the bagel with salmon, avocado, red onions and tomatoes and my Mom got a plain bagel with plain cream cheese. We both loved it! Honestly, probably going to go back tomorrow for another one before leaving NYC.
#REVIEW#Amazing bagel shop in Chelsea. They have a few other locations around New York too, but I've only been to this one. There is almost always a wait, but you can order ahead. The bagels are huge and the portions are generous. I have had egg/cheese/meat sandwiches and lox (The Cooper), and would highly recommend either. The coffee is good but not great. Definitely worth a try if you're in the area!
#REVIEW#Came here to get a bagel at around noon, I would recommend coming at like 1 if you can to avoid the line and the impossible seating arrangement. Got a half and half everything bagel with strawberry and artichoke cream cheese and then a sandwich called the highline (comes with turkey). Honestly, I wasn't blown away at all. Nothing about either of these bagels really surprised me. They do weigh the amount of cream cheese they put on the bagels fwiw, and I ended up removing some of it because I think it's a bit too much actually.So far my favorite bagel spot is Best Bagel & Coffee.
#REVIEW#Never been a big fan of bagels. Not that I dislike them, but I'm usually eating a muffin, croissant or biscuits in the morning. What I do know,m though, is that bagels are huge in NYC. It's a New York thing, and I unfortunately didn't get to try any on my last trip to the Big Apple, so I knew this time around I had to try one. I will admit there's a lot of bagel staples in the city so it was hard trying to pick the right one. And I think I may have chose the best one when choosing Brooklyn Bagel. The line was pretty long but it was still early and not really in a rush yet so I didn't mind it and it was moving rather quickly. Luckily, most people do takeout, so we were able to find a spot to sit down and enjoy our bagels. Not knowing what to order at 8am, I opted for two. Their sausage, egg and cheese on an everything bagel, and their smoke salmon with scallion cream cheese. Both were phenomenal, and huge so I had to save half of each for later. My wife ordered a plain bagel with strawberry cream cheese. The everything bagel, was nice and warm, tasted fresh and likely previously stated, huge. And then you add the sausage, scrambled eggs and cheese to it, and that's all she wrote. The smoked salmon with scallion cream cheese, was also phenomenal. It seems to be very popular, so I decided to try it out and ordered it. I would order both all over again next time I'm in town.
#REVIEW#Came here yesterday after a recommendation. Given the reviews, I'm glad I came to check out the hype! For starters, it was packed! I came around 11:30 am and was immediately greeted by chaos. There were people standing everywhere, people in lines you don't know where it's leading, it was just overwhelming. I made my way over to the cashier side and when I finally got up there, realized I didn't actually LOOK at what they had in terms of their menu, their bagels, and def not their glass enclosed shmear! (Tho looking back, even if I wanted to, there were people standing in front of the casing that I wouldn't have been able to see anyways).Not wanting to hold up the line and not to look too much like a newb, I ordered just a bagel and cream cheese but did ask what his most popular cream cheese is. LOL He then informed me that I pay up front and to hold onto my ticket. Little did I realize (but just for a few minutes), that there was ANOTHER line just to pay! I didn't understand how the paying worked. Thought once they call your #, you go up to pay. Nope. You stand in line to pay and somehow they had your order ready as soon as you got up there! Also, no time to think about what to drink so I didn't pick up anything until after I downed my massive bagel.I gave it 3 stars (and not 4 or 5) because of the chaos and seating. They could really use some clear signage especially because of the mass amounts of people that come. When it's dead, it's quite obvious where to go. But for visitors, it's a bit overwhelming. I took off a star for seating as well. I get in NY everything is small but for the hype, they had very few tables. I had to wait for a counter seat but was unsure where to actually eat if not there.
#REVIEW#My fav bagel spot in the city. Huge variety of cream cheeses. Great sandwich menu. Don't be intimidated be the long line, it moves quickly. Egg bagel is soft and fluffy. Not as chewy as a typical bagel. I got chive cream cheese and lox. Amazing. Fresh. Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#You had me at vegan cinnamon walnut cream cheese that is just as decadent as the real thing without loading you up with the calories! Fantastic and super fluffy bagels at this place and plenty of options for cream cheese (yes, dairy too!). I froze a bunch of these bagels immediately and so when toasted out of the freezer were still just as delicious as the first day! I recommend getting there early to beat the rush because lines form quickly and they are long!
#REVIEW#Bagels are one of those iconic items that you need to try when you come to New York.  This place definitely did not disappoint.  We ordered savory(lox) and sweet(blueberry) bagels here and they were both amazing.  Honestly if I lived in New York, I'd be here a few mornings a week.
#REVIEW#I'm loving this trend of businesses putting exactly what they're all about directly in their names. Guess what I got at Brooklyn Bagel & Coffee Company today?The bagel was fantastic, perfectly chewy without being tough or soggy. And the cream cheese selection is out of control, so much variety among interesting sweet and savory flavors, as well as vegan options.They loaded up my bagel with cream cheese, but you can always ask for less when you order. The breakfast was delicious, this is a great place for bagels, even in the ultra elitist bagel world of NYC!
#REVIEW#Attention one and all! There are GF bagels here now! Keep in mind they are "mini" which means like a normal sized bagel and not a giant NY bagel, and only available in plain- yet! GF none the less. With the amazing choice of smears you won't mind it being a plain bagel in the slightest.
#REVIEW#This place is awesome!  I had the the Egg and cheese wrap with  Sriracha cream cheese. I loved that they pressed it after making it so the tortilla wrap was hot!! Suggest knowing what you want before you get to the counter. The guy was nice and patient though. Also LOVE hat there was several people behind the counter making the orders. Don't let the line intimidate you - it moves very quickly! Will definitely be back on next trip!!
