#NAME#Jean-Georges
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jean-georges-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,newamerican,asianfusion#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Let me start this review by saying that I am a: NYC middle school teacher, in graduate school, a woman of color, and under the age of 30. With those things being said, now, I can start with the wonder that is Jean-Georges. I wanted to treat myself: my birthday weekend was coming and I had just finished a semester of grad school. I'm tired as fuck. I wanted to live it up. If just for a day. One of my restaurnat industry acquaintances suggested JG. I originally wanted to make a reservation elsewhere as, to be frank, I'm not a fan of Trump and don't want to support anything that has his name tied to it. I was hesitant but the other Michelin restaurants I wanted weren't open for dinenr on my birthday (this past Sunday). So, I booked the reservation and hoped for the best. I am beyond glad that I did.I was originally going to go by myself but I had some friends who were open to experiencing the place with me, also their first time at Michelin star venue. They are also graduate students who finished their first semester and I made that known as a note. When we came in, we were immediately seated. We were super nervous as this is not our daily go-to spot and this is a world that most of us have never stepped in. Honestly, I loved this. Breaking barriers and making our selves comfortable in different finanial brackets is something that people of color and people from lower classes struggle with and I think it's a good thign to become familiar. But enough about that!Nicole, our server (sorry if that's not the high end term!) was incredibly sweet. Our sommelier, Asher, was super personable and friendly. And Q (can't remember his full name) was on point and great with attention to detail. Honestly, everyone was! We NEVER felt unwelcome. We NEVER felt out of place. When we were asked about wines, we told Asher if we could be blunt, that we wanted an afforable bottle of red that wouldn't break the bank (the huge bible of wines went all the way up to 10K!!) Holy shizz. He smiled and told us to not worry, he gave us mutliple options and we settled on a pinto grigio for about $60.For the group of us (4) we decided to all do the prix fixe which is $148. I received the egg caviar, caramelized foie gras with black olive seasoning lychee & brioche, and caramelized wagyu beef tenderloin, shiitake and black sesame mustard. For dessert, I had the 'chocolate': Honey Roasted Peanut Ice Cream Caramel, Devil's Food, Butterfly Pea FlowerBittersweet Chocolate and Passion FruitMy friends had an assortment of items as well but to be hoenst, I was only taking photos of my own. Haha.At the end, we were given an additonal assortment of desserts IN ADDITION TO two congratulatory desserts for my friends for their (& my) grad school accomplishments and a chocolate birthday cake decorated with gold foil.We had our chairs pulled for us, never had to wait for things to be filled, had our table cleaed with each meal, was told of each meal before starting, asked if we had allergies, were given new napkins everytime we went to the bathroom, had delightful palate cleansers, never felt weird asking what an items was.I feel blessed to be able to experience such a wonderful place with such warm people and great friends. This isn't something I can afford (often). I'm trying to prioritize experiences (dining, travels) instead of material goods (shopping). I am so happy that this is the place I chose! I had a wonderful time, truly.
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch with a few friends - I heard that the prices were reasonable for a 2 Michelin (former 3 Michelin) so I decided to check it out. You can find Jean Georges near Columbus Circle just a few minute walk to Central Park - the location could not get any better. We went for the 3-course menu - I personally got the tuna starter, sea bass for my main, and the chocolate ganache for dessert. I have to say I was very impressed! The starter was my favorite. The tuna was skillfully sliced and the miso soy sauce had great balance. The second course (sea bass) was also very delicious - the fish was cooked beautifully. Where I felt the restaurant dropped the ball a bit was the dessert. The chocolate ganache had a few flavors (passion fruit specifically) which didn't come together for me. Also, I found the caramel to be a bit too taffy-like. Moreover, there were too many flavors on the plate (passion fruit, caramel, chocolate, peanut butter). If there is a next time, I would opt for a simpler dessert.But something struck me as more outstanding than the food itself - the service. The staff was very meticulous and attentive towards our table to make sure we were completely taken care of. They served the dishes precisely and described them eloquently.Overall, my experience was very positive. It's definitely not a place I would frequent due to the toll on the old wallet, however, if you are looking for a treat you can't go wrong with lunch at Jean Georges
#REVIEW#What an experience!  This is fine dining at its best.  The food is out of this world.  The presentation is beautiful.  And, the service is top notch.Given the prices, it may be a long time before we go back, but definitively a treat to be able to celebrate a special occasion with the family.
#REVIEW#I was blown away by the beauty, superb service and the quality of food.This place is so elegant you feel like royalty eating here.Everything was absolutely perfect. Cannot wait to come back here again. Our waitor recommended everything. I got the scallops, filet Mignon and a chocolate dessert.
#REVIEW#After reading some of the recent reviews of Jean-Georges I was a little apprehensive about coming here, but I decided to give it a shot anyway. We went here on a Saturday night at the end of March. We decided to go all out and so we got the Chef's signature menu with the wine pairing. Whenever I go to a restaurant for the first time I like to always try their tasting menu in order to kind of see what the chef has to offer. I have to say that my experience was impeccable. The service was great, our waiter was friendly and took the time to explain the narrative the chef is trying to build with each dish. Our sommelier was also on point and even went ahead and printed us a list of where we can find a particular wine that loved without us asking her to. The food was portioned perfectly and I enjoyed every single dish. I will never forget that young garlic soup though as it transported me back to Europe with each spoonful I took. I think the chef takes a lot of pride in his sauces. Each dish had clean flavors coming from the other components on the plate, but it felt like the sauces were the star every time, with each sauce becoming more and more complex as the night went on. I want to mention we were a party of 2 and it seems like a lot of the reviews that described a bad experience came in larger parties. Maybe that's a potential explanation for having such a different experience, I am not sure.
#REVIEW#I came here with my girlfriends to celebrate a birthday. The three of us went with the prixe fixe menu. We all loved the dishes! The oysters were a delight with a creamy basil sauce. The Santa Barbara Sea Urchin on Toasted Black Bread was just dreamy. The yuzu and chili gave it a perfect finishing touch. Additionally, the shrimp dish was another outstanding winner.Surely a very satisfying meal. Great compliments of the Chef as well.
#REVIEW#NYC's gem for a delectable prix fixe lunch. Highly highly recommend that you come here for a particularly memorable lunch. I walked in without a reservation on a Thursday afternoon and was seated right away. The restaurant was pretty busy and the whole lunch took a little over 2 hours, so don't plan on getting in and out very quickly! The restaurant is located in the Trump International building right off of Columbus Circle, making it really easy to get to. We enjoyed a three course meal with tuna tartare, a salad, and burrata as the appetizers. Salmon and sea bass for the main course. And a delicious chocolate cake and passion fruit dessert to finish. Everything was excellent. The salmon and the burrata were my highlights! Would absolutely recommend this place for a treat yourself kind of lunch
#REVIEW#To be honest I expected way more from this restaurant especially because it is a two MICHELIN Star restaurant. A) atmosphere is ok. Nothing very elegant or stylish, but also not casual. Ok for business. B) staff is friendly but not outgoing to make your stay comfortable. Waited off and on on them to wait on us for more water or other things. C) they do not offer black napkins. Only white. D) food is good but not outstanding as one would expect. We had a variety of things but I liked the dessert best to honest because at least it was presented in a better way. Will I be back? I don't think so...
#REVIEW#Although the restaurant was located inside of Trump Tower, this michelin star restaurant exceeded our expectations. Not sure why it went for 3 to 2 star, but it definitely felt like 3 star. From the folks who work there to the ambience to the food, the overall was wonderful and beautiful. Food was amazing and quite delicious. Service was top notch and amazing. Folks really genuinely did everything to make our anniversary special. From welcoming us in, to incredibly professional and courteous service to walking us out. I REALLY appreciate the ladies in the front taking time to take a picture of us under the Jeans George restaurant name so we can capture an unforgettable, memorable night in New York. It really brings a special ending to our last night in New York. The experience, food, and ambience was totally priceless. I really can't stop thinking about it!!My girlfriend and I spent our anniversary here and we will never forget this memory. I wouldcome back again for another Michelin star experience.
#REVIEW#We had the privilege of enjoying our 15 year anniversary here and let me say it was, unforgettable. I must say you get sucked into the elegance of it all. I believe we had a nine course meal that was to die for. They have an excellent wine selection and the service lives up to the name, to say the least. There are a couple places in New York where you just feel the money around you...and this is one. Be prepared to spend some dough at least 1k minimum, but it was worth it.
#REVIEW#I came here with a group of friends and I have to say this establishment is far from the Michelin experience I am used to. The food was bland and not memorable at all. The duck was so cold and dry that it was truly disappointing.The sea bass was over seasoned with salt and pepper. How can a Michelin restaurant have such a low standard of food? The food wasn't the worst part unfortunatetly, their customer service was worse than 24/7 diners I have been to. The staff wasn't friendly to our guests and they didn't introduce any of the dishes to any of us. Lastly, they opened bottles of champagne without our authorization and charged us for things we didn't approve. I hope the management will learn from this terrible experience we had and fix these issues for future customers.
#REVIEW#Sorry Sorry Sorry, the experience is way below what we were charged.Have a season tasting menu which is $248ppl, but everything is really just so so, normal ingredients cooked in a old school way, overall sour and tangy flavor. Nothing really memorable.And service is so bad!!1. no one clean the table between each course2. Was asked how was the food, I said as a Michelin 2 star restaurant, I expected more, and someone should clean the table ASAP, and the servant immediately refuted "I ask you about food" ok I really don't care your customers opinion. 3. Without asking I am done with the food or not, just clean the plate for me till I said "wait, I haven't finished"Will never go back !! Never!!!
#REVIEW#Jean Georges:Prix Fixe:Recommendation:1.Caramelized Foie Gras with Green Apple and PonzuPeekytoe Crab Risotto, Green Chili, Puffed Rice and Nori2.Maine Lobster, Herb Raviolini, Gruyère Broth and Green Chili 3.Foie Gras "Marzipan," Quince-Riesling Velvet, Pistachio, Almond and Rose Hot and cold Foie Gras are always the classic and delicious French cuisine.
#REVIEW#Amazing French restaurant.  Everything from appetizers, entrees and desserts were perfection. Great service and great ambience.   We gotta go back soon.
#REVIEW#Having dined here before I was expecting to have another lovely meal as I had experienced before. This time I came with a large group of friends and we all went for the 4 course tasting menu. I was so excited when escorted to this intimate and spacious private room the restaurant had prepared for us but lost excitement as the first entree was quickly presented to me. An unappetizing plate of Foie Gras paired with a half piece of bread. The whole experience was insignificant and a big let down. Overall the food was mediocre, especially for the price tag. Quality ingredients were used and the sea bass was cooked at a perfect temperature but the flavors were uninspired and the whole course monotonous. No noticeable effort went in the plating, or even the plates themselves. Not even a pretty garnish :( I didn't want to take any picture. Nothing really memorable for my palate to reminisce about. The service here was professional but very impersonal and unaccommodating. Either they were short staffed or the servers wanted to hurry and finish up because they were inattentive to refills, the dishes were never described to me and the entire meal felt really rushed. For a restaurant which is overall concerned about keeping up their appearance and reputation they failed immensely when held to their own Michelin standards. I left the restaurant feeling unimpressed. I felt like I was deprived the experience they promised and the 3 now 2 Michelin Stars endorsed.Lastly, I have to say the orange juice here was excellent. Apart from that, I left disappointed and underwhelm, I am not sure I will return again.
#REVIEW#A culinary experience comparable to Trump's presidency. More lessons learned for trusting anything related to Trump. Not worth the experience if you're in a big group. We were a group of 22 celebrating 2 birthdays and paid 325~ each for a uniform prix fixe experience (everyone had to get the same thing).Here is a breakdown of the 4 courses:1. foie gras over toast - 80% liver, 10% toast, 5% nuts/dried cranberries, 5% disappointment. I understand everyone has a different perspective, but most of the group agreed there was wayyyy too much liver and not enough toast. Most of us had left over foie gras left on the plate. 2. black bass over mushrooms/veggies - the fish itself was decently cooked, but lacks support from the other aspects on the plate, would love to see more acidic component i.e. from tomatoes or something... seems like from the other review on the dish there is suppose to be a few cherry tomatoes, i guess they ran out or forgot. There was also a excess of pepper on my fish which ruined my experience. 3. duck -  like the fish, it was cooked fine in terms of rarity however it was cold when served and the sauce didnt add any harmony to the dish. I usually love duck but the flavor were very unsophisticated.4. dessert -  i usually have no expectation with dessert at high end places and often thoroughly surprised with the ingenuity these place cultivate but i was very much underwhelmed with what was provided.  I'm not hard to please in terms of sweets and you could buy me a pint of ice cream from duane reade and ill be okay, but if im shoveling out $$$$ on dessert i kind of expect to be blown away. Like there was nothing special with the dessert and i have no talking points; it was just 2 scoops of ice cream and some chocolate pastries including a mini chocolate lava cake, all of which were very forgettable.To summarize, this culinary experience was mediocre for such a big price tag. I could be bias since we weren't at the main restaurant due to our party size, but nothing was distinguishing from any other restaurant. My advice for the restaurant is to stop hosting large party sizes, it is evident that they cannot recreate the same ambiance, service, and culinary experience that's offered on the main floor.I guess going into the experience i did have a level of expectation for this restaurant that weren't really met, perhaps it was too high, but should i really expect less for a previously 3 michelin star or did the experience support the loss of their third star?
#REVIEW#Service was impeccable. The wait staff was perfectly coordinated when serving us each course and then removing finished plates in unison at our ~8 person table. Our head server was extremely polished and had a happy nature as he explained the menu options & verified that each person enjoyed their dishes throughout the meal. He was also very thoughtful about food allergies and informed each person of what dishes they should avoid or what they might especially enjoy, as appropriate. For the gluten-free people, he was also able to provide a side plate of gluten-free bread options. Food quality was also outstanding and masterfully presented. The flavors were wonderful and options extremely varied (oscillating between more French vs. Asian flavor profiles).  The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 was that I wasn't consistently "blown away" by the flavors in each course. The fois gras in my first course was 'fine' and I didn't enjoy the pairing with the 'Quince-Riesling Velvet' on the side. Dessert was also fine (I selected the 'chocolate' combo option), but again, didn't blow me away in terms of flavors although the presentation was gorgeous. However, the caramelized wagyu beef tenderloin with shiitake & black sesame mustard was divine!!!
#REVIEW#I won't say much about this restaurant as I am connected very well with the Jean-Georges restaurants. Food - amazing! This will always be my favorite French fusion restaurant. Ambiance - incredible in the evening, dim lighting, very romantic. Service - The captain of my table who I knew and enjoyed was switched to another female captain who awkwardly hovered over my table. She stared the entire time. For that I removed a star. Aside from that I highly recommend making a trip to the restaurant. Despite what naysayers have posted about this restaurant; I've seen firsthand how much love has been put into the restaurant, food, and service.
#REVIEW#Sophistication and immense culinary skills merge to form one of the ultimate luxury dining experiences. The menu is impeccably crafted and designed that each course plays well off of each other. The presentation is exquisite as is the service. The waitstaff is spot on in being attentive and focused on providing the best dinner possible. Conveniently located near Columbus circle this is a perfect spot for various special occasions.
#REVIEW#I went to Jean-Georges for restaurant week and it was a fantastic dining experience. Normally I feel like restaurant week often isn't worth it or the restaurants will give you lower quality, smaller portions, but Jean-George's did not miss a single beat. I ordered the flounder and it was the best fish dish I've had in a long while. Last year at a different restaurant I ordered the fish for restaurant week and it was extremely sad looking, and the size of my palm. Jean-George's flounder was enormous and delicious! It was perfectly cooked and seasoned and beautifully plated. The tomato soup appetizer was simple but delicious, and the chocolate cake was decadent and rich. All in all, a great meal and great experience.
