#NAME#Beauty & Essex
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/beauty-and-essex-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Gorgeous On the inside of the restaurant. Beautiful setting with the peacock theme.The food is amazing! All the dishes were delicious Chicken meatballs with the truffle in the mushroom broth was my absolute favorite! The restaurant can make that a soup 100% Great service! Pablo and Fernando served and catered us all night. And they both made my girlfriend and I feel special on our anniversary. The big surprise was the candle with chocolate decor that stated HAPPY ANNIVERSARY! All that from a simple open table special note online? AMAZINGWe will definitely be back and thank you once again - Eddie and Victoria
#REVIEW#Atmosphere is so nice. I was not expecting it to be so fancy. So so good. Pricy but worth it. I would not order the bone marrow again but would order everything else - soup dumplings, truffle meatballs, and lobster Mac. We did not have a wait. We (2 of us) went at 7 and went to sit at the bar upstairs.
#REVIEW#We LOVE this place so much! It was such a unique experience that we highly recommend. It is literally a hidden gem. The lobster mac and cheese was so delicious, but my favorite part had to be the champagne I received while using the ladies restroom. Read more about it and our other MUST DO's in NYC in our latest blog.kasventures.org/2019/06/…
#REVIEW#This is a very fun atmosphere! It is definitely a dance spot. I had come during Sunday brunch. We had stayed upstairs in the booth area which was nice. Staff, dancers, bartenders were all great. The menu is pre-fix and we were able to try it all. Some dishes were good, desserts were great!. The DJ played all the latest hits and it had everyone dancing. Make sure to wear a matte foundation because you will be dancing. Lol Fyi, parking is always better on Sundays in the City.
#REVIEW#I would give Beauty & Essex 10 stars if I could. I first visited the restaurant in 2014 for my birthday and I've been back every couple of years since. The establishment will let anyone dine even if you are in casual clothing, but trust me when I say you will want to be dressed to the 9's when you visit. The interior is the epitome of chic and classy and other restaurant visitors will be dressed to a T (like myself). My absolutely favorite part about Beauty & Essex is not only the over experience of getting dressed up with friends to have an amazing dinner, but the fact that they serve champagne in the women's lounge/bathroom for dinner (maybe only on the weekends? Not sure). How freaking bougie is that?? Haha I love it !!Food is phenomenal as well, they are well known for their grilled cheese dumplings in tomato soup. Sounds weird I know, but they are life changing. Other hits were the bone marrow, empanadas, fried shrimp, honestly just everything we ordered tasted bomb AF. Drinks are on point as well. I ordered the Woodsman I believe, a bourbon cocktail with pear. Excellently crafted.  Service is top tier as well. They are extremely accommodating--I had a party of 5 and they ensured that for plates that only came in there they would accommodate to 5. One caveat is that they will only seat you once the entire party.Overall, B&E is one of my FAVORITE places to eat and I cannot wait for my next visit !
#REVIEW#It doesn't look like a restaurant upon initially viewing it from the street. I didn't understand having a pawn shop in the storefront, but going through the rear door opens up to a completely different look and feel in the restaurant, it's kind of cool. If you got it, spend it but in my opinion, this is a place you take someone you've been dating for a while, someone you care about and want to spice things up with here. This is one of the places where the ambiance and energy of the place will entice you to want the food here - you will NOT be disappointed. You can split and share everything, our waitress recommended 4-5 items and that is plenty for a dining party of 2. It was my pleasure to share this with you all who read it, you'll enjoy it.-The grilled cheese dumplings tasted great and I'm glad I followed the crowd on this-The Burger is a mix of different meat and is delicious, and the fries seasoning complimented it greatly-The spaghettini was extremely flavorful, don't let the zucchini distract you from choosing it!-The dessert shot was a perfect sweet nightcap to the meal. I was too full to eat another actual serving but was happy to have something sugary. Good:-Grilled cheese, smoked bacon & tomato soup dumplings (MUST HAVE)-House Salad (refreshing and tasty)-Chicken Meatballs (it's chicken but still tastes like something your grandma would cook for you on Sundays)-Spaghettini (the lemon makes the taste pop)-Beauty & Essex Burger with BBQ Fries (I didn't want to share this)-Birthday Cake Milkshake Shot (ice cream with Jack Daniels)-RSVP via OpenTable for points-The ambiance is energetic-The music being played in the background made you bop your head while you were eating (older hip hop and R&B)Bad:-Cranky New Yorker rant: the people/customers, in my opinion, I felt wanted to be seen and photographed here mattered more than taking in and appreciating the full speakeasy experience/vibe and enjoying the meal. By no fault of the restaurant, it can feel pretentious, don't let that deter you from the delicious meal you'll have.
#REVIEW#So you think this is just another boogie NY club, you're not so wrong, but the food is also really damn good. Its almost like a Gatsby moment, when you walk to the storefront, and the host takes you back to the restaurant to reveal a spiral staircase, candle lit bar, and folks dressed their best. 1) Kale and apple salad, like probably the Best kale and apple salad I've ever had. 2) Chile relleno empanadas, so bomb. Small but mighty 3) Thai style deep fried shrimp was amazing !!! 4) Spinch and ricotta ravioli was great especially with the sunny side egg 5) Wild mushroom toast was good, not extraordinary 6) Oven braised chicken meatballs left much to be desired.7) The steak though, wow the steak is so soft and tender. 8) Got the dessert carosel ! So cute and each was pretty delicious cons: 'mood' lighting is a bit dark, I ask them to turn the lights up because I can barely see the person i'm talking to , or see my food that I'm eating. It was also extrememly loud in here, with some electronic music being bumped almost to the point where you couldnt hear the person next to you
#REVIEW#Beauty & Essex is nondescript from the outside, taking the guise of a jewelry shop. However, once you enter a door from inside the shop you are transported to a chic supper club. You really feel like you are entering somewhere exclusive.Attendants take your coat and you're directed to your table. This place so distinguished, you will feel like you're in a James Bond movie...especially looking up at that gorgeous skylight. The food was simple and sophisticated all at once:Roasted bone marrow: incredible. The shallot marmalade gave the marrow a savory sweetness. The Texas toast on the side was a welcome crunchy touch. Lobster mac & cheese: light with a kick. The lobster was tasty and they aren't shy with the portion.Double cut lamb chops: Jesus Christ, this lamb was cooked to PERFECTION. Nice crust on the outside, and inside was soft and juicy. Once you get the bone the flavors literally slap you in the face. The polenta underneath was creamy and seasoned.Grilled cheese, smoked bacon & tomato soup dumplings: these are popular and were highly recommended...for good reason. I'd wager to say this was the best thing on the table. This is an example of what I meant by simplicity and sophistication. Something as simple as grilled cheese and tomato soup was presented and tasted worthy of a dish from a Michelin starred restaurant.Beauty & Essex was really something special. Do take your loved one there for that special occasion. They won't dare forget it.
#REVIEW#Don't be fooled by the pawn shop exterior from the outside. The inside is beautiful!I came here for my sisters surprise engagement party and it was perfect for brunch. Nice lighting, noise volume is low and the food is good.A lot of the food comes in little plates so if you are hungry, hungry. Be sure to order a few! I'd definitely come back again!Oh and she said yes!
#REVIEW#Everything about this place makes this one of my new favorite places in NYC. The incredible food, the vibe, the drinks, and the service were all amazing! I would recommend this place to anyone in NYC! We walked in early on Friday night right when they opened. We got a table right away and were seated in a cute booth. Our server greeted us right away and brought us water. We spent sometime looking over the drink menu and food menu. We couldn't decide what to get so we asked her!I don't remember what drinks we had but they were so good! We decided to order a few different apps to share so we could try many different things! The food was delicious!! My favorite thing we got were the bacon grilled cheese and tomato soup bites. SO DELICIOUS!! We also tried the oysters that were so fresh and tasted so good. Overall we had such an amazing experience here! Our server made sure we had everything we needed during our whole meal. All of the food and drinks were very good as well as our service. The decor of this place was so beautiful I loved it! I wish my photos turned out better.The bathroom is also very cool so make sure to check that out too! I really enjoyed this place and I can't wait to try the one in LA soon. Thanks for the amazing early birthday celebration Beauty & Essex! :)
#REVIEW#Most dishes were good. Some are very good. But none particularly outstanding and spectacular. None makes me want to go back and have more. Love the pawn shop store front and the secret entrance. Love the decor. Mock tails are good.
#REVIEW#I have walked past this place a million times, but didn't know what it was. So while contemplating what to as my group dinner with my friends, I thought of this place. I went to Vandal awhile back, and since I loved the experience, I decided to give this place a shot.My initial plans were dinner, but I had to make a change. I wanted to do brunch somewhere else, that was nearby, and come here for drinks and small eats since it was additional friends that were going to join that weren't at my brunch. Upon entry, we saw the flower shop and made our way to the couch area, that is located across from the bar. One of my friends went to the bar to get some drinks but a server came over and wanted us to order through her. I wish I got her name, and she was very pleasant the entire night, but I didn't ask as we were too busy talking and drinking. We spent about two hours here and enjoyed every minute. I didn't see anything on the menu that I wanted but my friend did order me a birthday cake from the dessert menu, which the wonderful server,not only comped the dessert, she gave me an extra cupcake. As my brunch prior to coming here was horrible, I wish I kept my initial plans and dined here for dinner instead. I'd definitely come back here in the future, for dinner.
#REVIEW#Absolutely incredible food/tapas in a huge modern setting. Great dinner and cocktail spot! You'll feel swanky because you have to enter through a secret door in a pawn shop. This hidden spot is a gem of the lower east side. They've got a great bar and tons of seating to enjoy a dinner or night out. Make reservations, as this place is popular! There is so much to choose from on the menu, from full entrees to appetizers and tapas. Make sure you order the Grilled Cheese, Smoked Bacon, & Tomato Soup Dumplings ($17). They're bite sized and packed with flavor. You'll see them floating around the restaurant, as everyone seems to order them -- for good reason! The juicy Beauty & Essex Burger made with brisket, short rib, and lamb, spicy harissa aioli, beefsteak tomato, goat feta, and crispy bbq fries ($19) is also a great choice!
#REVIEW#We were looking for a cool bar to grab a few drinks after our dinner in easy village.  Girlfriend had been here before and I had heard of it as well because of the hidden entrance through the jewelry shop.  Would definitely recommend this speakeasy! We had a few drinks and decided to try their devils food dessert and it was amazing!  The space is surprisingly big with two floors.  Perfect for a small group too.  Will definitely be returning.
#REVIEW#Me and my girlfriend went here for our anniversary dinner while we were in New York! Awesome place with a great ambience. You walk into a pawn shop and go through a back door where it completely switches up in environment. Both upstairs and downstairs seating are available but I do recommend making reservations.We started with 2 appetizers:1) Tuna Poke Wonton Tacos2) Grilled Cheese, Smoked Bacon & Tomato Soup DumplingsThe Grilled Cheese Dumplings were soooooooo DELICIOUS! Heaven in my mouth I wish I had a whole bowl of it.Then we went on with our entrees:1) Peruvian Chicken2) GarganelliBoth entrees were amazing! The Peruvian Chicken had some salsa verde sauce which binded the whole dish together. And the Garganelli had a kick to it with the peppers tasted like an upscale pizza! Overall, an amazing place to have dinner, go on a date, or even just eat and have drinks with friends and family. Definitely in my bookmarks to keep!
#REVIEW#Came here with my friends and they loved it!! Came again with my family and they loved it too! The decor is beautiful, the champagne in the woman's bathroom is not to be missed, and the dessert wheel is fun!  We were happy to have a spot to come that we could dress up! This place gets crowded. The app portions are small. The two times I've been there, we ordered a few small plates and each got an entree. This seems to have worked. Both my friends and my family raved about both the food and the ambiance. I'm sure I will be back! The tuna tacos were amazing. We had to get a second order. The spaghettini was surprisingly spicy. My aunt loved it and said it was her favorite dish. My friends who got the salmon both spoke highly of it.The bacon grilled cheese soup dumplings - I know people come here for these but I didn't really get it. It was just like tomato soup. I skipped these the second time I came. The dessert wheel is so much fun! And you get to try a bunch of things. We got it both times I've been here. Definitely worth trying just for the experience. Overall, great ambiance, love that you can come dressed to the 9's, and some tasty food. Wish the portions were a little bigger, but a super fun time!In general my review of 5 stars is for the experience and the ambiance. The food is good, but I've had better. Come here expecting to have a great time, and you will!
#REVIEW#Incredible food, drinks, and vibe. Absolutely loved the extra decor and atmosphere and I was so excited to finally try this place for dinner!While every other factor was spot on, our visit began with an hour wait for our table, even though we had made a reservation. This may not have been the restaurant's fault as table turnover can depend on the guests, but it was a rather long wait. In addition, the service was not the greatest although this could be due to the high volume of customers in the place. The food itself was amazing and the drinks were phenomenal. I started out with and stayed drinking the ODB drink throughout the night. So delicious. We then began with our apps: the soup dumplings and the empanadas. Both so creative and so delicious! I got the Peruvian chicken and broccolini, and it was definitely way too much food for one person. However, I enjoyed it nonetheless and the flavors were amazing in both dishes!It was definitely a good time with friends, and I will definitely be back to try the other dishes and cocktails.
#REVIEW#I had really high hopes for this place given what I had heard, but I was a little disappointed for the price point. I thought the food was just so-so and not very complex for the prices they charged. My favorite plate of the night was definitely the asian broccoli and scallops. The crab wonton things were NOT good and lacked flavor. The soup bites and chicken meatballs were alright, nothing out of this world in my opinion. The service here was not very good, and our waiter was pretty bad. I understand the place was busy but it took him forever to take our order and he didn't check up on us once throughout the meal once our food was delivered. I will say this place has a great ambience and a really cool vibe. The demographics eating here were all over the place. From families, to birthday dinners of teenagers to business events. Our group of three girls spent over $300 here and ordered 5 dishes, 2 desserts and 5 drinks total.
#REVIEW#Beautiful speak-easy concept at front, and the inside is even more pretty! The whole place looks very classy and candle lit. I've dined, danced, ate, and drank here. Most items on the dinner menu are delicious, esp the fries and the grilled cheese tomato soup dumplings- (w/o meat) Cocktails are tasteful, and so are their desserts. I really like the ferris wheel treats. It's a neat lounge, good decor with great ambience and music! The staff is professional and very attentive. I recommend- can go with your friends, date, or family.
#REVIEW#I wish I could give 3.5 stars but that is not allowed on this app. I came here for restaurant week and order items off of both the restaurant week menu and the their regular dinner menu. For appetizers a friend and I had the lobster Mac and cheese, the smoked bacon and grilled cheese dumplings, the kale and apple salad, and the poke tuna wonton tacos. We had to try the dumplings because they are a staple but I was  underwhelmed. I did not enjoy the smoky flavor of the bacon, I feel as though it took away from the rest of the appetizer. I enjoyed the kale and apple salad but it had too much mayo or what ever sauce that combined the salad on it. Mid way through the dish, I started to get tired of the mayo like sauce because it became too heavy. The lobster Mac and cheese lacked flavor and cheese. I will admit there was a decent portion of lobster in the dish but the lobster was a little too chewy. My friend enjoyed the tuna tacos but I did not try it because I do not enjoy poke but my friend spoke highly of it.For our entree, my friend had the salmon and I had the short ribs. The short ribs were very tender but needed more flavor. My friend enjoyed her salmon but also stated it needed more flavor. I ordered the ODB specialty cocktail. The drink was strong but it did not have a great berry flavor. If this drink was made with a bourbon or whiskey, it would definitely taste better. The tequila did not mix well with the rest of the flavors; it over powered the rest of the mixers For dessert I had the LES Donuts. I have absolutely no complaints about the donuts. They were soft, hot, and the different dipping sauces were a nice touch. My friend spoke highly of the sorbet and spoke very highly of the cream on top of the dessert. Overall, the interior of this establishment is beautiful and the service is great but the food is simply okay. Nothing to call home about.
