#NAME#Locanda Verde
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/locanda-verde-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,cocktailbars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Locanda Verde was an excellent culinary experience. The menu is reasonably sized such that options are available to accommodate a variety of tastes, but that everything offered is excellent.My wife and I went for an anniversary date. The greeting service was friendly and the drink menu had a few cocktails to try which we we're pleasantly surprised by the quality and uniqueness. The wine menu is impressive and contains many Italian varietals sorted by region at both accessible and elite price points.We had the king salmon crudo antipasti to start. By far the most surprising element of the entire dinner was the quality of the seafood offered. While not billed as an Italian seafood location, three of the six total secondi courses offered were seafood. The crudo was excellent and uniquely flavored with a smooth citrus sauce.We had an asparagus tagliatelle and the famous ravioli for pastas. Both were excellent and id say the ravioli is a requirement for attendance. We shared the scallops secondi for a main, which were perfectly seared and flavored.Unfortunately, this is about the time our server disappeared with no explanation, explaining the four Star rating. Another server took over apparently, but it was awkwardly and crudely executed. Strange for fine dining.Dessert was the limoncello semifretto and cappuccino. The semifretto was very good, but the coffee stole the dessert show. Excellent espresso and a pour by a very obviously skilled barista given the milk pour art. Very pleasant surprise for this coffee snob!Overall, highly recommended and a general shame to not be able to excuse the server disappearance. I would imagine most to have a full five star experience.
#REVIEW#This review is for weekend (Sunday) dinner. All-around excellent, definitely worth trying at least once, and a place I'd personally come to over and over again!Ambiance/decor: classy without being stuffy/pretentious. I would describe it as an upscale and modern take on diner theme. And service is as fantastic, neat and inviting as the restaurant's vibe.Food: we had the following per what's been recommend by other Yelpers and by our waiter:+ Complimentary bread: usually tastes like grocery bread at most places, but the bread here is so good, so soft, so herb-y, so savory! Actually worth mentioning in a review.+ Sheep's milk ricotta: good, big portion, but I think overhyped. The ricotta was bit bland. Plus, the bread served is sliced then baked, so it has a very crispy/hard texture, which I didn't think paired well with the ricotta. I actually started using the complimentary bread for the ricotta, and that tasted way better. But then again, I'm not a cheese pairing expert.+ Squid ink linguine: solid! Again, big portion, and I was definitely stuffed after this meal. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the squid ink flavor came through without overpowering the dish. Really well done and would recommend this dish to anyone who likes squid ink pasta.+ Orecchiette: (friend ordered this) unfortunately I did not get to taste this one, but my friend finished her dish completely, so I would say this one has her approval :)We also had cocktails, and I would definitely come just to sit at the bar and try out their unique cocktail recipes. Negroni was perfection.Really hoping to come back soon to try more items on the dinner menu!
#REVIEW#A great date night spot in the city! I came in with a girlfriend and ended up having an unexpectedly lovely meal. The restaurant screams high end from the moment you enter. The clientele is on the fancier side and the interior decor is nice and dim lit. After ordering your server brings out one homemade focaccia per person at the table. Yum! Secret tip: you are allowed to ask for more! The menu is on the expensive side, so take advantage of these little gifts. The Sheep's Milk Ricotta: A super generous portion size. The cheese is light and fluffy, and the olive oil is strong and flavorful. I'm sure they would refill the bread if you wanted more, but it was a little on the crispy/burnt side which not everyone likes. Red Pasta: To start, I'm not a big fan of red sauce- but wow! Our waitress recommended this and I was blown away. You could really tell how fresh all of the ingredients were. The sauce was acidic from the tomato but perfectly meet by the cheese and tender meat pieces. To end the meal they brought complimentary dessert bites with the bill. I would definitely come back!
#REVIEW#Second visit to Locanda Verde didn't disappoint either. This time I had the Lobster Ravioli and went around brunch time. The red sauce was lemony and the filling was delicious and I cleaned my plate. :) Our table also ordered the monkey bread which I will highly recommend to anyone who asks. It was the perfect brunch "appetizer."
#REVIEW#Great service at the bar. Had a drink and dessert on the go. Bartender was very nice.
#REVIEW#Finally made it to Locanda Verde (after living in Tribeca for 2 years). The food was great as expected. Service felt a little bit rushed. For example, the appetizers came within 5 minute of us ordering - which is normally great. But... they forgot to even serve us bread beforehand, which makes it feel like they were in a hurry to get the next people seated at the table (in their defense, we asked for bread after the appetizers and they did bring it).Other than that, it was a stellar evening. We started with the Lamb Meatball Sliders ($14), which were bites of heaven and Blue Crab toast ($18) which was also very good. Both are highly recommended!I'm not really a huge pasta person, so my girlfriend and I split the AC's Fire-Roasted Garlic Chicken for Two ($72), and it was excellent. Definitely a good alternative to the pasta dishes! We also ordered the Wood-Fired Carrots ($12) on the side based on reading Yelp reviews, and they were about as good as carrots can get. Overall it was an enjoyable experience, I would come back to Locanda Verde more often if it wasn't such a pain to get a reservation.
#REVIEW#Returned for a baby shower and can confirm that the brunch here is just as amazing. We had:+ sheep's milk ricotta + sliced prosciutto and salumi misti+ homemade pastry basket+ lemon ricotta pancakes+ lamb bolognese rigattone+ smoked salmon+ wood-fired garlic chicken + crispy garlic potatoes+ smoked bacon+ plum almond tortaThe ricotta is still the best thing ever, and I loved the pasta. Plum almond torta was incredible - I must have it again. All of the dishes were great, really.
#REVIEW#Have not been out for italian near WTC, but it is a short walk from there to tribeca where this is located.  The decor is beautiful and the lighting as well.  The staff is super friendly and one thing i noticed is my water glass was refilled constantly (like ever 5 minutes), which was amazing.  Our group order a bunch of dishes, but overall the pastas were great, the crustini was ok, the beets were good, but everyone loved their steak and i loved my chicken.  The best pasta dishes were the two raviolois one had a brown sauce and the other had a red sauce.  Would def. come back!
#REVIEW#Nice lunch spot in Tribeca, within walking distance of the WTC area.  My wife and I met up with an old friend of mine from Georgetown who lives in the neighborhood.My branzino was really good.  A nice, fresh fillet over a mix of beans, tomatoes, and spinach.  My wife really liked her eggplant Parmesan sandwich.  I wanted to try a bite, but didn't get a chance.  I actually wish they had a traditional eggplant parmesan (not a sandwich) on the menu, I might have gone for that instead.Oh, the bread and ricotta appetizer was also very good.
#REVIEW#Came with high expectations, left disappointed and looking for somewhere else to eat to actually feel full.The artichoke toast appetizer was two half pieces of bread with no real flavor except the balsamic vinaigrette drizzled on top. Meanwhile the ricotta toast (couple next to us got it) comes with at least three halved slices of bread and a giant bowl of ricotta.Gnudi was amazing, fresh and bright and great texture. But the tagliatelle was too thin and the sauce totally tasteless - it wasn't even salted!Cocktails were good (Matto and Testa Rossa) at least.Leaving here with a $140 bill and off to spend money elsewhere to have a decent meal.
#REVIEW#Really enjoyed the food, but the service was just "ehh" When our mains came out we asked our waiter for extra bread. He told us it would be a couple minutes since the bread had to be toasted. Nothing wrong with that, who doesn't like toasted bread. The only thing was that our bread was given to another table. The server came and apologized but brought us cold bread, though you could tell it was just sitting there. Will try other options in the neighborhood before going back. Food was good though.
#REVIEW#They had probably one of the best Negronis I've ever had. Their bartenders clearly are very experienced and I thoroughly enjoyed the few cocktails I had. We started with the ricotta crostini, which was absolutely delicious: the ricotta was fresh and luscious with a drizzle of high quality olive oil, waiting to be smeared on some toasted bread at the perfect intersection of crunchy with soft middle. Super solid appetizer. I got the orecchiette with duck sausage as my entree; honestly it was just fine. The pasta was a little too chewy for my taste and the duck wasn't majorly flavorful. I think next time i'd probably try one of the filled pastas instead so things are more concentrated.The atmosphere is rich and sexy, with dark woods and leather accents abound. Definitely a great date spot.
#REVIEW#I came to Locanda Verde on a Monday night. We made a reservation in advance and I'm glad we did because it was crowded with people waiting when we arrived. They have nice Italian wines by the glass. They allow you to taste the wine before they pour it, even when ordering only a glass, which I appreciated. To start, my boyfriend and I shared the blue crab crositini which had tomato compote and jalapeños on top. It was delicious and a really generous portion of crab. Then we shared the lamb meatball sliders. They were delicious. For my entree, I ordered the paccheri pasta which was made in a ragu sauce and provolone. It was amazing. My boyfriend had the orecchiette which was made with a duck sausage, beans in a red sauce. It was also delicious. We were really impressed with the food. The service was also really accommodating and attentive.  I can't wait to try more of their menu!
#REVIEW#Upscale dining. A check mark on all categories or I'm just lazy to point them all out.The vibe, decor, and service are set-up for your dining pleasure.We walked in a group of 3: ordered drinks, a beef tartare, wine, the dinner of the ravioli special and oh what a great looking and delicious pork chop, shared dessert. We came in hungry, left satied and happy.Did I say the pork chop was good? I mean it was served looking a really well manufactured dinner and tasted very well on the palate with the sauce.We we're hoping part owner Robert De Niro would show up.
#REVIEW#I fall into the instagram trap a lot. I want some fabulous interiors with highly photographable food. So Locanda Verde wasn't on my radar at all until a local friend mentioned we should go if we were staying Tribeca. I'm so glad we did, because it was probably one of my favorite meals ever. If you're from Manhattan, I guess disregard this review because you get incredible food all the time.... But I am still picky and it was great.Sheep's Milk Ricotta with bread? Yes, more please. Sunday Ragu Pasta? NEVER TAKE IT OFFF THE MENU.Finished with chocolate rice pudding? Yes, henny.The service was outrageously good, we hardly were able to put down a dirty fork without it being swept away. The vibes were nice and romantic and chill. I'm a fan!
#REVIEW#A delicious comforting experience.An institution, as verified by the abundance of diners on a Monday night.Quick to seat, attentive service and a warm welcome.Generosity extended with a complimentary bread/cheese starter and an unexpected chocolate rice pudding dessert to conclude.White asparagus was king! Pasta main was all I needed it to be.A very pleasant dinner, enhanced I believe by the superior service.PS. Whisky sour cocktail was delightful.
#REVIEW#Locanda Verde:Recommendation:1: Sheep's Milk Ricotta 2: Black and white monkey bread 3: Scampi and gritsThe sheep's milk ricotta is interestingly delicious!If you like cinnamon, you must try monkey bread!
#REVIEW#After all the wonderful dinners we've had here, we decided to give it one more chance.  The good news, is this time around the service and the food was exceptional!  I'm so glad that was a one time fluke.  If you want an incredible meal with a very upscale scene than Locanda Verde will not disappoint!!!
#REVIEW#Sat at the bar and had a wonderful eating experience. The sommelier helped us decide on a tasteful 91' red wine that was smooth but carried flavor from the wood barrels it was kept in. The food as a whole was amazing but the best things were the wood-fire asparagus and the carrots. I might come back just for those two if I am going to be honest. My braised rabbit was great, I would now try it again and the bread they gave us was cooked to perfection. The Amaro (night cap) wine was given to us by Hannah, a bartender. They told me it was supposed to be like a palette cleanser and settle my stomach. Also was told it was an acquired taste so that's maybe why I didn't like it. Overall:worth the dollar value because the experience and service were impeccable and the food was straight fire.
#REVIEW#The food was so delicious here! I had worked near it for months but finally went for dinner while my family was in town. We ordered several dishes to share as well as individual dishes. The menu was fantastic and had choices for the vegetarians, vegans and meat lovers in our group. Their​ wine selection was superb​. I highly recommend. The atmosphere was fantastic too!
