#NAME#Minetta Tavern
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/minetta-tavern-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,newamerican,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I would say that this somber but intimate gem of a restaurant, with its old school style photography type decoration, is really a perfect setting for date night or for a celebratory event. The service was impeccable, friendly and fast. No issues there. We were seated very fast and the restaurant takes reservations. The food was delicious: the burger is a must try, the dry aged ribeye really gives the patty an unique flavour. The bun was just crispy enough to compliment the burger and the caramelized onions were a perfect addition. The bone marrow was good, but very expensive for the small amount you're getting. Instead, I suggest the chocolate soufflé. The chocolate is so rich, decadent and smooth on the inside and the outside layer has a cooked crispiness to it; it's almost sinful to eat the whole thing. Tldr: so worth it.
#REVIEW#This review is for 4.5 stars. Terrific food and drink. Service hoe stay some of the best I've ever been a part of. The wait is a little much and the vibe is weird where it's loud and also has a dark old school feel. But tons of you f people and business people dining alike. I had the epitomes burger with Brussels sprouts on the side. Both the burger and the sprouts were loaded with onions almost too much.  Burger came plain with no cheese but had side of lettuce and tomato as wel. Bread fantastic and because of the onion and the medium rare cook, the entire burger just stayed together perfectly.  Brussels sprouts could have sued some more char but overall a nice rendition again especially if you like onion. Huge portion so sharable for sure. My vieux carre was the best I've had outside New Orleans and was strong but crushable. For $33 burger plus $5 upgrade fee for Brussels, this burger is a ridiculous price. It is great and the quality of the ground meat is great, but not sure anything is worth that price when you can get comparables all throughout the city for a portion. In the end so glad I tried this beast of a burger, but knowing the restaurant I think many of the other entrees looked to offer just as much flavor and great looks as this burger. I would be back to try some of the other dishes, especially the souffle, but  make a reservation next time. An expensive meal but worthy of a celebration destination
#REVIEW#Met up with some friends who have informally formed a Burger Club. April's choice was Minetta Tavern.Ordered the famous Black Label Burger. I'd rate it in the average-to-good range. The fries were more memorable than the actual burger. I kept munching on those. One of my friends ordered a steak -- despite the Burger Club meeting -- and that looked like a better option than the burger. The bone marrow to start was a good choice too.
#REVIEW#The place has a great, warm atmosphere. It is a bit overpriced.The staff is kind and professional.I left a bag in the front and they had it waiting for me.It is annoying how it is hard to get a reservation.I had the strip steak and the cut was not good. They took it back easily and did not charge me, including for the Brussels sprouts that came with it. They were good, but the sauce was a bit heavy and I have made them better, my first time.The burger was good. I took half home. The fries were good but really should be a thicker cut for a place like that and the price.The cheapest red wine was great.I had a three cream dessert vanilla, chocolate and I think coffee. It was rich and I took it home. It was good two days later. They should add something hard like a sweet cracker with it for texture and plating.Overall it was overpriced, but a good experience.
#REVIEW#One of the best burgers I've had in New York City, very juicy but not to the point of being grossCaramelized onions have an excellent flavor but don't overwhelm the burgerBun was very soft and freshWouldn't call the burger a great value, but certainly worth trying at least onceDefinitely make a reservation, went right when it opened for a dinner on a Wednesday evening and it became a mad house in no timeFairly large restaurant but there is not an inch wasted so personal space will not be a thing during your meal
#REVIEW#As many other Yelpers, I came here to try the infamous Black Label burger everyone is always raving about. We made lunch reservations for around 2:30 on Sunday and the place was packed when we arrived! We were seated in a tight booth all the way in the corner, where we could see the food being prepared through a small window. Our server was a bit awkward and it did take quite some time to receive our food. We ordered the bone marrow and then of course, the Black Label burgers (with cheddar cheese). The bone marrow was such a disappointment. There was no sort of topping or seasoning, and very little marrow for the taking. In addition, half of the pieces of bread were burnt and inedible around the edges. Definitely not worth what we paid. Moving on to the burger - well, I must say it did indeed live up to the hype. The burger was juicy, perfectly cooked, and the onions were a great complement to the flavors. I'm happy we added cheese and ketchup though - I think a big part of a burger is the combination of flavors and textures and this one definitely was lacking in that way. However, I was a really well cooked patty. The fries were also perfectly crispy and lightly salted. Overall, I think it was totally worth it and an overall good meal. But I would not come back to this restaurant.
#REVIEW#We took the train to a random spot, and stepped into this delightful tavern without knowing what a delightful meal we would have.  The mussels were outstanding and enormous, you will want every bite od bread for the broth.  Stellar service that was warm and elegant at the same time.
#REVIEW#At over 2000 reviews for Minetta Tavern, I probably won't tell you anything you don't already know, but here goes.One of my friends and I made a bet, and I won.  The loser had to treat the winner to dinner.  While I didn't want to take them to the cleaners and pick a spot like Per Se, I obviously wanted to pick somewhere, well, nice.  Just in case they ever think it's a good idea to bet against me again.  You know the drill.  Went to Minetta on a Friday night at 5:45 (opens at 5:30).  The next seating for walk ins was at 11:00, so we decided to wait for bar seats instead.  Hasn't this place been around for like, 80 years?!  Incredible that they're still drawing these crowds.  We were quoted at one hour.  My brain said "Let's leave and get tacos instead" but my heart said "This burger will be worth it, don't even think about moving".  We stood at the bar (hostess took our jackets) and ordered some cocktails first.  I got the Smuggler ($18) which was a really lovely drink.  We ended up being seated after just about a half hour which was a surprise.We ordered:TUNA CRUDO: Appetizer came out quickly.  It was a tuna crudo with sliced jalapenos, grapefruit, and pickled onions in a sweet but well balanced sauce.  Dining partner and I split this.  There was one piece left in the end.  I was told I could have it, which was good, because otherwise I probably would've made a scene which I think is frowned upon at high end joints like this one.  E x c e l l e n t.  We were off to a solid start.  BLACK LABEL BURGER: Wow.  Honestly, it's not much to look at, but holy cow (no pun intended).  The quality of this burger is incredible, the cook was lovely, and the fries it came with were perfectly crunchy.  At $33, even true New Yorkers might feel some sticker shock, but it was that good.  PORK CHOPS: We ordered a pork chop special that was served with mushrooms and mashed potatoes.  I'm not big on pork and I hate mashed potatoes, but if you tried to take this away from me I'd still scream bloody murder.  Not on the same level as the burger but still a great dish; enjoyed it very much.  WINE: Cotes Du Rhone (served by the glass): Great recommendation.  OTHER NON-FOOD COMMENTS: Service was fast, professional, and polite.  When I went to the bathroom, THREE people who worked there pointed me in the right direction and one held the door open for me.  That's the type of service you want at a place where you're spending easily over $100 per person.  Dinner partner agreed that this was worth every penny.  I will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Okay, so we've all heard about Minetta's Black Label Burger being named one of the best burgers around. We tried it and the conclusion? Unique? No question. Best? I don't think so. The Black Label is unquestionably different than what you might expect. The burger is sourced from Creekstone Farms from celebrity chef Pat la Frieda, and is a blend of several cuts of beef including a dry aged ribeye. The burger is served on a sesame bun with onions, no cheese, and a ton of French fries. The meat tastes very light, is slightly gamey, and is well seasoned. The different cuts of beef blended together are what make this burger special. In reality, this is less of a burger and more of a ground up hodgepodge of high quality steaks served on a sesame bun. I can agree that Minetta's Black Label Burger offers an extremely unique experience, but at the end of the day it does not satisfy a typical burger craving. The fries also threw me off, I was expecting a thicker cut that was better seasoned/put together. Instead they offer your typical fried chicken-spot shoestring fries that are very crunchy, but not much else. The price is also very high, which is to be expected given the several cuts of meats in the burger and the location of the restaurant. Overall, I don't see myself craving this experience again. It was fun to try and interesting to taste, but I won't be returning. If you haven't tried their Black Label Burger I would give it a shot, just make sure you have a reservation. They book up about two months in advance according to the waiter I spoke to.
#REVIEW#I heard and read for years this is the spot for one of the premier burgers in New York City and being a freak for burgers I had to come. I could not get a reservation so I got there before it opened to get a seat at the bar. I ordered the Black Label Burger and waited uncomfortably as the seats are too high and your legs are squeezed in underneath with another piece sticking out between my legs(and I'm small). Ok focus, BURGER NIRVANA IS ON YHE WAY!!It seemed like it took forever but maybe it was because I anticipated this prime dry aged beef beauty I had waited so long to have. Finally, there it was in front of me, surprised by how much smaller it was from what I had seen but ok, it's the taste right? I took a big bite and waited to process how delicious this was going to be...then I took another bite and waited. Really? This is the $33 miracle everyone raves about?? I mean it was good but a burger so highly regarded shouldn't just be good, it should make me want to take my panties off and toss them around from utter bliss. The saving grace were the perfect fries. Devastated, not even disappointed at this. Ok, on to the next.
#REVIEW#Best burger in NYC hands down. If you want the best burger in Brooklyn then go to Emily's. If Emily's burger had a twin sister in NYC then this would be it. Let's not mention some of the other dishes here are to die for. I'm not surprised since this place has 1 Michelin star. That as it is says a lot. The service was very good and attentive as well. Our server looked out for us constantly. The place itself though loud, is extremely ambient , romantic & sophisticated. With a Ralf Lauren Polo Bar vibe this place is definitely perfect for Saturday night with your date. Have to have : Black Label Burger Oysters Escargot Bone Marrow
#REVIEW#Probably one of the better bone marrows I've ever had. The black label burger was tasty as well, definitely worth the hype. We also ordered the burrata which was semi-peasant, as we are avid burrata eaters. Service was fast and efficient, felt a little rushed at times. Still a great meal in a chill area.
#REVIEW#Minetta Tavern and the staff, specifically Medhi, made our 16 year anniversary extraordinarily memorable. The cocktails were 10/10. Best Old Fashioned I've encountered. Steaks were cooked to perfection. The pommes aligot and anna, not sure which one is which but they were both to die for. The star of the show was unexpectedly the chocolate souffle; evidently flourless and gluten free. So freaking good. Overall, a bucket list meal.
#REVIEW#A solid 4 stars for their Black Label burger - it is melt in your mouth deliciousness. Yes it is expensive for a burger but it is one of the best (if not the best) burgers I have ever had and worth the once every 2 years type splurge. It's a simple burger cooked well with quality cuts of meat topped with caramelized onions with a slice of tomato and lettuce on the side as optional toppings.Have also had their souffle a couple of times - order early on in your meal if you know you want to try this as it takes about 45 mins! Unfortunately we stopped ordering the souffle as the last time it came very overbaked. Can always walk over to Grom for a gelato for dessert!Their other dishes are decent (have had a few of their appies) but for me I would go back just for that burger.Might be a bit too rare for some, but their mid rare is perfect for me.
#REVIEW#HYPEHYPEHYPEWorst Steak Frites ever had, omg you gotta be kidding me. Sooooo many good options elsewhere in the city ( get over to Boucherie and taste something great ). Service was excellent, but given the groundswell and dollars every item should rock. How do you call yourself a topshelf French Bistro and screw up Steak Frites? Had better fries at fast food joints.Never tried the Black Label everyone is bewitched by, but I like simple burgers and enjoy them all over. Don't need this poser/overpriced/overvalued nonsense.Never again.
#REVIEW#Finally got a reservation at Minetta Tavern and it definitely lived up to the hype. The atmosphere is phenomenal (like something out of a Hemingway novel), the service was top notch, and the food was delicious.For an appetizer, we got Bone Marrow and a Tuna Tartare appetizer. The Bone Marrow was definitely good for what it was, but I wouldn't order it again (I generally try to eat healthy, so just not my thing). The Tuna Tartare (I think that's what it was called) was fresh and delicious. My girlfriend loved the Trout (highly recommended). The Black Label burger was very good but after hearing so much hype, it was just a burger (that costs $33). I'd probably get a steak next time. Will definitely return.
#REVIEW#I am... whelmed. Not over or under, but Minetta Tavern Met my expectations. We ordered the black label burger ($33), trout ($33), bone marrow ($26), and potatoes Anna ($11).I had hoped to enjoy the bone marrow a lot more than I did, but alas, I guess I just don't like bone marrow. Pretty much everyone who reviewed it said it was amazing and the best bone marrow they've ever had, but let me warn those of you who haven't had it before: it's like eating gelatin, or butter. It was incredibly fatty and rich, but... that's about it. Not much flavor, and I felt just awful eating it. The crostini that came with it was delicious and already had butter on it, so adding the marrow on top just felt extraordinarily gluttonous. I'm sure it was of good quality but I just don't see myself eating bone marrow again. I should have gone with the tar tar appetizer which is always delicious no matter where you go!I always also disappointed to be underwhelmed by the black label burger. I think my palate for burgers is probably similar to my palate for sushi: I can discern between $5 and $40 sushi, but I can't tell much difference between $40 sushi and $120 sushi. Similarly, while I could tell that the black label burger was of good quality, I just don't think it's worth $33. I would personally have been happy with a $25 price tag, but above that I don't think the value is there. It's also quite a small burger.The potatoes Anna and trout were excellent and I have no negative feedback. Potatoes were sliced so thinly and it was all so buttery. Just deliciously fatty. Completely worth the $11 price tag. The fish was seasoned very well and was also quite buttery, but not too much so like the marrow. While I love fish with crispy skin, I didn't mind that the trout skin was flabby!We didn't have a bad time, but the bone marrow really didn't get the meal started on a good note. I will probably look for another restaurant to try when we celebrate next.
#REVIEW#Rebecca was above all what made our night amazing.We were on a date, and she recommended excellent dishes , I wish we were going home afterwards so that we could have taken it to go!We got the Côte the Beauf for two with brussel sprouts, scalloped potatoes, burrata mozzarella as an app.Do NOT miss out on the bone marrow with the shallots - it was excellent! Also the drinks were outstanding.Just to reiterate, Rebecca was amazing. Cheers to great service and great food !!
#REVIEW#Haven't wrote a review on here in awhile. One word for this place: amazingTheir black label burger was literally to die for. I went with the waiters recommendation which was to add cheese to it. Best decision i ever made. Also tried the zsa zsa pasta which was also delish. Their Sophie cocktail was perfect. Light and refreshing. Waiter was so insanely friendly. Wish i got his name. Can't wait to come back here!
#REVIEW#Minetta Tavern is a great establishment and very easy to get to in Greenwich Village. Dim lighting, presence of a lively bar and intimate seating is the best way for me to describe this restaurant. Our party of 5 was seated in the dining area in the back room and ordered a few dishes to share: [1] Latticini Lioni Burrata - fresh burrata, with sweet heirloom tomatoes and peaches served with refreshing persian cucumber and balsamic vinegar, this was the perfect palate cleanser from our meat heavy meal.[1] Pate de Foie - The pate was so smooth and fatty, we ate every last bit of it. It was served with huckleberries in port and grilled levain bread. [2] Roasted Bone Marrow - this dish was highly recommended by our server and rightfully so, it was oozing with fatty goodness and paired so well with the shallot confit and grilled baguettes. It is a fairly large serving so I would recommend sharing. [3] Black Label Burger - this is Minetta Tavern's famous prime beef burger with cuts of brisket, short rib, skirt, and dry-aged rib eye. High quality meat topped with caramelized onions, tomatoes, onion and pomme frites on the side. The food was fantastic and the service was just as great, our server was warm and welcoming from the start, he brought an energy that made me so excited to eat! I would highly recommend it if ever in New York.
