#NAME#The Little Owl
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-little-owl-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#desserts,wine_bars,mediterranean#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I've been meaning to try the Little Owl for dinner for years! It's a small, charming restaurant in the heart of the West Village. The exterior of the apartment building above is used in the FRIENDS tv show as their apartment building. So I guess the Little Owl is situated where Central Perk coffee shop would be. But The Little Owl is so much more than a coffee shop!I couldn't fault the service, food or atmosphere. We were seated quickly as we made a reservation (I would recommend you do, as the tables fill up months in advance). The food was fantastic. We shared the meatball sliders (signature dish) and beef carpaccio to start, and then opted for the Crispy chicken and salmon entrees. It was a generous serving and great quality food. It's a small, busy restaurant, with a light atmosphere. I would recommend for a special occasion. The prices are quite high, but it's worth it for the quality.
#REVIEW#I went back The Little Owl recently for early morning breakfast on a Saturday. It was so nice to enjoy it before the mad rush of the day, though there is something special about this place when it is filled with people. Had the chilaquiles which were just as good as I remembered! Wish there was an option to add chicken or another additional protein to the dish.  The side dishes of bacon etc. seemed a bit pricey and wasn't sure if the portion was wroth the price tag.  We also split the beignets -- would definitely recommend!  Overall, still a solid breakfast/brunch location. It's small and charming.  The location makes you feel like you're in the heart of the city.
#REVIEW#3.5 stars The Little Owl likely gets a lot of stop-in leftovers from those looking for the find the Friends building, as this is just under the apartment. I simply adore this neighborhood and kept meaning to stop by, but never did until recently. My experience was during brunch on a Sunday. There were four of us so we decided to try the raspberry beignets as an appetizer, everyone but me were huge fans. I've had beignets in NOLA, so maybe I expected something closer to that? I truly feel that the raspberry sauce itself just had no flavor. I ordered the salmon scramble and didn't eat much of it. The eggs were cooked well, but everything was so incredible salty that it ruined the entire dish. One of the ladies in my group got the burger and she informed me it was cooked perfectly and she would get it again. The other two got salads that were specials and I barely remember what were in them but they said both were just "ok". We did get mimosas and they had a decent amount of champagne in it, so worth the money. Maybe I just tried the wrong dishes? I might try again.
#REVIEW#Celebrated a birthday dinner here.   Very small but extremely charming.  They for sure know how to maneuver you in and around in a small space.   Started with a bottle of rose, and opted for the grilled Sardines appetizer.  This was my first time trying grilled sardines and they were perfection!!!!!!!!! Amazingly good!!!  For dinner we had soft shell crab sautéed and pasta.  That too was delicious!!! We got a birthday treat  of banana and chocolate gelato.  The food was amazing.  Everyone that works there were absolutely attentive and kind.  A great experience, highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Wee small and a tad pricy but so cute and so cozy. The staff run around a bit rushed although the number of tables is not that large. You'd recognise the building from 'Friends' Best to have a reservation. The food is 'cute' and super fresh and they do change the menu only slowly allowing some favourites to develop over time The sliders are made of Veal, Beef and Pork, just so you know. The beignets are super cute, not overwhelming I'm size and raspberry drizzle is a beautiful touch.The smoked salmon with scrambled eggs were a medium portion laid over a thick slice of bread. Quite good.
#REVIEW#I'll be honest.  I'd never heard of The Little Owl before, and really was only intrigued by it because it's in the Friends building.  I didn't realize that it's super popular and also Michelin-recommended.Reservations are hard to come by here, but if you come across one, snag it.  Even if it means having dinner at 5:30pm on a weeknight, which is precisely what we did.  The place was surprisingly sparse when we arrived, which I appreciated.  The space is simultaneously homely and romantic, with its antique decor and dim lighting.  Service is wonderful; everyone from the hostess to the waiter to the busboys were friendly and polite.We started with a bottle of rosé and the Michelin-recommended Gravy Meatball Sliders ($15).  After pouring us a couple of glasses, the waiter offered to put our bottle on ice (in the back because our tables were too small) and would bring it out for refills.  The sliders were skimpy at $7.50 per slider (a Shake Shack burger costs $6), but super tender and saucy and delicious.  We shared a couple of entrées, which the waiter was also nice enough to ask the kitchen to split up for us.  Each of our plates had a half-portion of the also Michelin-recommended Roasted Nova Scotia Halibut ($37) and a half-portion of the Crispy Bell & Evan's Chicken ($35).  The halibut was cooked very well, but was a little under seasoned for my palate.  The chicken was better; flavorful and juicy.  We rounded out our meal with another Michelin rec (see a trend here?), the Chocolate Soufflé Cake ($12), which was really decadent.All aspects of our meal considered, The Little Owl is solid.  It didn't quite blow me away, which is what I'd expect from a $150 meal, but it didn't disappoint either.
#REVIEW#Cozy cute with great coffee and tea. Chris was an absolute delight and a great restauranteur with an avid passion for artisanal dishes. I had the Branzino.  perfect.  Thank you to the little owl.
#REVIEW#Tiny, cute but underwhelming restaurant in the Friends (TV show) building, especially for vegetarians. I came here with a friend for brunch and there were limited options for vegetarians (unless I wanted a sweet breakfast item, or a salad or a vegetable side for $14+). I opted for the Bucatini all'Amatriciana without the pork ($19), which was essentially a tasty bowl of spaghetti marinara. While I was satisfied, I could have gotten a more unique/homemade pasta for the same price elsewhere. I also ordered a coffee ($4), which again was good but nothing special.If you're a meat eater, you may enjoy this place more. But, overall seems you are paying a premium for the cute atmosphere and Friends location (rather than gourmet food).
#REVIEW#Overpriced & overhyped brunch is what Little Owl turned out to be.I came in a party of 4 with a reservation and we were seated promptly. My friend got a bombay chai, expecting it to be more like a chai latte with milk. What he got for 5$ was a tea bag & hot water!Now for the food itself, the chilaquiles with fried eggs tuned out to be pretty good. My husband got the poached eggs, and he liked that dish too. My friend got the cornish hen, and for 26$ it was a tiny dish! My other friend got the special which was a scrambled egg mexican dish & again that was a tiny portion & ended up being disappointing. Overall, surely a place I would not visit again as it does not live up to it's cost. Also the place is super tiny and uncomfortable.
#REVIEW#I can't believe I have not reviewed this gem located in the heart of West Village?? I began dining here shortly after NY Magazine gave it a glowing review many moons ago. The first time I dined, I took my mom here to celebrate her birthday.When we entered the petite dining room I'm ashamed to admit my mom's initial reaction: "Where dining here???.. cramped space??" Two hours later, after a delicious meal of Steak, Grilled Chicken , Brussels Sprouts, sliders and delicious dessert, guess how mom felt? She fell in love... especially the Brussels sprouts. She loved them so much that she arose out of her seat and stated" I'm going into that kitchen and asking for the recipe for the Brussel Sprouts! I'll be right back!". And march she did. As we were leaving mom asked me when are we coming back....I've returned many times since then. I've enjoyed everything I've eaten and the exemplary service.Today's lunch with my friend Rochelle was no exception. First, The Little Owl is a perfect spot on a rainy or cold day. To dine here and linger over a glass of wine and listening to the lovely music they play while staring out of their large windows gives me a sense of peace.We started off sharing the Eggplant Parmesan: split into two portions; this heavenly meal lightly breaded on a mound of delicious sauce and arugula is a must! I ordered the Cornish hen, crisp and light, on a bed of brussel sprouts and home fries and lemon jus. Delicious! Rochelle ate the Sautéed Scottish Salmon served with kale, quinoa and avocado. She loved it.We shared the pear crisp with almond streusel and mascarpone gelato. Heavenly! The cappuccino was frothy and hot; perfect on a chilly day.I finally wrote a memento in the book that the check arrives. I do hope The Little Owl reads these notes.I plan to write many in the years to come.P. S. The Little Owl is located between Bedford and Grove. You might get a little lost and ask for directions. You might get: "Oh yes, near The Friends Building( TV show). Wrong! The Friends Building is located on the street where The Little Owl proudly sits.
#REVIEW#Came here again for brunch and love it as usual. I went with the meatball sliders and pastrami hash as I did last time. They had a French dip sandwich on the special today and I had to get it. How do you say no to the au jus? We were there at about 10:20 so we were the only table. The service was prompt and the food arrived quickly. By the time we left, the place was starting to fill up. As an added bonus, you'll always have an influx of people to watch from the windows. This is the Friend's building after all so there's no shortage of people taking photos.
#REVIEW#I was told this was a great restaurant and was terribly disappointed. Too small, too crowded, too noisy. No full bar.  (To add to the misery, they ran out of an excellent bottle of wine that we ordered, and we had to make do with a lesser bottle - and at only 6:30, to boot.) The menu is very limited, and there are no tablecloths on the tables. We shall not return.
#REVIEW#Went on a lunch date on a Monday. We were given a brunch menu and I'm assuming that was because it was Memorial Day. It's a small restaurant, but we arrived at ~1p without a reservation and only waited 10 minutes to be seated as it wasn't too crowded that day. We started with a macchiato and latte-- both standard ($4-$5). Food was splendid. I'm a vegetarian and had a couple of options, but I went for the Chilaquiles ($15) and my gf got the Pork Enchiladas ($22). My entree was good and had a bit of spice to it; the gf also enjoyed her enchiladas, which came with a tasty small bean salad. For dessert we split the raspberry and Nutella beignets ($12 for 4 pieces). We both also ordered a cocktail ($15 each)- sparkling negroni and rosé sangria. I'm not much of a rosé person so I preferred the negroni. Overall bill came out to ~$95 (without tip) for both of us, so it's a little pricy but well worth it for a nice outing. Music was on point when we went with Spanish songs and the overall ambience was nice. Servers were very attentive and checked in on us a couple of times throughout. Would definitely go back!
#REVIEW#I celebrated my birthday with 3 girl friends at the Little Owl. This is a very small restaurant so getting reservations for a normal dinner time is extremely difficult. I made this reservation very far in advance, and even so, it was a very odd time (5pm or 9pm) as they only have 2 tables that can accommodate 4 people. We ordered several dishes to share and each dish was to die for! I had a great experience and so thankful that I was able to celebrate my birthday here. I recommend the Little Owl for intimate dinners and dates. FYI, they have a large staircase for people to sit on while they wait which I thought was super cute so come early and enjoy a glass of wine.
#REVIEW#Came for the burger, which is ranked highly in several lists. It's fine... definitely above average. The meat itself was quite flavorful. The bun was buttery. At just under $20 though, I thought it was fairly expensive. Fries are apparently "spiced" but I couldn't taste any spice whatsoever. I won't return... There are many other better burgers, and at better prices.
#REVIEW#The Little Owl is indeed little. Its a little place, with little food- small portions without sides. For example, if you get eggs benedict... it won't come with a side of potatoes. And if you order french toast, you get 2 slices of toast, that's it. They probably want you to order sides- such as half an avocado for $6 or French fries for $11.This place was super cramped. If the person next to you is big, it is possible that your arms may touch. The bathroom is right next to the kitchen, if there is a line for the bathroom, you will be blocking the entrance to the kitchen.The food was good, but not outstanding. If you are on a diet and want to eat little portions, go to Little Owl!
#REVIEW#This place was just OK.  I came here for brunch with a group of 4 friends - I had previously tried to just walk into this place before and was quoted an hour wait, so this time we planned ahead and made a reservation.They don't have a full liquor license, so brunch cocktails were limited - the mimosa was perfectly fine.  The service was pretty good, though he did mess up my friend's latte ordered and brought her a regular coffee instead - he offered to correct it, but my friend just drank the coffee. We ordered the beignets to share as a table, and these were pretty delicious.  The chocolate sauce was on point and the sugar on the donut was perfect.For my entree I ordered the kale and potato frittata with smoked salmon.  I just wasn't really a fan.  The frittata fell flat, it just didn't really taste good and had a weird texture, and the smoked salmon didn't make up for it.I might give it another chance for dinner or something, but probably not anytime soon.
#REVIEW#A great little restaurant tucked between Greenwich Village and SoHo. We went here because of a friend's suggestion and glad we did. Excellent food with a Mexican theme - every dish was extremely good. We also appreciated the laid-back atmosphere and the prompt service. Small, fun, make reservation.
#REVIEW#I didn't plan to go to this place and still didn't know until now why this restaurant is so famous. Everytime I pass by there are tons of people taking pictures outside the restaurant. The place just super close to my church (just cross a street on the back of church) so that morning I just wanted to try something new and the red color of the restaurant was so attractive and made me step in. I had kale & potato fritattini and a cup of coffee. It was too small potion compared to the price but everyone seems to like it anyway.
#REVIEW#This isn't my first visit to The Little Owl. I think this is my second time for weekend brunch. It's solid. It's small but I've had a great, non packed time at brunch around the 10 o'clock hour. The menu is varied with some items from their regular menu as well as things like whole wheat pancakes, like my husband ordered, and a special of the day which I ordered which happened to be a simple omelet. It was cooked perfectly, wasn't overly cheesy and was mushroom so I was all over that as as our server mentioned it. We also shared the sausage patties. The pancakes come with berries and NY maple syrup. I got a cappuccino and my guy got a hot tea. Did receive a mug that was not nearly full enough of hot water for the tea but it wasn't a big deal. Just asked for more!  Food was delivered quickly and it was hot. I'll also mention the lightly dressed green salad was great with the omelet. It had radicchio in it, I think, which brought in a nice bitterness. So solid food and service just small inside so make those reservations for dinner but brunch early is not so busy.
