#NAME#La Pulperia UES
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/la-pulperia-ues-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#latin,seafood,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came for happy hour and had delicious chips guacamole with banging beef empanadas  The margarita was refreshing and smooth, and my friend loved her Dos Equis  Our server Oscar was excellent too, thank you! We will be back.
#REVIEW#Had a reservation for a big group during the Saturday Drag Brunch. Super energetic and loud inside with a couple performers getting things started while everyone is getting seated.Unlimited Brunch is pretty expensive - $30 for just mimosas, $40 for all cocktails (excluding the meal). Nonetheless cave to peer pressure and did the unlimited cocktails. Good: El Chilango, Vampiro, MimosaNot Good: Bloody Mary, La LocaAs for food, ordered the regular Fritatta ($18) - a layering of eggs, spinach, potatoes, tomatoes, and a whole lot of cheese. Good flavor and surprisingly not overbearing.Service started off super slow, then sped up as everyone was settled and the show was happening. Liked the drag queens, not so much the pricing.
#REVIEW#My fiance and I have been looking forward to eating here for quite some time. What was surprising is that it was somewhat empty when we first arrived on late afternoon Father's Day. The tuna ceviche was pretty good (not the best). The entrees were fantastic, I had a Moqueca Mixto and she had the Hangar steak with sides of spinach and fries. The drinks were strong but great. I believe mine was Sabor de tulum..can't remember ....I had two. She had the Sangria which  was great tasting as well. The waitress was extra attentive and really sweet. This place is solid, I will definitely recommend this to anybody looking for some great latin fusion seafood.
#REVIEW#Loved everything about this place. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 was because the portions were way too small for the price. However, the quality of the food did not disappoint. All of ale fish prepared tasted fresh and flavorful. We ordered the tasting menu sampler which included dishes of salmon, tuna,  and octopus. The octopus was my personal least favorite and the salmon was number one. We also ordered the salmon taquitos and the manchego and corn empanadas. Both were amazing. Drinks were strong and well prepared. The waiter and bartender were both super friendly and helpful. Overall, I had a good experience here and would definitely come back.
#REVIEW#Honestly, some of the slowest service I have ever received. Management had to remake our white sangria twice because it was basically just watered down white wine without any fruit and they even admitted that it was bad so we switched it to a red sangria. They said because of the trouble they would provide a free refill of our pitcher, which never came. Food orders were taken about 45 minutes after we were seated and then another 45 minutes until we saw any dishes arrive at our table. Thankfully the dishes were pretty good (pulpo, hangar steak, and farro salad with steak). The steak in the salad was a bit tough and difficult to slice, given they just gave me a butter knife. I don't think I'll be returning because the service was that bad, even though the food was pretty good.
#REVIEW#Had the chargrilled Bronzino special; was perfectly grilled and make sure to get the coconut rice and broccoli rabe as sides. Service was excellent; they set you up to fully enjoy your meal. Also wonderful vibes; full service bar with ample seating. General manager Roman treated us so well! Was so surprised by the birthday desserts. Definitely get the mousse and tres leche. Not too sweet and the best tres leche cake I've had to date. Their other location in Hell's Kitchen has churros; hope they bring the churros to this spot soon. Cannot wait to come back.
#REVIEW#This restaurant was lovely. The food was great, and our favorites were the ravioli and empanadas. The music was not too loud, and we were able to hear each other which is not common in other places in the neighborhood. The drinks were nice too, the sangria especially was sweet and fruity. We like this place very much, and we will come back in the future! We highly recommend this restaurant to foodies like us!
#REVIEW#Disclaimer: I'm reviewing this establishment's dinner items. I definitely think it's more suitable for late night/drinks. Decided to try this place out for dinner after museum hopping in the area. My friend and I ordered from the grilled proteins category. The steak, though cooked at the perfect medium rare, was flavorless. Not worth its cost of $30, in my opinion. The salmon was good. We both got broccoli rabe and creamed spinach as sides. Both were good and gave the meal some flavor.
#REVIEW#Stopped in to meet a friend after work for happy hour. We were seated at the bar, and the bartenders were friendly and attentive. We ordered a few cocktails. A classic margarita, but my absolute favorites are the ones pictured. The presentation is phenomenal, most importantly their tasty and perfectly balanced taste of alcohol.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite restaurants in the UES. Its ambience gets you in a really good mood, allowing you to have a full experience. The menu offers a wide variety of options to satisfy everyone's cravings. Their Truffle fries are a must. The drink many is the same. Drinks are flavorful and the best of all, not overpriced at all. The service is also another plus this place has. Their hospitality allows you to enjoy this place even more. I highly recommend it.Price: 5 out of 5Drinks: 5 out of 5IG Worthy: 3 out of 5Service: 5 out of 5Food: 5 out of 5
#REVIEW#Has to be some of the most delicious food in NY!!!  The Trio Crudo was absolutely flawless. So tasty and fresh. My husband, who doesn't usually eat fish, was super impressed.  The hanger steak was perfect. Cooked exactly how we wanted and as tender as it could be. The atmosphere is perfect for a date night! Oscar, our waiter was super friendly and super accommodating. I highly recommend this restaurant!!! You won't be disappointed!
#REVIEW#Had reservations for dinner around 8PM on a Saturday. The place was packed when we got there, very popular for birthday parties and larger group dinners. We got seated in a cozy corner so it wasn't too loud or crowded. Unlike many restaurants in NYC, this place is decently well lit and the lighting offers a very warm ambiance. The dishes aren't quite worth their price but we had a nice experience overall.El Guacamole: Yum! Pretty basic guac. Came with lots of chips.Queso Fundido: Since this is a cheese dish, it was pretty heavy. It was also very salty so we had to eat it with the bread they provided on the side. Beef Empanadas: Not super impressed by these. They were strangely sweet and not savory enough. These empanadas were also tiny.Short Rib Papardelle: The special of the night! It had a slight truffle taste (yum) and the portion was quite large. They were generous with the meat and it came with bread to soak up the extra sauce. Great dish!
#REVIEW#LOVE THIS PLACE! Such a great happy hour spot; it normally lasts till 7 but I went on Monday so the happy hour lasted till 8 (or maybe all night? I saw conflicting messages). I love a place that has happy hour food to go along with drinks; we tried the beef empanadas and corn empanadas (both were $10 for 2). We also got the guacamole which was $12, and cava which was $8 a glass. Everything was delicious, and the bartender was so friendly! Definitely will be back for my next UES happy hour to try more of their menuMore on instagram @hangryinthecity
#REVIEW#3 stars. First off, everyone but two people got their meals on time. The second meal came out 20 minutes later and then 40 mins later, we decided to cancel the other meal after it hadn't come since everyone has already finished their meals. Needless to say the service was not good. No one was apologizing and they didn't seem to be bothered by it. Usually I give pretty good reviews, and I usually check yelp, as I did for this place to see. So I was disappointed. The food was good, but I only got to eat half of it since I ended up letting my friend eat some of mine since his never came. It was truly disappointing. I have pics of the food. Also we ordered a size of home fries and they came after everyone was finished, as well as the dressing for a salad. Just not a good experience for my friends birthday and engagement brunch. Truly disappointed.
#REVIEW#Went in for brunch today and had some great food! Eggs Benedict and the pulled pork tostada with a fried egg. The tostada was so so good. We sat at the bar... good service! We will be back.
#REVIEW#Came on a Sunday evening around 6pm, and was surprised to see that they had happy hour on a weekend! There weren't many people in the restaurant so we had our choice of seats and chose to sit at the bar.We decided to get a drink each, one margarita and another drink with OJ (both around $6-7) and order some apps to split. We got the queso fundido ($9) and milanesa sandwich ($14). The cheese was very salty and not easy to scoop up since it wasn't the nice empty cheese we expected, and the sandwich was bland and dry. The only reason I bumped this place up to 2 stars was due to the cheap and decent tasting drinks, otherwise the food was more of a 1-2/5 stars.I don't think I will be back to this place, unless it is to grab a drink or 2, but even for the happy hour price, the food was not worth it.
#REVIEW#Had a blast! Courtney was our server and she was amazing! Qweenz were amaze. Amazing experience all around
#REVIEW#Had a great meal!!! Great for brunch, they give you a massive mimosa to share for the all you can drink. Short rib was really good and the frittata, fries were the perfect side.Definitely coming back for brunch and the wait staff was awesome
#REVIEW#Hi, I usually don't write reviews but Courtney was the best server that I've experienced anywhere! Please do yourself a favor and ask for Courtney when you come to La Pulperia! You won't regret it! Sincerely,A new loyal customer!
#REVIEW#I had such an amazing time here. YOU NEED A RESERVATION A WEEK IN ADVANCE because the show sells out (rightly so). Call in advance for the following week. This location is smaller and a little more cramped/cozy but it's so much fun!! The bathroom is tiny. The food is decent, and the specials even more so.
