#NAME#Urbanspace Vanderbilt
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/urbanspace-vanderbilt-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#food_court#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I love this food hall! I strongly recommend Black Iron Burger (their burgers and loaded sweet potato fries are really good!)I also love Roberta's pizza!! The crust is crispy, and there is just the right amount of toppings. The flavor combos (subtle spiciness+cheese) are also spot on.
#REVIEW#This place is fantastic. I realize the description is "food court," and that's a pretty accurate description as far as it goes. However, it's much cooler than that phrase would seem to imply. A collection of cool small food kiosks-an upstairs and downstairs-with a wide variety of cuisine. Not too large, but spacious enough to accommodate a pretty large group of friends, self-serve-obviously-and shockingly quiet, to the point that you can actually have a normal conservation in a normal tone of voice. I'd definitely come back if/when I'm in the area again.
#REVIEW#I work close by and came across this place after looking for something new/different to eat. Perfect lunch spot, especially if you're in the area. Just be prepared to take your food to go just in case  because seating may be difficult to find, especially if you're in a group. This place is more of an upscale food court, you won't find typical fast food shops here. The food ranges from Mexican food to Korean food to American (burger joints) to German food. If you have the time, I'd say walk around and see what you're in the mood for or if you want to try something new, shop around. I've gone three time so far and got tacos once (they were OKAY... gentrified tacos lol) Another time i got a burger, it was pretty good and the last time I went to this chicken nugget place that was really good. The place is a little pricey overall so I'd say bring your water bottle or get a drink outside before coming in if you plan on sitting. Definitely returning as its great for lunch and they have a lot of food options.
#REVIEW#Lots of good things about this place except no WIFI. I found a seat and an electric plug. I'm resting. They have plenty of name places to eat. Plenty of seating. I'm going to need a bathroom after walking all the way down here! The space is clean, they open early and no one is harassing me! Every employee is hard at work preparing for opening and the lunch crowds. I've been here at lunchtime and believe me, it gets crazy! If you're nearby and want lots of food options come in. It's hard not to find something you would enjoy. PLUS the bathroom is clean and well stocked with TP! The floor employees are kind enough to show you where the bathrooms are located also!
#REVIEW#Oh lala... this place is fabulous and has something for everyone! Ive tried several of the different vendors here but so far, my fav has been the lobster roll/Maine with lettuce! The shrimp sandwich is also A+During lunch time and happy hour, finding a seat or a table is like mission impossibls but the food is easy to order and the options are endless:)
#REVIEW#Monday at around 3pm was not too crowded.   Bought the "BILLS MAFIA 2.0" (mixed Greens & Kale, Buffalo Cauliflower, Corn, Poblano Pepper, Avocado, Red Onion and Black Beanswith Verde Vinaigrette) from Green NYC, which specializes in salads and bowls, but also puts together snacks like charcuterie boards.  This is in no way cheap, however, if you're looking for a variety of raw veggies, this place has you covered.  My salad came out to $13 after tax and tip (optional), which is the same cost of salads at some sit down restaurants.For dessert, Ovenly and Dough offer excellent options.
#REVIEW#Been to Urbanspace twice so far and I dig it! It's your typical food hall situation - basically an upscale/trendy version of a food court (with better food, of course). Think Chelsea Market but smaller! There are many options so definitely something for everyone. So far I've had the jian Bing and the sushirito, both of which were yummy!!Overall, definitely a great spot if you can't figure what you wanna eat but you know want good food and a cool/chill atmosphere. The only downside is that it gets PACKED especially during lunch hour and seating is limited so you may end up either standing or waiting for a seat.
#REVIEW#I really like their bowl because it comes with a big portion of your choice of meat, choice of 3 toppings, and choice of sauce. They also serve purple rice which is healthier than white rice (?) and the kimchi topping was so good. Kimchi in general is good with anything :)
#REVIEW#This place is so crowded. It has a lot of variety but not many of the places are good. I went to the lobster booth and ordered shrimp roll with a side of mashed potatoes which were both terrible. The shrimp roll was literally on a hotdog & the mashed potatoes were dry. Never ordering from here again
#REVIEW#Urbanspace is cool -- another food hall sitch.Good for lunch, as it has something for everyone.My issue is that more often than not, something seems to be lacking from some of the food. It's as if the vendors are giving a "budgeted" version of their real restaurants... And for the price (usually $15+ for  lunch), I expect it to be on point. Examples: 1) The Lobster spot -- the mac & cheese was insanely underwhelming -- hardly any flavor and had a weird chared taste from being flash broiled. The lobster grilled cheese was also very underwhelming and super greasy. 2) Ippudo's Kuro Obi -- they hardly include any toppings in the ramen and the flavor just doesn't compare to a bowl of ramen at Ippudo. For $15 a bowl (a small bowl) I expect more. 3) Mr. Bing's beef dumplings were horrible -- I've had better frozen, store bought dumplings.Places that haven't disappointed: Ovenly, Dough, Roberta's, KBBQ by Korilla, Mimi's Hummus, Liquiteria.
#REVIEW#Just realized I've never rated this wonderful food hall since the past couple of years with almost 10 check in's. This is my go-to food hall when it comes to a great variety of food choices on the days I just want to try everything. Although at many times, I find myself ordering a bowl of ramen from Kuro-Obi. Kuro-Obi is derived from the famous ramen chain, Ippudo, but it is all about their chicken broth. Even though the portion is small, it's one hearty bowl of noodle soup. At this food hall, it's inevitable that you would have to fight for seats especially during lunch rush hour. The weekend and happy hour times are not so bad. For happy hour from 4-6pm at Red Hook, you can find yourself a good deal for some fresh oysters ($1.5 standard/ $2 premium). At other places, you will find good deals on drinks, mainly beer, from 4-7pm. Happy hunting!
#REVIEW#I lately have been on a food hall kick, especially when a) you just wanna eat something on the casual side, and b) when you have multiple people in your party, and you don't wanna understandably go through the hassle of trying to get a table/figure out a place, etc. The food hall is my now favorite way to address these things! I think this space so far is on the top of my list (I admittedly still have many NYC food halls to check out). There are a good number of eateries in a well contained space--enough variety and space, but not to make you feel incredibly overwhelmed. Just enough choice, haha. (But probably still too many choices!).I ordered the ramen which was good, and a coffee from the shop more tucked in the back, and was stoked to see Dough here, too. There's really something for everyone, no matter what your craving may be, and that is a wonderful thing.
#REVIEW#Nice food hall. Lots of different options and cuisines, some more creative than others. Variety of Asian, seafood, chicken, donuts, pizza, coffee and pastries. I came here 3 times during my 4 day work trip for either breakfast or lunch. The soup place (Good Stock) in the middle and coffee (Toby's Estate) down on the end were my favorites. I never did get around to trying the Japanese inspired Mexican place, which may have been interesting, or just gimmicky, I'm not sure. Perhaps next time. Biggest downside is that seating is limited and really cramped during the lunch hour if you are dining in, so I'd recommend taking your meal to go if you don't like loud, overly packed spaces, fending for elbow space while trying to enjoy your meal.
#REVIEW#We need a food hall in Southern CT! Stopped by here for lunch before heading to a matinee broadway show. There were so many choices! I really had a hard time deciding which stall to get food from. Since we don't have a lot of Korean restaurants from where we live, I decided to get food from the Korilla stall. I had the bibimbap bowl and it was soooo good. Hubby also got some of their wings and he devoured them! We also tried a chicken sandwich from bob white but he said that it was just okay. He wasn't wowed by it. He wished he ordered from a different stall instead. This place is definitely good if you have a group with you... so you can get different food from different stalls and share! The only downside is not enough tables and the bathroom is quite small.
#REVIEW#It's nice to have returned to Urbanspace Vanderbilt. Great place for happy hour and to take advantage of HH pricing on beer and wine.There are quite a few Asian food stalls. Plus, there's seafood, Bob White's friend chicken, Dough donuts, Toby's coffee & pastries, Ovenly cookies & pastries. It was 5ish. I noticed most ppl were enjoying a drink and talking. Looked like a young working crowd.The men's and women's bathroom are located in one of the corners of the venue. I didn't see a sign at that corner. After eating and drinking here, my clothes smelled like I've been cooking at the stove. Guess it's not a well-ventilated venue.
#REVIEW#This space is great. I call it a Foodie Food Court. No reason to compromise when picking a place to meet up. Sushi, tacos, lobster rolls, burgers, pizza, hummus, that's just one-quarter​ of it! Everyone can find something they like...other than a seat since they ain't got enough of those.
#REVIEW#This place is pretty neat, and just a short walk from Grand Central station! They have a plethora of food options ranging from Korean to lobster rolls to burgers. I ordered from the Korean stand and got a bowl with bulgogi, purple potato salad, kimchi, and a yuzu lemonade. It was all pretty good but it didn't photograph well. Definitely filling. My boyfriend got a lobster roll and fries and it was delicious! SO good that it was halfway eaten before I even remembered to take a photo. They have open seating and it's all first come first serve. Great for groups that can't decide on one place to eat. It seemed to be popular for people that work in the area to pick up orders for lunch. Definitely a fun place to check out!
#REVIEW#I'm so happy that my husband and I got to visit Urbanspace Vanderbilt on our last day in New York. I loved how spacious and uncrowded this foodcourt is compared to Chelsea Market. They have so many great food places and so many different options to choose from. We ended up getting a lobster roll from Red Hook and some bites from Mr. Bing. I highly recommend the lobster roll! The bing and bao from Mr. Bing were pretty good too!
#REVIEW#I love the food hall concept.  It's like a mall food court but for people that actually like to enjoy their food.  The first one I had been to was in Atlanta, and every place we went to was great.  On this trip to NY, we just needed a place to grab lunch and then something for later as we were on our way from Westchester County to LaGuardia airport and would be travelling all day.  It was pouring and we had a lot of luggage, so we really needed something near Grand Central Station - and all of that was detail you didn't need to know.  #longwinded.What drew me here, besides the options, was Mr. Bing's, and the concept of Chinese street food being brought to the city by a Jewish man who had been studying Chinese in Beijing and wanted to bring the concept back to the states.  It's a chinese crepe filled with meat, veggies, and other fillings.  Think of it as chinese food meets french.  But besides Mr. Bing, they have a couple of taco joints (though one is japanese fusion with Mexican), pizza, sandwiches, fried chicken, a lobster rolls, a noodle bar, a soup bar, two dessert places (bakeries) and I am sure I am forgetting a couple.A food hall should primarily be judged on the quality of the food, and to be honest, our choices were hit and miss.  I loved one of mine, thought another was just okay, and the third I had for lunch the next day so it can't be judged based on reheating.  My girlfriend wasn't thrilled with her first tacos, enjoyed her second tacos, and her cupcake, and I believe she got something else.  It should also be judged on the variety of options, and again, I think this falls a bit short since it has 4 or 5 Asian restaurants, and while I know not all Asian cooking is the same, I did find that a bit odd.  That said, one of them was the "bings" mentioned above, another was a Japanese/Mexican fusion, another was a noodle bar, another a soup bar.  So regardless of the concentration of Asian options, they all served something different, so variety was maintained to a large degree.All in all, I liked it here.  Very convenient, and overall good food quality.  Any complaints I have about the food I will reserve for my reviews of those places.  Looking forward to checking out another food hall for my next NYC visit.
#REVIEW#This was a walk away from my hotel and the best little spot we stumbled on. There are so many options for any craving you are having. It is a little pricey but everything I got from there was well worth it. I jumped around and got many different things. Sushi burrito with truffle fries and a taco. I figured why not ‍ and I loved everything. Nice ambiance inside and friendly for both family/kids/happy hour or out with fiends!
