#NAME#Mermaid Oyster Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/mermaid-oyster-bar-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,raw_food#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I had such a lovely experience here, mostly because I felt like I was in the Hamptons. A combination of the ambiance, the west village location, the beautiful day our love of oysters - we were geared up for the perfect dinner and our expectations were exceeded.Happy hour is such a deal. That's one thing that made me feel like I wasn't in the Hamptons.Moseying from the bar to the table - food was outstanding - we had everything on the menu. Clams, oysters, fish tacos, lobster rolls, fries. Etc etc. yeahhh we were hungry. The lobster was sooo perfect! And I love lobster. Our waiter Cameron was so helpful and patient. He was great with refills and recommendations. At the end, he brought us out little chocolate pudding cups and a little surprise game! Our table didn't know how the meal could have gotten any better but it did - through chocolate.Not cheap eats but for what you're getting, it's a huge value. We had a wonderful time and hope to be back soon.
#REVIEW#There are plenty of restaurants on MacDougal Street and I am glad we stopped here. Service was friendly and helpful. Food was excellent. Well prepared and tasty.The menu was limited in size and content but complain adequate. The fried oysters were excellent. French fries were a true treat. A delight. We had a most of the items on the menu and we're pleased.
#REVIEW#This place is great. Got to there (on a Thursday night) an hour before our dinner reservation and sat at the bar. Reed, the super awesome bartender took care of me. Two Mermaid Palomas (not too sweet and really strong) and a few dozen  happy hour oysters later, I was doing just great. The oysters really fresh.  When my friends came in we were seated right away. It was still happy hour so we ordered drinks and happy hour food: fish tacos, shrimp sliders, artichoke dip, more oysters and fried calamari. The portions were mostly labeled as mini on the menu and they were. Everything was delicious. Here is the best part, five minutes to the end of happy hour the waitress came over to let us know that happy hour was winding down and let us get our last round of drinks and food in!  That totally won me over! This was a really nice restaurant.  Small, but well organized. Casual with great ambiance. Delicious happy hour food. Excellent drinks and fresh oysters.
#REVIEW#Loved this cute restaurant. Came in on a Saturday around 620. Hour wait for the dining room so tried the bar waitlist instead. Was seated within 10 minutes. Tried the shrimp avocado slider, oysters, crab and spinach dip. All were awesome! They give you everything crackers and butter- also awesome! Great service- friendly, attentive bartender. Made a great Aperol spritz. They even give you a complementary chocolate pudding dessert at the end of your meal. Oh- and all of those things were on happy hour all day Saturday until 7 pm. Bonus!
#REVIEW#This was such a pleasant date night for me. The lobster knuckles were amazing. It was given in an escargot plate with garlic bread and a dipping sauce. This was such an interesting dish, I've never eaten anything like it before. Highly recommend.  The fish and chips were good too. However, the fish was very deep fried. The wait on a Wednesday night was 5 minutes and the waitress was very nice. The oysters were very fresh and for dessert when they give you your bill you also get a chocolate mousse.
#REVIEW#Came for Wednesday night happy hour 5-7PM. Made a reservation and was seated promptly. The happy hour menu is pretty extensive so we got a little carried away and ordered a bunch of goodies to share. Warning: the prices are compelling only because the portions are tiny. They're not joking when they include "mini" in the item name. Even with the seemingly large amount of food we ordered, everyone left hungry enough for another real meal.Happy Hour Oysters ($1.25 each): Not the best happy hour oyster deal out there and these oysters were pretty tiny (they called them medium) but they were very fresh.Mini New England Clam Chowder: Yum! Unlike many clam chowders I've had in my day, this one wasn't liquidy. It was creamy and had plenty of clams in it. Unfortunately, the "bowl" was also the size of an espresso cup so there wasn't much actual soup to enjoy.Salmon Tartar: I'm not a fan of tartar so this was just okay. Nothing too special. The portion you get for $5 is about what you'd expect.Mini Mermaid Fish Taco: This was just a normal fish taco on a crispy taco shell. It was pretty good for a $3 fish taco though.Crab & Spinach Dip: So good! This tasted like a very savory cheese dip. Came with a side of saltine crackers.Mermaid Paloma: This was basically a $8.50 mocktail. Super sweet, lots of ice, and could not taste the alcohol at all.When I think happy hour, I think good food and drinks at very reasonable prices. The food and drinks here are okay but don't justify the price. You can find better happy hour options out there for sure.
#REVIEW#On our first night in town, we arrived earlier than our reservation but we're lucky enough to score seats at the bar and during happy hour.  We had started with the raw clams which were salty and delicious!I had the lobster roll - full of meat with a buttery bun. My colleague had the fish and chips which she enjoyed. The old Bay fries were really good as well.I would recommend coming back for a quick meal, or date night
#REVIEW#My family and I came here to get appetizers and drinks. I ordered French fries and my mom ordered the crab and spinach dip. The french fries were pretty salty.. but my mom loved the crab and spinach dip. We also got calamari which was delicious. At the end they gave us this cute little pudding cup with homemade whipped cream on it which was heavenly. So.. overall everything thing was very good.
#REVIEW#Four of us enjoyed a late Saturday night dinner at Mermaid Oyster House. We started with cocktails as well as the mussels and ceviche for appetizers. Both were tasty however neither had accompanying bread or tortilla chips. We had to order two rounds of bread to soak up the yummy mussel sauce. The ceviche would have been even better with a chip to enjoy it with. My entree was a lobster roll. And it was great! A perfectly toasted roll with loads of lobster inside. It was excellent!Service was good, not great. Overall, a fun and tasty evening in a small, unpretentious setting.
#REVIEW#3.5 stars -- New York is an expensive city to live in, so New Yorkers take advantage of weekday Happy Hours.Not all dishes are created HH equal.  Tip:  Stay away from the $9 Mini Lobster Roll.  For $9, I'd expect half of a Lobster Roll, maybe even 1/3 of one.  But unfortunately, $9 gets you a lobster roll MAYBE half the size of a slider.  Yes, HALF of a SLIDER!  *sad face*If you want a great HH deal, go for the raw oysters, fried calamari, and sides.  Good portions, great taste!Again, STAY AWAY from the MINI LOBSTER ROLLS!!
#REVIEW#Great great happy hour!! I came here on Monday for happy hour. I got some Oysters($1.25), clams ($1), fish taco ($3.25) and some cocktails. Happy hour is all night on Monday! Yay! Oysters and clams were pretty fresh and fish taco was super tasty even though it was very tiny.. All gone with only one bite.. I got some Aperol spritz and it was tasty too. 8.50 dollars for a cocktail is a pretty good deal. (Beer $6 and wine $8.50). Staffs were friendly and nice. Nice atmosphere was a plus!! One of the best happy hour deals in NYC. I will come back!!
#REVIEW#4.8Mermaid Oyster Bar was the perfect spot for a summery August dinner, especially when we were blessed enough to sit outside. I cannot comment on the interior of the restaurant, but the few tables they have outside are absolutely darling! Despite being out there, our server was still attentive and we were taken good care of!We started off with a handful of oysters - the SHIBUMI west coast, and the NAVY POINT east coast. I'm partial to east coast guys, and these were very similar to blue points IMO. My boyfriend prefers west coasts, and the shibumi were sweet and plump, with a fun name! After slurping down some delicacies, we ordered a few smaller plates to share. My favorite was the BURRATA dish with a unique twist. The gooey deliciousness ball of 'rata sat atop a crispy thick-cut slice of fried green tomato, over a bed of greens with tomatoes. Although burrata doesn't pair well with a seafood heavy meal, the dish was delicious enough to not feel weird ordering and devouring it. We also really enjoyed the OCTOPUS plate. The single tentacle was meaty and tender, with a crispy exterior. The accoutrements paired well with the succulent octopus. Our least favorite, although not bad, were the LOBSTER KNUCKLES. The "knuckles" were meaty pieces of lobster, soaked in a garlic and served in an escargot dish with bread to sop up the garlicky oil. They were heavy on the garlic flavor, and I was hoping for a lighter, fresher take on lobster. I love restaurants that add a special little touch, and Mermaid didn't disappoint. Along with the check, diners are given a mini chocolate pudding to fulfill all your dessert needs. It was perfect for satisfying your sweet tooth without having to commit to a full dessert, and it did not go underappreciated!
#REVIEW#We came here for happy hour for their $1.25 oysters and $1 littleneck clams. The oysters were so tiny, even though the waitress said they were midsized. Tasted very fresh but very little meat to them. I wouldn't pay $1.25 for such tiny oysters again. The littleneck clams were huge compared to the oysters and a great deal for only $1 each. I also had the Mermaid Paloma and it was very alcohol forward. The lobster knuckles were extremely oily, completely drenched and swimming in a puddle of olive oil. The fried calamari was a great HH value, really good. Overall, it's obvious why these oysters are picked for their happy hour-- they're extremely tiny. The waitress was very nice and the ambience was great but there are better happy hour deals around!
#REVIEW#Happy hour was just amazing when you come in early and have reservations.  Service was quick, food came out  quick, and the oysters were crisp.  A must Roy if you are in the area and have some time to kill.
#REVIEW#CelebrationFood great, service, could be much betterWe came at the end of happy hour and ordered some cocktails, oysters, and salmon tartar. My friend loved her oysters and the tartar was delicious. Asking for an extra dry clean martini, my friend was brought a dirty martini, which she had to wait 10 minutes to send back, and I asked for Paloma with a tequila/agave substitute as they make my mouth itch. I asked if she had remembered to put in the substitute and she just took the drink without another word. Which I assume meant that she'd forgotten. She also disappeared for 20 min when we were trying to get our check, and messed up on a second martini order (dirty once again and the messed up drink ended up on the tab)Pumpkin kale salad (recommend) - lightly dressed, roasted pumpkin, love the acidity from the pickled onions.Seafood Stew (special) - (recommend) tomato lobster bisque base with shrimp, oysters, clams, mussels, squid, and scallops with sweet potato, okra, and toasted bread. If they have this on the menu, definitely order. The portion is huge compared to many of the other entrees, but the broth is rich and delicious, perfect for the bread. If only there were more shrimp and clams!Scallops - delicately cooked, by the portion is tiny compared to the stew we got, and it was more expensive! (yes, I know the technique, but the difference in amount of seafood was astounding). Parsnip puree was good, but the scallops were definitely the centerpiece, as they should be. However, overall it was a much less satisfying dish.Complimentary pudding and fortune telling fish - always a welcomed ending, though I do think warm pudding is superior ;)
#REVIEW#How do you beat happy hour with $1 oysters especially in NYC?  My friends and I found ourselves near the Mermaid Oyster Bar with happy hour right around the corner and so we walked over hoping to be able to get seated immediately.  Unfortunately, there was already a wait, and the $1 oysters are not $1.25.  Regardless, we decided to take our chances and place ourselves on the list and were told that the wait would be 1 hour and 40 minutes, and so after giving our number to the hostess, we began to walk around and do some shopping in the neighborhood.  To our delight, after an hour we were called that the group ahead of us had canceled and that a table was available for us if we were still interested.  Of course we were!After being seated, we only had about 40 minutes left of happy hour and so we were on a mission!  We immediately ordered oyster and clams - unfortunately we were told that you can't order more than a total of two dozen at a time, but that as soon as those two dozen hit your table, you can order more. And that is exactly what we did.  What I do NOT like about the happy hour oysters is that you can be served itty bitty oysters and clams or get lucky and get nice larger oyster and clams.  Had I been paying more than $1.25 for each one, I definitely would have been really upset at the extreme differences in sizes I was getting.  In addition to several rounds of oysters and clams, we also had some old bay fries (good), and shrimp corndogs (not worth it - the shrimp is barely there and the corndog batter which was the majority of the corndog was way too deep fried).What was a nice surprise to the end of our meal were the little complimentary cups of chocolate mousse and the fortune telling fish which added some fun amusement at the end of our meal.
#REVIEW#Mermaid is the best place in my opinion to get oysters in NYC. I love the fact that they have happy hour even on weekends.Three of us walked in here on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar. I would recommend making reservations because we saw lots of ppl waiting but we were able to score seats at the bar within 10 min of getting there. I believe HH is served in the entire restaurant, not just the bar. We ordered oysters, littleneck clams, clam chowder, calamari, and some cocktails.To be honest, everything we ordered here was amazing! I loved the pear pressure cocktail - very refreshing, not sweet, just the way i like it. I also ordered the hot & dirty which is essentially a martini with a slight spicy kick to it. Very impressed with both drinks! It's usually hard for me to find cocktails I like at restaurants/bars because I hate sweet drinks and I love savory/spicy ones.The other standouts were definitely the calamari and obviously the oysters/clams. The calamari was super crispy and the breading didn't fall off which I liked. Had a nice seasoning to it as well. The marinara sauce it came with was warm and very tasty.
#REVIEW#Quite disappointed with the food. Honestly, I have been going to the mermaid oyster bar many times since I was in college. Maybe my taste has changed but this is the last time I would go to this location. I will not recommend any of my friends visiting NYC to go anymore, I surely did before. I went to the East Village location recently and it was still good. This location ... $26 for one piece of fish (smaller than my palm and I am a petit person) and a plate of shoe lace fries. Okay.... I was furious. $28 gets you 4 pieces of yellow fun tuna... well it's not enough food for a grown person let me tell you! It's appetizer size. NOT A LARGE PLATE OF FOOD. No side no nothing, seriously? 4 "big" bites. $29 gets you a lobster sandwich and a full plate of regular fries. That's a portion for people. And that's the only thing that has normal portion size. Can you tell me this is the price and the portion size for your large plates. Can you explain to me how you justify the money I pay for them???We also had a baby grand plater. That was not bad but ... I won't ever go back.
#REVIEW#The food is delicious, the oyster selections are soooo fresh, and the service is considerate and quick. I went here with a group of gf's to kick off the Memorial Day weekend and we enjoyed ourselves so very much. We will be sure to be back. The lobster and corn fritters were sooo good. Great start to the night!
#REVIEW#Really great experience. The host was welcoming and seated me quickly. Server was very sweet and attentive. The happy hour here is amazing and the ambiance is refined and somewhere between upscale and casual. I will definitely be back !!
