#NAME#Boqueria Spanish Tapas - Flatiron
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/boqueria-spanish-tapas-flatiron-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#spanish,tapas,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Make reservations! I came here on a Saturday night around 8pm and the place was packed. It was dark and lively. It smelled delicious..We shared:- Patatas Bravas: Nicely done and so addictive. It stayed crispy and didn't feel greasy. The salsa and garlic aioli were sooo yummy. Get this if you love potatoes! - Pulpo a la Plancha: My least favorite. The octopus wasn't as tender and a bit too salty. The mashed potato was very dry.  - Croquetas Cremosas: Yum! It comes in ham and mushroom. Both were great in flavor but I preferred the creamy mushroom. - Albondigas: Highly recommend! The lamb meaballs were perfectly cooked swimming in delicious tomato sauce. The cucumber and cheese gave it a nice fresh contrast to the acidic tomato sauce. - Churros Con Chocolate: Nothing special and I'd say skip if you're already full. The churros were light, crispy and very sweet. It worked well with the rich dark chocolate dip. I had a glass of red sangria as well and it was great. Service was attentive and food came quick. I was a bit bothered at how tight the tables were. Other than my experience is a little above average. I'd like to try brunch sometime.
#REVIEW#Got here at 9 on a Saturday night.  The place was packed.  And LOUD.  We sat right away.  The waitstaff is friendly but understaffed.  This is a great place for groups who want to drink and have good food. We were two and I saw maybe three other tables of two. Glad we got to sit alone. Definitely need a reservation here.  The food was ok.  Comparing to Barcelona which may not be fair. The tomato bread was fair. It came with olives. The squid was cooked perfectly.  Came on a bed of squid ink pastaThe shrimp with garlic and oil was good. Comes with breadFire roasted eggplant with pita was goodThey forgot to bring the patatas bravas but in the end we got it w an apology.  It was very good.
#REVIEW#My favorite Spanish restaurant in the city. I have been to so many but no other restaurant can beat the taste. This place is packed always- so it's better to make an reservation :)
#REVIEW#Came here with my gf at around 6pm yesterday (Saturday) and got a seat in the front right away. The food here was on point, comparable to the food we got when we were in Barcelona (for a higher price of course but in nyc, what do you expect). We ordered the shishito peppers, asparagus, calamari, and dates wrapped in bacon. The dates, bacon, and cheese portioning was a perfect blend of flavors. Our favorite had to be the asparagus with hazelnuts and manchego cheese. The calamari was delicious but they don't give a large calarmari portion (we got about 5 small pieces). Overall, great find and would definitely come back!!
#REVIEW#We came to Boqueria during happy and we were lucky enough to find a table within minutes! We got the rosé sangria (has strawberries) and then I got the red wine sangria for round two (has apples and oranges). Both drinks were good but the rosé was a little too sweet for me. Boqueria has a decent sized happy hour food menu, we got patatas bravas, escalivada (fire roasted eggplant & peppers), and pan con tomate con jamón y manchengo. The food was good but not great, everything was very salty. So I'd come back for the dink's only. The server was great at putting cream/yogurt on the side for certain dishes and checking up on us.
#REVIEW#This is one of togo places for some bites and drinks. My favorite here is the seafood paella and bacon wrapped dates.They have an ample variety of vegetarian options.  We enjoyed the mushroom croquettes and the flatbread was okay. I have always enjoyed their white sangria over reds and not really a fan of the dessert options. Although they look pretty enticing.For the vegetarians, I would recommend this place as a pre-dinner option just to get your evening started.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite tapas spot! The West Village location is bigger than the Flatiron but definitely more intimate and cozy. Honestly you cant' go wrong on what you order cause everything here is pretty good! The sangrias are AMAZING! If you're a fan, you must order a sangria. It also comes in a pitcher as well. Paella = BOMBDOTCOM. Things I ordered: - GAMBAS AL AJILLO: Shrimp, garlic, brandy, and Guindilla pepper in olive oil- PULPO A LA PLANCHA: Grilled octopus, fennel, smoked pimentón, Picual olive oil mashed potatoes- CROQUETAS CREMOSAS: Creamy croquettes; three each of mushroom and Serrano ham- ALBÓNDIGAS: Colorado lamb meatballs, tomato sauce, sheep's milk cheese, basil- PAELLA DE MARISCOS -Bomba rice, monk sh, sepia, squid, shrimp, clams, mussels, saffron, salsa verde
#REVIEW#I may come back during regular dinner hours to give this place another try, but the items my friend and I had for HH were all pretty underwhelming, starting with the Patatas Bravas... I've had them many times before, both in Spain and in the US, but they were never so soggy and mushy like they were here at Boqueria. (The menu description even says "crispy potatoes...") If a Spanish Tapas restaurant can't get fried potatoes right, then I'm not sure I can trust the other dishes. Surely enough, the Chicken and Steak skewers, priced at $9-10 for two very small skewers each, were very dry. Portioning was a bit skimpy for the grilled bread with Serrano ham and Manchego cheese (such tiny slices!), and the house-made chorizo patty was small, dry, mealy, and not very flavorful. At least the Spanish Tortilla was okay, as were the Albondigas (lamb meatballs) and the Ensalada del Momento. I had a great time catching up with my friend, and it was cool that HH allowed us to try many items (we basically ordered one of everything), but I was surprised at how most of the items were so poorly made compared to what they cost. Maybe dinner menu items are better.
#REVIEW#Accommodating for a party of ten! Been to a couple tapas places in the city and this has been the best so far.  They have a variety of strong flavors and we didn't even have to order, they just brought out "chef's choice."
#REVIEW#LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant! My family and friends frequent this spot quite often because their chef makes delicious food, the atmosphere is romantic/lively, and everyone who works there is super accommodating. If you and your friends enjoy tasting a bunch of dishes, then please do yourself a favor and check Boqueria out. Their menu has a variety of dishes with or without meat/seafood, so everyone with dietary restrictions could enjoy themselves too. Also, don't forget to order dessert(s)! Their dessert is always on point. If it was acceptable to lick the plate clean at a restaurant, I would... Space: Tables are a bit snug and Boqueria gets super packed, so please call to reserve your spot!
#REVIEW#I go here more often than I should admit. But the happy hour and the brunch special are great values. And I noticed that the place actually gets busier as I'm leaving--after happy hour. Probably because the food is always very tasty, and executed very quickly.One of the servers during happy hour will put in "consecutive" drink and churro orders. So you can drink more and eat churros after your tapas--all during happy hour.
#REVIEW#After writing my review, the manager of this restaurant contacted me and truly apologized and offered to invite me and my friends back for a better experience. I was not able to actually return (though I wanted to!) but the level of service and care he showed me was sincere. Next time I am back in town, I will definitely return.
#REVIEW#This place really lives up to the hype. I thought I could get here during happy hour and have some tapas. Unfortunately, this place is pretty small and there was no room for me at the bar. I managed to get a beer, but there was no way to get food and eat it. Real shame, because if the tapas are the same during dinner and a lower price, then it's a real bargain. Would try to come earlier and trying to do happy hour that way. Regardless, the food we had here was amazing. The potatoes were perfectly crispy and delicious. The croquettes were creamy and delicious. Brussels were crunchy and delicious. Overall everything here was great. I'm usually not a fan of sangria because I feel like it tends to be weak, but it was very strong here and has some gin in it as well, which I really liked. The service here was also really good. The food comes out equally spaced apart and they are very attentive. Also it was my friend's birthday and I told them, and they put a sparkler in our churros. Great touch.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch and got their brunch feast for 2 people, which was a TON of food.  Unfortunately, the brunch feast didn't have all the options I would've wanted, such as a Bloody Mary and the Benedict with salmon instead of peppers even though the price was the same.For our tapas we got:Patatas bravas - I don't think these were gluten free so I got to eat them all myself.  The aioli sauce was delicious.Berza salad - the kale, grapefruit and avocado were very fresh and tasty and it was perfectly dressedSpanish omelet - I didn't really like this, I had never had a Spanish omelet before so didn't know what to expect, so my fiancé at this entire dishEggplant - while I loved the eggplant, I didn't like the pepper flavorBrunch paella - huge portion and quite tasty. I think it could use double the amount of eggs though so the yolk can really be spread throughout the dish (so 4 instead of 2).Overall, this is a great place for unlimited drinks brunch with good Spanish tapas assuming you like the options on the brunch feast.
#REVIEW#I came to Boqueria for my birthday dinner with my family. It's a very tight space, and with a party of 5, they put us in a really cramped table. I asked to move because we literally couldn't all fit, and the hostess got fussy. Down one star.Everything else was great. The food was excellent and cooked perfectly, we even got two orders of the calamari because it was that good. The paella was excellent too, and the smaller portion was plenty. I was really impressed with the waiter too, he was extremely knowledgeable and had the entire wine menu memorized and gave excellent recommendations.Boqueria is pricy for what you get, but at least the ambience and food are worth it for a special occasion. Make a reservation, on a Monday night this place was packed.
#REVIEW#We had a beautiful dining experience in this fashionable Flatiron location that offers delicious bites.Our experience did not start off great but the food made up for it. We had a reservation for Saturday night and had no wait upon arrival. However, we were seated at the communal table in the back and were told the other tables were being held for other reservations. Not a big deal except the servers kept hitting me as they went past. I asked to move and was instead told by the hostess that checking my coat would eliminate the problem. It did but only slightly but I eventually squished over to my boyfriend's side. Our server was friendly and brought our drinks quickly. I got the spicy margarita and it was really good. She suggested the tasting menu which we felt would allow us to try a bunch of things and be a good price. We picked the charcuterie plate and allowed the chef to pick the rest of our items.TABLA DE EMBUTIDOS - The plate was of Jamon Iberico which is aged for 30 months and super tender. A small bowl of olives, peppers and two pieces of bread completed this delicious starter. Our first course was ENSALADA ROMANA, romaine salad with crispy bacon flecks, pear and sardines. The salty fish mixed perfectly with the sweet fruit and made a usually standard dish special.Second and third, the DÁTILES CON BEICON, bacon wrapped dates and CROQUETAS CREMOSAS, croquettes with a creamy center. These were both amazing! The dates were so yummy and the croquette was divine!The next dish I forgot to take a pic but included these delicious sweet potatoes.We then had GAMBAS AL AJILLO, garlic shrimp. I could have drunk a gallon of the sauce and been very happy. One of my favs!Next was grilled skirt steak with veggies which was cooked perfectly.Last, churros filled with Nutella and dulce de leche. Mouthwatering! Great food and if we can sit somewhere else, we'll be back for sure!
#REVIEW#Very good food and nice decor. This place is packed on weekend nights, and for good reason. I'd give it 5* but the service is not good. The serving staff are short, clearly rushed, and eager to turn over the table. They served us two dishes with no utensils and it took half the meal for our wine to arrive. They also don't take reservations. The food makes it worth it.
#REVIEW#Don't get me right, the service, the attention, the atmosphere was awesome. A++ was originally gonna rate a three star but it seemed unfair just because of the prices and service. My only complaint was the food. The tapas were good but I had two items that I did not enjoy which were the truffle mushrooms and the paella. The paella was really bad, would not recommend it at all. I feel like other items would've been great, but the paella was not the one. The patatas bravas were good, the tortilla was delicious and so were the dates. Will definitely visit again for brunch but will not be getting the paella.
#REVIEW#A friend and I decided to check this place out because I had a 30% off deal via Blackboard Eats. It's not valid on happy hour items. Happy hour is until 6:30 and it's at the bar only. You can get $7 glasses of sangria, $8 house wine, $5 Estrella beer, and a few other random select cocktails.For dinner, we decided to order a bunch of tapas and share everything. We ordered six plates, but by the time the last one showed up, we were already getting pretty full. This is was we ordered:Patatas Bravas ($10) - crispy potatoes, salsa brava, roasted garlic aioli. I loved these. They were perfectly crispy and I loved the aioli.Pulpo a la plancha ($19) - grilled octopus, fennel, smoked pimentón, Picual olive oil mashed potatoes. This was great. The octopus was nice and tender, and the mashed potatoes were very flavorful.Albondigas ($16) - Colorado lamb meatballs, tomato sauce, sheep's milk cheese, basil. These were pretty gamey. There were five in an order and my friend really did not care for these so I ended up eating four of them.Croquetas Cremosas ($12) - creamy croquettes; three each of mushroom and Serrano ham. This was probably my favorite out of everything we ordered, especially the mushroom.Jamon Serrano ($13) - "Jamónes de Segovia" Serrano ham, aged 18 Months. This was good - no complaints here.Calamares ($14) - baby squid, white beans, artichokes, squid ink, Calabrian chilies, garlic, dill. I guess my brain skipped over the beans part because I was completely surprised when the dish showed up served on a bed of beans. It's not a bad thing but it was A LOT of beans. This also happened to be that last dish that showed up, so we didn't eat too much of it. Even with the BBE deal, it was still a tad pricey so I'm not sure I would be back - especially when there are so many other tapas places in NYC I need to try.
#REVIEW#Boqueria is my go to tapas place. But you need to expect for the weight at bar seats. It's always busy but food is solid. I've never disappointed. The service is excellent. I sometimes eat solo at the bar but they are attentive even though it's super busy. I have not had any dish that I don't like here. It's worth the wait!
