#NAME#Becco
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/becco-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This is an absolute must on your next trip to NYC.  It is in a great location ---- 46th St.  They offer an amazing "fixed price"  special. It is an unbelievable price of $20.00 -- for lunch.  You get a choice of a Caesar Salad or an Antipasto.  We chose the Antipasto.  Upon seating you, the wait staff brings over a small dish of a white bean dip and a dish of olives.  They also bring a basket of bread and a variety of bread sticks.  When the antithesis arrived we were anxious to try it all--- green peas, beans, carrots, and lots of interesting vegetables.  Along with this dish they included a small serving of swordfish and a small sampling of calamari---- there was a small dish of ricotta with a drizzle of honey to enjoy with the vegetables For the entree you could hare as much pasta as you want.  There were 3 selections---- tomato & basil, mushroom ravioli and seafood fettuccine.  All three were delicious.  We left very satisfied and comfortable with the check.  Be sure to check this out on your next trip to THE BIG
#REVIEW#Overall, this was really good. I came with a big group and got a family-style menu, so we got to try a lot of things. The meatballs were absolutely the best thing I ate all night, but the steak, cheesecake, prosciutto, and homemade mozzarella were also big hits. That said......I love pasta, and theirs fell really short of my expectations. The rotini pesto was the best of the bunch by far, but still not super special. The artichoke ravioli was good, but could have used a little more flavor. It hurts me to even think about the spaghetti pomodoro we had because the sauce was so mediocre. It was especially mind-boggling because the tomato sauce the meatballs came in was absolutely delicious. That dish was what I'd been waiting to eat all night and for it to be nearly inedible was crushing. The restaurant also forgot our reservation somehow, and it took an hour to be seated. There's no real waiting area in the place, and it was too hot to be outside, so we awkwardly stood in a hall with lots of foot traffic until we got to sit, which was less than ideal. We got our drinks comped, but it was still frustrating. I'm still going to buy Lidia's sauce at the store, that stuff is delicious when you need to whip up a quick meal, but I'll find a different Italian place next time I'm in NYC.
#REVIEW#Jesus Christ, what a horrible experience and restaurant. Sat 3 grown people at a table for 2, greedy bastards.Caesar salad was without flavor, pasta was mediocre at best and service was poor.Too many good and excellent restaurants in NYC.Avoid this one.
#REVIEW#used to be great fun, great food, and a great deal. now...dinner there last week, we had 2 guests and ran up a healthy bill with 2 bottles of wine.the gf and i were not very hungry, wanted to share an entree. ordered said entree with the $9 side order pasta sampler, called an "intermezzo". when the meal was served, we got the entree plus an order of their $26 a plate all you can eat pasta trio. i told the waiter that wasn't what we ordered, that we wanted our entree and intermezzo plate to share. he told us there was "no sharing", and basically forced us to accept a $17 up-charge in front of our guests, for something we did not want and did not order. we were lied to, then embarrassed, for ordering this item from their menu:"A 'mid' course featuring the three pastas of the day may be added to each individual entrée for $9 (per person)".please note, there is nothing on the menu that forbids sharing of an expensive entree and side of pasta.so the lesson learned is: come to becco if you want to be lied to and embarrassed. we don't.sorry, joe. sorry, lydia. sorry, becco. your time came and went.
#REVIEW#Randomly picked this place when in the area. Not sure if it was because of the street fair, this place was really busy, full house on that Monday night. Food was not bad, service was good. Tables at the back are a bit tight and too close to one and other. Overall, okay experience.
#REVIEW#The food was as good as i had imagined in my dreams! The pasta was on point, the flavor, texture and presentation was phenomenal! We have tried many Italian restaurants, in the US, Italy, and other parts of Europe, and this was by far, our fav. We asked about Joe and one of the staff told us that he was there and will come and say hello. He was a no show. Also, our waiter didn't seem like he liked his job. No energy, no personality. We tried make small jokes with him but he wasn't having it. Joe B. seems to be A huge family-oriented man. We are too. We are a huge fan and have traveled from Texas to taste a little bit of Joe's world. While the food was out of this world, we weren't treated like family. Alas, it was the food that saved the day.  Perhaps "design thinking" should be adopted by restauranteurs? Once again, this is a MUST when visiting NYC!
#REVIEW#This is our 3 or 4 visit to Becco'sWe've never had a bad meal here. The Service is amazing from the moment you arrive. They serve you different types of breads with a white bean dip. We started off with Cesar salad which has anchovies in it & taste delicious. My husband favorite dish is the veal cutlet on the bone. I had a Bronzino special which was simply delicious. I would highly recommend Becco's & yes you should make
#REVIEW#I wanted to check this place out since I heard they were on the list for restaurant week. I came here for dinner expecting Becco it to be a pasta filled Italian restaurant - well do not expect that! They have a lot of delicious options on the many, however, very few of them are pasta. I have never been to an Italian place that only has 3 pasta dishes on the menu. Regardless my experience was still good! I started off with a glass of sav blanc and some delicious bread box. Their bread they give you right as you sit at the table is AMAZE! The bread sticks were my personal favorite. The bread is served with olives and an olive oil tomato hummus that was TO DIE FOR. Upon realizing this Italian place did not offer many pasta dishes, I searched for seafood or poultry options. I decided to go with the lamb for my meal. I also ordered the breaded shrimp with the spicy marinara sauce. I hate when restaurants list items as "spicy" and then when you eat it, it turns out to not be spicy at all - well this sauce was a pleasant surprise because it actually had a bit of a kick to it and it paired perfectly with the filet shrimp. I will definitely come back here after a great meal!
#REVIEW#Food was not that great, the pasta was very basic and didn't taste different than store bought. My friend had the parmigiana and it wasnt anything special either. The deals on wine for 33 dollars are great - that's why the 2 stars instead of 1. Overall it was mediocre to say the best. Also, restaurant was extremely noisy and service was a let down.
#REVIEW#Overhyped because of Lydia's name.  Most everyone ordered the pasta sampler.  Last night it was rigatoni's bolognese, spaghetti with red sauce, gnocchi in a Gorgonzola sauce.  I liked the rigatoni.  The spaghetti wasn't anything special.  The gnocchi were good but absent most of the night.Servers come by with each of the three different pastas.  Felt like we had to constantly flag them down and then they were a bit stingy with the gnocchi when they finally came.  It was annoying as was the snooty attitude of the hostess.  In NYC, there has to be better Italian and pasta options.  Would not return
#REVIEW#Love this place.  Been here twice and not disappointed.  I felt like sitting in the way back lost the atmosphere but te food didn't disappoint.  I got the fish soup.  My friend had the chicken.  We also got the meatball appetizer.  The fish soup is sooo crazy good.  Like another level.  It is not a real soup but it has this amazing liquid in it that is so delish.  The scallops were the best ever.  Shrimps were a little stringy!  The polenta tastes like heaven! The chicken was superb.  Didn't know chicken could taste so elegant!  Tastes great the next day too.  Meatball tastes just like grandma's!  We had a reservation for 10pm after the show.  Loved every minute of it!
#REVIEW#Came here with family of 6 post broadway show.Pros:-our server was attentive and friendly-manager was pretty theatrical which was fitting for broadway. Big Italian personality, friendly. Over the top presentation of drinks.Cons:-all you can eat pasta special: wasn't that excited with the description of "spaghetti with marinara" and it unfortunately wasn't anything exceptional. The servers made a big deal of presentation plating at table side however no one came over to offer us seconds for the "unlimited" portions. Also the 2 vegetarians in our group didn't receive one of their dishesOverall: for a pre/post broadway show restaurant, the place serves it purpose. Wasn't impressed enough to come back but if I did wouldn't necessarily get the "famous" all you can eat deal unless you just ran a marathon and need to carb load.
#REVIEW#We went there several times after going to Broadway.  It was good for the first few times. Lately it has gone downhill.  I hope one of my friends will not insist to come here again because this time, I will discourage them.   Good service overall but it needs improvement on taste.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite restaurants in the world!  Seriously.  Not kidding.  Approachable. Amazing food. Beautiful ambiance.  Outstanding service.  And, it's in a great area.Completely wonderful cuisine that is affordable (even the wine!!!) in NYC's theater district.  Caesar salad or antipasti with three different special pastas are toted around the dining room by an accomplished wait staff, constantly refilling guests' plates.  Oh, and the cost is under $22 at lunch and under $26 at dinner.  And the wine?  Many choices for $33 a bottle!  Yes, real wine - not stuff with a screw too, and many choices.  Now, if you don't want the chef's specials, don't worry, because the menu is outstanding!We went once for lunch and once for dinner while we were visiting NYC (yes, it's that good).  Lunch choices were rigatoni with a tomato sauce, fettuccine with fresh crab, and mushroom ravioli.  Oh my goodness!!!  Heaven!!!  We saved room for dessert (I don't know how), and it was the zabaglione with berries.  That dessert choice was over-the-top sweet, but I survived.When we returned for dinner (make a reservation, and the restaurant has a coat check), we were seated in a gorgeous room with an atrium ceiling.  Service was impeccable, of course.  The choices that evening was spaghetti arrabiata with fried spicy shrimp, asparagus ravioli, and fusilli primavera.  Not a huge fan of the fusilli, but the other two dishes made up for it.  Dessert?  Oh yes, as it was our last night in the city.  I went with the zabaglione again (thankfully not as sweet) and my husband had the gelati trio.  Simply amazing!!!!So, please try to go if you can.  A delightful hidden gem that is worth a trip to NYC!
#REVIEW#Our first trip to NYC and my wife only had one restaurant she wanted to visit: Becco.  She was very put off by the way the evening ending.  We had a reservation for 7 pm on a Friday night and it was needed due to how busy the place was.  We were greater and very promptly seated.  The tables are tight like many big city places so be ready to be close to your fellow diner.  We both started with a drink which were well made and came out quickly.  We both had the white bean soup which was 5 stars and should have ended the meal there.  Not because of the food though but rather the service.  I ordered the stuffed peppers and my wife ordered the meatballs and a side of vegetables. I also ordered the 3 pasta as an add on but never received them nor were they on my bill so I think that is an error on the waitresses part.  I was a bit disappointed because I wanted to try them but was full from all the other food.  The bread they brought out was disappointing from my perspective.  The soup was great but needed just a little more salt and pepper which were on the table including fresh cracked pepper.  The vegetables were just Luke work so we barely ate any.  Water service was okay but not stellar since by glass went empty a few times with waits between refills.  Besides not getting the pasta I ordered when the waitress came back around she asked if she could clear the table and we said okay.  She never asked if everything was okay or if we wanted the vegetables she just cleared it all away.  She never asked if we wanted to see a dessert menu either.  After sitting at the table for at least 5-10 minutes with not even any water, my wife asked the hostess if we could get our bill.  That took a long time as well and when we finally got up to leave my wife mentioned to someone that we were not even asked about dessert which the waitress overheard and decided she needed to shout back that was because of the hostess telling her we wanted our bill.  We never would have asked for the bill if we didn't feel forgotten.  Plus the waitress had the chance to ask us when she was clearing the table but never did.  I know it's a tough job, and maybe they are understaffed, but no comment needed to be said since no explanation was asked for.  Plus  the 18% tip was already left.
#REVIEW#The food and vibe were super good, wait staff was fast and sweet! Really enjoyed every dish you can tell they put a lot of thought into their recipes, everyone left full and happy :)
#REVIEW#Clearly a popular Italian restaurant in the city. Their signature is a $25 AYCE pasta dinner, which is what a lot of customers ordered. The night we went, they had pumpkin ravioli, pesto and penne vodka with shrimp. You can start with either a Caesar or seafood/veggie salad. The salmon dish could have come with a side of rice or pasta to make it complete in my opinion.We had a large party, but the service was very attentive. We did have to wait 15/20 min to be seated because it was SO crowded (like I was practically on someone's lap at the bar while waiting for our table), but they sent out two apps on the house, which made it right.
#REVIEW#This place is a step below Olive Garden with subpar service. It's honestly a great venue and a relatively clean restaurant but to have the audacity to be an Italian restaurant in New York City and not make a descent meal is beyond me. I was utterly disappointed I even had to make reservations to come here or that they have the audacity to have people call in to eat here. The spaghetti tasted like chef boyardee and it got cold fast which is usually indicative of it not being fresh that day and had been sitting out. Again if I'm not clear don't go here it's terrible.
#REVIEW#Becco's is the restaurant for those with a gourmet palette. The appetizers of stuffed mushrooms, eggplant Rollatini, and stuffed clams was pure delight. I skipped their famous homemade pasta, and had one of the best white fish dishes ever! Will definitely return.
#REVIEW#My husband favorite place when we are in town He love the pasta the signature three passes of the day with a salad can't beat it and he loves every bit of itI had salmon and they do a very good job on salmon Had  bottle of wine $33 good value Waiter was very good at service and get us out on time fore theater Always crowded and I understand why this is a place you shouldn't miss in New York City
