#NAME#The Grey Dog
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-grey-dog-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#breakfast_brunch,tradamerican,salad#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Ok I just have to say I'm now OBSESSED with this restaurant! This was my first time eating at a Grey Dog and I'm already now a 100% loyal fan. I loved it so much I found myself comparing all my other meals in the city to it. Food- the salmon toast... omg there are no words. It's a massive piece of toast loaded with cream cheese (in a good way) and then loaded with salmon and topped with other goodies. I got a side salad instead of fries but was too full to eat it. My dad got the fish tacos and said they were pretty good. If you choose to go with fries, you can do normal or sweet potato. They have lots of gourmet coffee options, I got a matcha latte. Next time I want to try the turmeric latte. Dessert- the chocolate chip cookie was huge and very crispy (maybe a little too crispy) but was loaded with gooey chocolate chips. My dad got the matcha brownie (interesting combo haha... I don't think he knew what he was getting himself into). The overall vibes are just so on point! Love love love
#REVIEW#The Breakfast Bowl was OK. Everything in the bowl but the blacks beans were good, because the beans were very salty. The portion of beans was also larger than the quinoa, squash, etc., so the salt content was overpowering, and in the end, I had a lot of the beans left over. My friend ordered an Avocado Toast, and she said that was good though. I would not come here for a weekend brunch/lunch, because it was crowded, loud, and felt unorganized, especially since you order first and then pick a table. Although there was a line when we came in, the line moved quickly and we were able to find an empty table within seconds. However, I think I just prefer something a bit less hectic. My friend who came during weekdays said it was not too crowded.
#REVIEW#We had so much fun here! I am such an animal love that I just couldn't help myself!!!  with this being our first time here.... It helps to know (now) that when you walk in, go to the right and stand in line to place your order. After you order, they'll give you your drinks and you find a table. When your food is ready they will call your name and bring it to your table. We ordered the Ahi (tuna) taco's and seared tuna salad. Everything tasted good, but I think I should have gone with my (gut) and had the French toast!  I saw that they had pancakes in the shape of dog bones on the menu! I'm getting that next time too! It is a little loud but we could still hear each other so no biggie. They are open to all types as we had a grouchy weird guy sit next to us ‍ We still had a good time.
#REVIEW#Grey dog is a reliable brunch spot with a wide range of breakfast/brunch/ lunch/ options with reasonable prices. Although it's not amazing, I think it definitely satisfies my craving for brunch food. At this location, they find you a table but you have to order first at the counter before you sit down. Last time I came here I got their breakfast bowl (not pictured) which was yummy. This time I got their seared tuna salad which was delicious but I wish they gave more greens than rice that were underneath the salad. I also tried the tuna melt which was also pretty decent!!
#REVIEW#Cool spot in Chelsea. Order and the counter and have a seat - they'll bring you your order. A good amount of space to sit with a rustic feel, and super friendly! Recommend!
#REVIEW#The Grey Dog is a fantastic brunch spot in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York City. It had everything that my friends and I were looking for: a fun atmosphere, short lines, and delicious brunch meals. We had an excellent time there, and I'd recommend this place for anyone looking for a good brunch spot. My three friends and I arrived during peak brunch time to find a line of less than 20 minutes. The Grey Dog is unique in that you have to get in line to order at the cashier before you get seated to a table. We got our table and ordered at the front within 20 minutes, and the food was delivered to us in the next 10 minutes. All throughout, the waiters and busboys were all smiling and happy to help! The breakfast platters give you the flexibility to get a variety of brunch items, for a decent price in NY. And the best part is the the coffee is unlimited refills! For a coffee addict like myself, this perk really helped out. My friends and I all tried different things off the menu, and we were all happy with our food. There aren't many areas that you can go wrong here. It was a great time, with great background music and a lively atmosphere. The Grey Dog is one of the cuter brunch places, and I'd definitely come back in the future!
#REVIEW#Have heard such great things about this place and finally popped in for dinner. They had so many amazing options, and I LOVED seeing that they had cauliflower rice. It's a big moment for cauliflower right now and I'm here for it. I ordered the cauliflower rice w chicken and it was DELICIOUS. Everything I could have hoped for and more. The restaurant was so cute and my friend and I loved the playlist/atmosphere. The service was impeccable as well!!And of course, LOVED the pride flags everywhere!
#REVIEW#NO NO NO. DO NOT GO HERE. I have been to the Grey Dog once before and it was so much better. The service is horrible to say the least, the food is ok but I have tried better for cheaper price and the coffee is just yuck - burnt, watery.
#REVIEW#UPDATE: they allow fairly small, obedient dogs inside (no lickin' the plates!) which is a total joy. There's nothing like eating a divine avocado and fried egg toast or a delicious bowl of chicken meatball soup with a huge mug of latte next to my boy Gerbert. Big shoutout to Blayne who was so warm and kind as he served my omelette, and had great menu recommendations. This place is my go-to for a casual meeting with someone midday, when it's pretty empty: it's intimate yet relaxed and you can order an iced tea and just hang for a bit and they don't bother you. Otherwise, The food is nothing special - pretty basic American meals that range from a Caesar salad or fish tacos to pancakes and bacon and eggs.
#REVIEW#Wish I could give this place six stars!  Amazing food, excellent service, quaint location.  Had brunch before hitting the galleries in Chelsea.  Be sure to order first, then find a cosy nook with a table.  Their dog theme also extended to their pancakes and cappucino!  Worth an extra stop if in NYC.
#REVIEW#The Grey Dog is probably my favorite place to eat. Be it for breakfast/brunch, lunch or dinner, it's always a great time. The food is wonderful, and I especially enjoy their breakfast menu and coffee. It's also such a nice place to sit and chat with a friend or SO. The best!
#REVIEW#Upon walking in I was greeted by a member of the staff who was extremely friendly. I was meeting a friend who had gotten there before me and he helped me find where she was sitting. You order at the counter but they serve the food to you at your seat. The food itself was good - not amazing, but good. I got the Challah French Toast which was okay. A bit on the dryer side but it was paired with a berry butter and warm syrup. The berry butter was interesting. It's creamy and buttery but there's a berry taste to it which personally throws me off but it was cool to try. I give it 5 stars because the service was great but the food itself was just okay.
#REVIEW#This place is dog friendly! Although not officially, they won't say anything if you bring a well behaved dog. I've been here twice because there's not so many dog friendly places nearby.  First time, I tried the seared tuna tacos, they were just alright. Second time, I was blown away by the bacon guacamole grilled cheese. I definitely recommend that or the grey dog breakfast (has a little bit of everything). Make sure to order at the counter and then find your seating with your designated bandana.
#REVIEW#I gave this location another chance after having regular excellent experiences at the Mulberry street location.What can I say... Nothing but amazing!Always give 'em a second chance: even Darth Vader found redemption :)The staff's always been super nice, they've told me when the kitchen's open, coffee's been great, they give me the often-neglected end of the GF zucchini loaf, the seating is cozy...When I have a work day that promises to be a challenge, I try to go here for breakfast and it always sets my mood back on a better course!
#REVIEW#What a cute and homey spot to grab a bite! Menu options are great for lunch and dinner. You get in line to order what you want and the server will reserve a table for you and bring the food out to you! So it has the vibes of fast casual, but also still a sit down restaurant.I got the egg and cheese croissant with sausage and my boyfriend got the grey dog breakfast. The egg and cheese croissant was pretty good. The sausage wasn't anything special, but wow those eggs were super fluffy and very deliciously cheesy! The brunch potatoes were really good too. The grey dog breakfast has great variation. The raspberry butter sauce they give on the side was phenomenal though! Went great with the French toast. I'll definitely be back to try the rest of the extensive menu!
#REVIEW#3rd time customer - Will probably never go back. During my lunch break, I ordered the turkey and brie sandwich on multigrain, and a side salad. After 20 min - an avocado toast appeared! Instead of expediting my correct order, the kitchen continued to fire out every order that was placed after mine for the next 20 minutes until I stood up and told them to make it to-go since my break was over. I was offered a full refund and a cookie... A solid customer-service gesture, if only the sandwich could have been enjoyable. The bread is dry and overdone, the slabs of turkey stacked only in the middle, and overall it lacked flavor other than the overwhelming announcement in each bite by the brie. The only real winner here was the tart granny smith apple slices in between that complimented the turkey nicely.I've also had weekend brunch here twice and both times the food was very subpar. The burger seemed to be lacking any distinct flavor profile - I honestly think a big mac tastes better. And the club sandwich is bland, and the ciabatta bread is, again, dry. These guys really need to step up their bread game with the number of sandwich options on the menu.I understand how the casual environment and old school West Village/Chelsea vibes sway people's perception of this restaurant, but the food is simply basic. You're better off ordering the same sandwiches at Whole Foods for better taste and fresher bread.
#REVIEW#Phenomenal cafe in Chelsea, highly recommend to everyone. Tucked away on a residential street, appearing to be rather innocuous, you enter the Grey Dog and find yourself immersed in a massive hotbed for delicious food, and warm pleasantries. The queue management system here is phenomenal, ensuring you don't spend too much time waiting for your food, or a table. The line can get lengthy (and they don't take reservations), but fear not, as they cycle people in-and-out fairly quickly.They have a great blend of breakfast and lunch foods, as well as an assortment of juices, teas, and coffees. Best of all, the staff were all extremely friendly and accommodative during our visit. I would highly recommend for a lowkey (less boozy) brunch with friends, a date, catching up with friends, or visiting with the parents. Kid-friendly establishment as well, with reasonable prices (total under $30), and no formal dress code. 5/5, will be back soon!
#REVIEW#Got the avocado toast with poached eggs instead of a fried egg. Love the atmosphere of this place and service was really great! Only thing is that the bread was really soggy for some reason, so it's not the best avocado toast. But everything else here looks good so I would recommend trying something else:)
#REVIEW#Great place for casual brunch. It's not the most trendy or grammable but it's a super friendly, down-to-earth kind of place with awesome food. We ordered the french toast, poached egg and avocado salad, classic omelette, and the mac and cheese, and they were all very good! Especially the mac - do yourselves a favor and order it to share because it's as awesome and cheesy of a brunch dish as you could want. PLUS it comes with a side of "cute salad" but you can upgrade that to sweet potato fries, which we naturally did and no regrets were had whatsoever.I'm basically just outing myself as a basic brunch bitch but the moment I saw they served a peach frozé I knew I had to order it. It was actually stronger than expected (awesome), came with frozen blueberries on top (awesome), served to me by a happy staff member with the most adorable dimpled smile (awesome), and most of all tasted great (so awesome). I'm going to stop writing this review now before it falls further into the deplorable depths of basicness, but take my word for it, Grey Dog is an all around winner for a solid brunch.
#REVIEW#Such a cute little neighborhood spot for breakfast or lunch. Came here after walking The Highline on a friend's recommendation. You order at the counter (there was no line when we got there!) and then they bring your food out to you once it's ready. I had the bacon and avocado grilled cheese, which sounds kind of basic but it really wasn't-it was amazing. Avocado, bacon, cheddar, mozzarella all on perfectly toasted sourdough bread (the obvious best choice for grilled cheese;). Sandwich came with fries and was a nice sized portion and good value for the price. Everyone I was with loved their food. The atmosphere is super cute inside and has a neighborhood-y feel. Service was excellent as well!
