#NAME#Blue Ribbon Sushi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-ribbon-sushi-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,japanese#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Best sushi I've had in Manhattan  hands down! The rolls are huge and the service is friendly and quick, even though I did come around 2pm where it was probably slower.I had the Dragon Roll, the Ebi Tempura Roll, and the Sake Kawa (salmon skin) roll. Very satisfied, I'm not surprised of its praise. Be aware that this place probably gets packed and quickly. Will come back again for sure!!!**Only thing I will note is that the menu is a tiny bit overpriced, but also worth it**
#REVIEW#In my opinion it is a littttttle overpriced but the food is DELICIOUS! Fresh sushi + yummy appetizers. I have had similar quality for $$ (instead of $$$) in Manhattan. The inside is SLIGHTLY too dark. I like to have a little more lighting so I can see my food + friend I'm eating with.
#REVIEW#Cons: 1) salmon is tasteless and didn't look fresh; 2) long time preparing the food even with a few customers in the restaurant; 3) for this quality of food is too expensive!Pros: 1) very nice decoration and style of the restaurant; 2) like the vibe there; 3) like that's kind of hidden place
#REVIEW#Big fan of all Blue Ribbon locations in New York City. I think it's great that they are open late until 2AM during the week and weekends, except Sunday's. Love the spicy scallop roll and everything else they have.
#REVIEW#Despite working in the area for almost 5 years and walking by Blue Ribbon Sushi numerous times, I have never eaten there! On a rainy Friday, a coworker and I decided that we should change that. After looking at the menu, we opted to split two platters.First to arrive was the Maki Combo #3 Platter with Salmon Skin, Fresh Water Eel, and Spicy Scallop maki rolls. I think the spicy scallop roll was my favorite, followed by the fresh water eel. Our other platter was the Temaki Honnin, or traditional home-style hand rolls. The Temaki Honnin Platter features 2 pieces each of Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail, White Fish, and Silver Skin Fish. This was so much fun! You build the hand rolls yourself, hand making them at your own pace. Service was impeccable and they filled up by the time we left. I don't believe they take reservations, so make sure you arrive early!
#REVIEW#I came here after seeing the great reviews but honestly left really disappointed. The sushi is okay at most. For the prices they are charging, the fish does not taste fresh. I wish I had gone elsewhere to have lunch. With one entree and a tiny roll, my total was over $60 for lunch! I could have had a Nozawa Trust Me at Sugarfish instead for this price, which would have been a lot more food and better tasting fish as well. Hatsuhana in midtown is really good and similar in price. I still can't believe how much the sushi I ordered was for this quality. I'm willing to spend the $$$ but the food needs to be top quality.
#REVIEW#This was an impromptu choice after a date night at the Color Factory. My boyfriend's not normally a sushi guy, but I hadn't had Japanese in a while, so Blue Ribbon it was.The restaurant's front entrance is very non-descript; so much so that you may actually miss it, just like we did. Nonetheless, we were served a table pretty quickly without needing a reservation (7:30 in New York is like 5:30 anywhere else). The decor and ambiance is VERY intimate and dark despite it being solidly packed, so right off the bat, I knew that this was a perfect date-night spot. Moreover, almost immediately I could capture the smell of VERY fresh fish being sliced, so I knew that this was the real deal. We were given a table in the back and went about ordering food and drinks. For drinks, my boyfriend went with a Japanese IPA, I went with the Pinot Noir. Both were delicious (and my wine was given a VERY generous pour ;) ). Food-wise, this place is NOT cheap, but I can confidently say that it was worth every penny. We ended up ordering edamame (kuro-style, with extra seasoning), as well as the sushi deluxe combo with a California roll. Service was slow, but nothing beyond the normal dinner rush.The edamame itself was fine. Not too salty or too bland, with the right amount of chewiness. We could've polished off the entire bowl if we could, but it was sushi time.The sushi deluxe consisted of the following pieces of fish: tuna belly, bluefin tuna, yellowtail, salmon, red snapper, horse mackerel, albacore, scallop, shrimp, and eel. My boyfriend and I split the eel and the mackerel, but then pick and chose. He took the albacore, tuna belly, salmon, and red snapper, while I took the tuna, yellow tail, scallop and shrimp. My boyfriend took a risk with the mackerel and the eel, trying both for the first time. He didn't love either one, but not because it wasn't good, more so personal tastes. He did, however, enjoy everything else he ate. I on the other hand, LOVED EVERYTHING! The fish was so fresh and tasted like it came straight out of the ocean. I loved every bite and just wished the platter would replenish itself. We both also loved the California roll, which, despite its simplicity and ubiquitousness, tasted unlike any other California roll I've had. Overall, I loved Blue Ribbon and would definitely come back. Come for an impromptu date, but be sure to bring your wallet!
#REVIEW#This was my favorite go to place when I used live in Manhattan before. I've been this place serval times but I haven't been this place for few year since when I moved other city. Food(3/5)-stopped by quick lunch with a friend. We went to soho for shopping and I took my friend this place. I strongly recommend this place to my friend but we're a bit disappointed this time. We ordered eel sushi, egg sushi, uni sushi, octopus sushi, miso soup, negimaki, spicy blue crab roll. Everything tasted just ok but not the best. Negimaki was too salty for us. But miso soup was amazing and you can add miso by yourself so it would better you can customize your miso soup if you don't like too strong taste of miso. Service(3/5)-There's not busy time when we went to there but our waitress served little slow and a bit annoyed from that. She was kindly. Ambience(3/5)-Morden place but very tight seating. Probably you feel like little uncomfortable when you seat there but it isn't bother for eat. I personally thought Columbia circle location is better than this location.
#REVIEW#Well, the old adage, "You get what you pay for" sums this place up perfectly. Yes, it's expensive, very expensive, even by NYC standards, but the food is exceptional, as is the service. What I really like about Blue Ribbon is the relaxed feel about the place, the friendly servers who actually interact with you and help make your visit an enjoyable one. They take the time to explain the specials, and tell you about the qualities of the fish, as well as the differences in the Sakés. It's a also a great Sushi restaurant to bring your out of town friends to impress them with the incredible quality of fish you can find in New York City! And the have alot beyond fish, the beef is out of this world, too!Be aware, this place is BUSY, so prepare to wait. But it'll be totally worth it! And get a booth.I don't come here often, but when I do, I know it's going to be an exceptional experience!
#REVIEW#Thoroughly enjoyed Valentine's Day dinner with my galfriend. Everything about our evening was magical. From the wine to the food to the ambiance, something about this place temporarily assuages any worries  I may have had for the day. What I recommend:- Ask to try the various wine. Order a bottle of wine.- Tempura: Light and crisp-  Sashimi and handroll combo: The experience was delightful (making my own handrolls was so satisfying)Would I return? Most definitely.
#REVIEW#This place is amazing. Some of the freshest Sushi I've had in NYC. It's a bit pricey but the casual yet classy atmosphere of the place coupled with the savory sushi makes it worth it. There will most likely be a wait since they don't take reservations. Plan on it being 30mins to an hour on non-peak days and 45min-90mins on the peaks. But don't worry about the wait! You're in SoHo! Just walk around and shop or enjoy the beautiful area till you're called to return.
#REVIEW#Great Japanese spot in soho. Went here with a friend for some lateish dinner, took a while to get our table but that can happen.  Had the edamame and miso soup to start with the opportunity to add your own miso paste as you see fit, which I liked. Ordered the shrimp popcorn which was awesome, and had the sublime tasty lobster addition, it is sitting in the middle of both photos. Like a lobster roll that comes with this beautiful miso butter. Sashimi was very good without blowing my mind. Sushi similar. Would absolutely go again. Service very attentive and reasonably priced!Food 4.5/5Price 4/5Service 4.5/5Ambiance 4/5
#REVIEW#A tucked away gem. Beautiful, cozy & intimate atmosphere. No reserve, but seated fairly quickly around 7pm on a Thursday. Menu full of decadent & colorful choices. Delicious all around. Will definitely highlight this as a top favorite in the area.
#REVIEW#For late night sushi, this is easily one of the very best around.It's dimly lit and more than a bit cramped inside-- if you're sitting at the bar, don't get your elbows bumped!-- with a high sushi bar where you have to look up at the chef.The sushi is delicious, as it should be for the price. The seasonal menu is worth the trouble and worth the cost, from two kinds of toro and two kinds of uni to sea bream and the botan ebi (live sweet shrimp). Yellowtail, sea trout, and aji, they were all delicious.What really does hold it back from a 5* rating is the price. While high-end sushi is never cheap, they DO have a regular menu in addition to the seasonal one that is much more reasonable... which unfortunately will have to wait for a return visit to get evaluated. (need more stomach space!)Until then, 4* feels like a fair rating.
#REVIEW#Every thing we ordered was fresh and presented well, it was like you were in Japan. This location is hard to spot Z there are no visible signs and you walk down into the restaurant. We were greeted by the host and chefs as we were walked to our table, luckily we were able to get the last open spot at 2pm, call ahead of time to reserve if you're planning for lunch or dinner. We ordered the nigiri combos our favorites being the salmon and hamachi. They have daily specials and I highly recommend the chutoro and otoro so buttery! The vegetable tempura was amazing and had a light coat batter just as tempura should be prepared with a seasonal offering of pumpkin, shisho leaf, mushrooms, and okra. We ended our meal with the green tea creme brûlée
#REVIEW#You can taste the ocean it's so fresh. Good location in Soho. Beautiful presentation of food. Rolls, sushi's are amazing. Super fresh. Had the aji which they deep fried after. Exceptional. Few rolls (salmon/salmon skin) and several sushi's. Nice atmosphere. Clean and modern while still authentic to its cuisine. Reasonably priced. Attentive service, comfortable seating, great saki choices.
#REVIEW#Sushi at Blue Ribbon Sushi is overpriced and mediocre.This is a chain restaurant with many locations in NYC. I came to the Soho location for lunch on a weekday and it was pretty empty. I got the sushi deluxe which has seven pieces of nigiri and a maki. The sushi didn't taste very fresh and was a little chewy. The rice also lacked seasoning. I also got the Hokkaido uni sushi, which was pretty good but also costed me $12 for a piece!There are tons of other sushi spots in NYC with better quality and value to choose from so I probably won't be back.
#REVIEW#I hear this is where sushi chefs come to eat after work. Makes sense since this place is open late. Came here with two friends. They only seat complete parties, which was fine since there's an adequate seating area and drinks are available to order while you wait. I typically like to sit at the sushi bar, but since there was 3 of us, the table made more sense. I ordered the regular sashimi platter (around $35) and some sake. Everything was fresh and the service was great.I would check it out again for late night eats if I'min the area.
#REVIEW#Love love this place, always fresh and delicious. Not on the cheap scale but worth every dollar! One of my fav sushi places. If u love sushi and know the difference, you will not be disappointed!
#REVIEW#We got into New York past midnight, found this place open at 1am on Yelp and decided to give it a go based on reviews.The service here was superb. Everyone was nice, attentive, kept our table clean, and checked in throughout our meal. We ordered the ebi tempura roll, honoo platter, miso soup, and mochi ice cream dessert.They serve the soybean paste on the side for the miso soup so that customers can tailor it to their tastebuds. I thought this was nice. I threw the whole side of it in and was happy with my miso soup lolThe honoo platter was so good. It was all spicy and the fish was fresh and the spicy sauce did not overpower the taste of the fish. The portion at first looks small, but the amount of food we ordered was perfect for me and my husband to thoroughly enjoy all the sushi. I highly recommend this to all my spicy lovers. Overall, sushi was great (a little overpriced and smaller) but I'd come back if I'm in the area.***Another note, their mochi ice cream (comes with green tea, red bean, and chocolate flavors) was BOMB! It was nice of them to split each mochi so me and my husband didn't have to. Great end to our meal.
