#NAME#Her Name Is Han
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/her-name-is-han-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,breakfast_brunch,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Out of all of the Korean restaurants in the K-Town areas, Her Name is Han has to be one of my new favorites! I ordered the  Grilled Hokke ($16) and was impressed at how delicious everything was. The fish was grilled perfectly and was simply tasty with all of the side dishes complementing it. Make sure to check out the times Her Name is Han is open because there are specific times it opens/closes! The servers were nice and explained all of the side dishes to us. The place was busy but we were seated right when we walked in.
#REVIEW#Nice aesthetic, decent food, but overrated overall.If you are a huge Instagram foodie, then this place for you. As for value or taste, Her Name Is Han ranks on the lower end of what K-town NYC has to offer.The interior is beautiful, I cannot overstate that, and the food looks great and my pictures can hardly do them justice, but the flavor and offerings were sacrificed for the appearance and aesthetic, and I think that's where Her Name Is Han truly lost the war.I came here for brunch (tip to anyone who wants to dine here: make a reservation!), and while I was definitely impressed upon my smooth and friendly welcome and entry into this wonderful-looking restaurant, that's about where the good ended.The menu was rather limited, and while it promised myriad different flavors or offerings, they were more unique and exotic than delicious. From the Tuna Tataki Rice Bowl to the Fish & Chips (with their own unique spin on this classic), there really isn't much to say about how these tasted other than that they were mediocre. Each bite did bring something a little different, and in that way, it was a good learning experience for my palate, but other than that, nothing that was truly inspiring or gratifying.The decorations along the walls was definitely a sight to see, but the experience of actually dining here was less enjoyable. The tables are stacked upon one another so that it is difficult to get out of your chair without poking your neighbor, and I found myself constantly being jostled by waiters trying to make their way through the aisles. That isn't to say the service was bad, they were definitely quite attentive, but the lack of free real estate really made it difficult to enjoy my meal in peace.Her Name Is Han wins style points in my book, but the food still has a long way to come. For you foodies out there, this is a great stop along your NYC trek, but worth little more than an Instagram post.
#REVIEW#Went a few days ago and was very happy with our meal!Food: 4/5 - got a few cocktails, their signature lychee one and then the mojito - both delicious. The jalapeno based drink was also great!- the little dishes they bring out before the meal were so yummy - they gave us homemade kimchi, shrimp ceviche, and what I think was some sort of dried spicy squid/octopus thing. All of it was delicious!- dumplings - definitely recommend- pancake with an egg, delicious though dumplings was my favorite appetizer- stew pot with spam, ham, ramen, beans, kimchi, rice cake, etc. - v good and huge portion size, plenty for 2 people- we got a meat dish but don't remember which one - it was good though!If I were to redo it, I'd probably just get the dumplings and then one of the stew pots - plenty for 2 people.Service: 5/5- service was extremely fastAtmosphere: 5/5 - very cute and cozy- bonus points for a really, really random local Hawaiian song playing! (I'm biased)
#REVIEW#Her Name Is Han is a small, trendy and bustling restaurant with a nice combo of 'traditional', 'accessible' Korean dishes like bibimbap, scallion pancakes and fried rice dishes, plus some different more unique options like stews, roasted meats and interesting desserts. I liked my meal there and would recommend it as a place of good value with options for all comfort levels.I was with a group of 3 others, 2 of whom ordered bibimbap and described it as 'average' and 1 who ordered chicken fried rice, and loved it. But they were all admittedly not very adventurous eaters and wanted an experience similar to other Korean meals they had had before. We also shared a couple appetizers - the topping tofu, which had a very tasty sauce, and the scallion pancake, which was actually one of the best preparations I have ever eaten - tasty but not too salty, light, crispy with depth. My specific dinner was the cod steak with creamy kimchi dijon mustard sauce, served with small mushrooms (like enoki but a bit larger) and beet chips. The dish was delicious, but to me, more hipster than ethnic. The fish was a beautiful thick filet/ steak, perfectly roasted with a nice crust. The sauce was flavorful and creamy (though I did not detect a single ounce of kimchi spice or funk). The mushrooms, which were not noted in the menu photo nor dish description, were a very complimentary part of the overall taste. The beet chips were meh. I liked the atmosphere of the place and the service was good; I think this would be a great place for a date night or more intimate experience, and I thought the food quality for the price was great.
#REVIEW#What a nice discovery I had!  Clean and well executed Asian fare (Korean style) like a bento box.  Best of all, it is so affordable!  Why have the usual sandwich or panini when you can have more vegetables and less carb for your meal.I love their corn croquette and their assorted little plates or bowls that come with your choice of main meal.  It is not quite as spicy and complex as the other Korean restaurants.  The pickles are milder and simpler.  If I lived next door to this, I will have every item each day.  I will never have to cook a meal at this price!!I certainly would like to go back and try more items in their menu.This makes a good brunch on weekends as well.  Oops! Why did I say that.  I may start standing in a long line after this.Tonight - we returned for dinner instead of lunch.  My favorite was the sesame ice cream on top of crumbled green tea cookie or was it biscuit?  It had pieces of freeze dried (I think) strawberries.We had the pork belly which was very tender.  But I was not keen to any of the sauces.  I preferred eating it with the kimchee or the beet pickles.  Maybe there should be a sauce that was more like the pickled beets as dip.The octopus was very good.  Yes - I recommend that.The fried veggie is okay but again should have had a different sauce to dip it in.
#REVIEW#I really do miss good Korean food, especially coming from Atlanta where the korean population is huge and also only living about 15min from the ATL "K-town".  I will have to say, while it is insanely cheaper down there, it is also consistently good.  Thankfully, I have a few korean friends here in Manhattan who can vouch for a few places including Her Name Is Han.  We came here for their bossam as it is what this place is known for.  Bossam is not easy to do well, and it's also somewhat of a specialty.  Comprised of pork belly slices (not grilled) and then basically wrapped in napa cabbage along with various types of kimchi or vegetables, it's relatively healthy.Pork Belly BossamPROS:- good assortment of banchan (small side dishes)- nice atmosphere: very cosy like most New York restaurants, but the deco is very soothing to eat in.  - nice pairing of the pickles with the pork belly: I particularly enjoyed the three different sauces that it came withCONS:- would like a little more stuff to go with the meat.  Then again, I am comparing this with ATL and LA where the korean food has an outstanding reputation as well as a higher amount of competition.  Black Sesame Ice-cream (because we had to get dessert)PROS:- plating was super pretty.  I don't usually comment on this even though it's an important part of the dining (and cooking) experience, but this one was just super gorgeous to look at- good quantity, we definitely were able to share it amongst the three of us.CONS:- freeze-dried strawberries (I believe that is what it is).  For some reason, I would rather prefer fresh strawberries.  The texture was slightly odd because they were crunchy and didn't quite go with the softness of the ice-creamIt's nice to come back here once in awhile.  I don't know if it's somewhere I would frequent once a week or once every two weeks, but it wasn't a ridiculously horrible experience.  It definitely beats having to trek out to Fort Lee for Korean food although I hear it's worth the trip.  One thing I will have to say is that I do wish that the wait wasn't so long sometimes.  I realize that just comes with the territory of having a super small establishment due to the space limitations of New York city, but I suppose you get what you pay in line for?
#REVIEW#Fact: HNIH is one of the hottest, trendiest restaurants in Koreatown these days, often with a waiting list for a reservation (it's nearly impossible to get in without one) and a line out the door of people hoping a table will open up. Fact: I'm not sure I entirely understand the reason why the first fact is true. If I could, this would probably be a three and a half star review.There's nothing necessarily wrong with HINH. We had a lovely time. The service is good, and very attentive in that Korean restaurant kind of way; meaning that they are very focused on executing the job, with rarely any kind of personal interaction or pleasantries. But, they do it well. The restaurant itself is very welcoming and light colored, making it feel airy and spacious, despite being relatively narrow dining rooms. It didn't feel narrow at all. Our biggest let down (and it was a big let down because this had been on our must try list for a couple of months) is that there was nothing particularly revolutionary or exciting about the food. This could have been any other of a number of faceless restaurants offering okay Korean tapas. Han just does it a little pricier, but not much creativity or appeal.In writing our reviews, Jayson had to ask me twice what we ate, and I just peaked at my pictures to give me a jolt. And, that's never a good sign. You always remember a really great dish at a really great place, or even a really bad one at a bad place. That says a lot. The meal started with a platter of complimentary pickled items: Kimchi, pickled cucumbers (which Jayson LOVED), cauliflower (which I LOVED) and a fish that was kind of not very fish. It was a friend something or other. We started with the boiled dumplings with pork, Napa cabbage, nira and tofu. They are more of a Jayson thing. He liked them. I had the lightly charred baby octopus with soy and apple-vinegar sauce. I loved it. Mix charred octopus done right, marinated in soy sauce, and I'm a quiver. It was absolutely delicious and perfect. Apparently they still had their heads on, which freaked Jayson out. I was unaware of that until I read his review. Now, it's freaking me out a little.We were not crazy about the slow cooked pork belly with kimchi and berry wine sauce, jalapeño soybean paste, assorted homage pickles and bossam kimchi. I was expecting to love it. Fortunately, the manager Won noticed that and check in on us about it. That was impressive.Jayson ordered the Korean style crispy pancake with shrimp and hot peppers. I mean, it's a Korean pancake with shrimp. Can't go wrong there.Overall, it was a big miss for us. And, we're not likely to try it again, when we can just go up the street to any number of similar type places.
#REVIEW#Amazing food! Came here at 1:30 on a Sunday for brunch. I ordered the grilled mackerel and my friend ordered the beef bulgolgi. We started with a 3 piece dumpling appetizer.I love the healthy options available - our side dishes included salad, hard boiled egg, rice, kimchi, tomato, spinach, etc. Service was attentive and environment was clean and enjoyable. Definitey recommend!
#REVIEW#We have been trying to get into Her Name Is Han for months but the reservations were always booked. And walking by there was always a long line. But we finally got a table. Walking in it's a interesting place. They have farm tables with classic music playing. Almost elevator type music. It made the ambiance elegant with the farm theme. Interesting. They come over and ask if you want still or sparkling water. I choose sparkling and they told us that there was a charge for it. I found that to be valuable as some places we have been to lately charge you without the knowledge. Being that it's a Korean tapas style menu we ordered a few items:Boiled dumplings with pork, Napa cabbage, nira and tofu $8Lightly charred baby octopus with soy and apple-vinegar sauce $14Slow-cooked pork belly with kimchi and berry wine sauce, jalapeño soybean paste, assorted homage pickles and bossam kimchi.  $15Korean style crispy pancake with shrimp and hot peppers $14After you order they bring over a couple of pickled items as a complimentary starter. Kimchi, pickled cucumbers (amazing), cauliflower and a fish that was a beef jerky looking texture (I do not like fish so I didn't try it).The dumplings on paper sounded like an interesting flavor profile. But when I bit into it honestly I tasted none of the ingredients that was on the menu. I was pretty disappointed for that one. The baby octopus was interesting. The sauce was sweet and smoky. The only thing is that we wanted the octopus and calamari. We ordered the wrong dish by accident. But we decided to try this out. Another small issue that I had (and this could just be me) the babies still had their heads attached. The shrimp pancake was delicious. I put some of the pickled jalapeño sauce on it to give it an extra kick. It was really greasy which is a usual for a scallion pancake. It also came with a soy sauce of sorts.  Honestly I didn't see the what the big hype is over this place. The ambiance and service was far better than the cuisine. Will I go back? Eh.
#REVIEW#3.5 stars. Her Name is Han has been on my hit list for at least a year so I jumped at the opportunity to go when my dad mentioned he wanted to eat Korean food. I was able to get a last minute reservation here for 5:30pm on a Monday. Despite it being chilly, the waitstaff did not let anyone into the restaurant until 5:34pm. I stood outside and watched them smoke before their shift started.When we were let into the restaurant, we were greeted by a modern Asian cafe esthetic. My family decided to order the kimchi pancake with egg, fire grilled bulgogi, spicy pork and the short rib stew with root vegetables. The fire grilled bulgogi was the best of the bunch but a bit more on the sweet side for my group. Spicy pork lacked spiciness... to the point that we debated asking for more spicy sauce but decided to eat as is. The kimchi pancake was fine but far from the best one that I had. The meat on the short rib stew with root vegetables (galbi jjim) was very tough and difficult to eat which leads me to believe it wasn't cooked quite long enough. I found it to be a little sweet for my tastes as well. My recommendation is walk a few blocks and eat this dish at Cho Dang Gol instead.We also at the end ordered the caramelized ginger plantain dessert which was underwhelming. The plantain wasn't cooked well enough and was hard. This dessert is a solid pass in my opinion. I hope their other desserts are better.I regretted not getting the soups here because they looked good but I was a bit underwhelmed by the dishes we got so I don't think I will be back to try anything here again.
#REVIEW#Loved this place! Went on a Sunday night with a party of 4 around 7pm and it was about a 20-30 min wait.Definitely order the cocktails. They were fantastic. Especially loved the pomegranate sangria and the elderflower.As for food, everything was good but especially loved the fried chicken, the tofu appetizer, and the raw blue crab (though it was pretty spicy).
#REVIEW#This was outstanding. We came with a group of three and started with fried vegetables, followed by the grilled bulgogi, fried chicken, and their famous budae jiigae. We then finished off with their sesame ice cream on top of green tea crumbs. Everything was fantastic, including the banchan, which included eggplant, kimchi, anchovies, and potatoes. (The eggplant and anchovies were my favorites.) The budae jiigae is not something I would normally expect to like, but it was really great -- most certainly the best hot dog and spam dish I've ever eaten. In terms of must-reorders -- the menu is enormous, so I could see coming here and not repeating anything, even though I loved everything we got. The bulgogi is probably the closest for me, but even there, there are so many other dishes I'd want to try, I don't know if I'd lock myself into anything I'd already had. Overall, an amazing dinner, and I definitely want to get here for lunch one day as well.
#REVIEW#I'm sad to write this review as I used to really like this place, but I feel that the quality of the food has really fallen.I went last night and we ordered the shrimp jeon, fried chicken, and the ddukbokki hot pot.shrimp jeon: no issues. cooked pretty well so the crispy exterior remains intact.fried chicken: greasy. there were four pieces of JUST fried batter included in our order. the chicken itself is un(der?)seasoned so you are forced to use the dip (too sweet) or dip in the salt/pepper yourself. why not just s&p this before it comes out??ddukbokki hot pot: this is where i'm really confused. it's called ddukbokki, but there were literally six pieces of dduk in the entire dish. i'm also not a fan of the taste as it's not spicy and it's more of a mixture of gochugaru and jjajang sauce. it's peculiar and not that appealing.i've tried to give this place a fair try, but i don't think i'll be dining here again and there are better korean options just a block away.
#REVIEW#We stopped in here on a recent business trip and lucked into getting seated right away. The dumplings were great, the charred octopus was exceptional and had tons of flavor, and the pork ribs were fall off the bone tender and packed full of flavor. For my main I opted for the bibimbap, which was a comfortable and not inspired choice for me. Nevertheless, it was delicious and I enjoyed every bite. We also opted to share two desserts, and these were real stars. The soy flour and raspberry tiramisu was delicious and different, and the black sesame ice cream on green tea biscuit crumbs was excellent as well. Both totally different and delicious. Service was spot on all night. Great experience all-around!
#REVIEW#Came for dinner a few weeks ago with a friend having read a lot of good things about this restaurant! Like many restaurants, they don't seat you until your party is present and they get quite busy, weekdays and weekends alike so I guess it's always best to get there earlier! Luckily for us, we did not have to wait to get seated! The restaurant itself isn't huge but with the small-ish tables they have, there's a decent amount of seating. We orderd the kimchi pancake with poached eggs as a starter along with the banchans then provide. The pancake was pretty good and poached eggs made it better! I like Kimchi but can be selective about them but the kimchi here I don't think is overly fermented and there is a balanced sweet/spicy kick to it which was nice. All the other banchans were also good! We ordered the seafood jigae that came with a decent amount of seafood, rice cakes, some potato noodles, and the egg!  The broth itself seemed to be quite thick but I used it in the other rice dish we ordered which was perfect! This was really good and the spice that I was craving for! We also ordered a seaweed octopus rice that was really tasty! The portions are also pretty fair. Overally, the ambiance was great- definitely can get loud but it's expected. The workers are also very courteous and would check to make sure everything is okay, fill your water.Would come back again!
#REVIEW#It's popular for a reason. It's a place that cooks up modernized korean bar food through a more modermized/aesthetically pleasing menu - all served with Korean servers that seem to actually like and take their job more seriously.During dinner time, ironically, the crowd gears more towards Koreans that are either tourists or international students/workers. It's probably because they heard or know that other korean places in ktown are straight rip-offs with their prices and taste. This is a solid place that reminds (at least) me of Korea's night scene + a more upscale and quality food items.Recommend the bossam and the jeongols even though they're pricier than other items on menu. But they're probably the best bang for your bucks given the portion sizes.
#REVIEW#I came to Her Name is Han today during Presidents' Day with two friends of mine. We originally had our appetites set on Cup & Cup but found out the store was closed when we arrived! We saw that HNIH was opened so we walked a store over and arrived around 1pm-ish still during lunch time. I ordered the B set which was the beef noodle soup (with a side of pork belly) + banchan, Diana ordered the Budae Jigae set and Otto ordered the tuna bibimbap rice set. The food was good but nothing to rave about in my opinion. I feel that the most disappointing dish was the one I ordered: the beef noodle soup. The beef in this dish was dry and the broth was not as flavorful as I expected either. The pork belly that accompanied the noodle soup wasn't as tender and melt in your mouth as the one I had at Take 31. It was accompanied by a pickled onion and some pickled okra which I thoroughly enjoyed. The redeeming qualities of this whole meal were their little side dishes. I enjoyed every single one of them from the tofu, to the kimchi, lotus root and  mashed potatoes. My friend's Budae Jigae soup was good in flavor but the rice cakes were mushy which means that they were sitting in the broth for a while. From my experience, fresh Tteok in soup is chewy when you bite into in, which makes me think that the soup isn't made to order but rather yet sitting in a pot and scooped from the pot when someone orders it. Otto's Tuna bibimbap was very fresh and the citrus pang of the sauce made the rice bowl more delicious than without the sauce. Her name is Han also served us complementary barley tea. I don't think I would come back to this spot particularly because I'm more into korean fusion food dishes like take 31, iazkaya mew, etc. Thee lunch set I had today wasn't executed that well considering this is suppose to be a more traditional and authentic Korean cuisine experience.
#REVIEW#I really really liked Her Name is Han!!! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in NYC that I've tried so far! The bossam was SO SO good!! The pork belly melts in your mouth and the sauces both paired really nicely!! It also comes witch kimchi which was a bit sweeter and spicier than the kimchi that came with the side dishes. The side dishes were also pretty good! The kimchi pancake came with a soft boiled egg, and I thought it was yummy but the kimchi flavor + spice wasn't as strong as I would've liked. The bulgolgi pot was also really delicious and filled with mushrooms, meat, and veggies! One of my friends also had allergies, and they were really helpful pinpointing what she could and couldn't eat!! 1000% would come back here again. I would eat the bossam a million more times if I could-you have to order it if you come here!!!
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch - I was happy! It reminded me of homestyle like Korean cooking.I had the kimchi soup and the Korean fried chicken.The fried chicken was great. I love korean friend chicken and I love their take on it! (boneless, little bites). They are kind of like a tastier boneless chicken wing almost  accompanied by tasty sauce and pickled radishes. The kimchi soup was good too and comes with a bunch of sides.Good value too. Feel like it's not overpriced and I was happy with my meal. Good service too. Fast and polite.
#REVIEW#I've been seeking for a good pork belly so longgg, and finally found one in New York! I'm please of those kind staff also the decoration is so artistic!! I came there for dinner and waited for 20mins but it was worth it!!
