#NAME#Shanghai 21
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/shanghai-21-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#shanghainese#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Soup dumplings were awesome! We had the broccoli and water spinach as well. Everything was really tasty and service was fast.Only thing is that there might be a waiting time so make sure to go there early.
#REVIEW#The food and service was very good but not great.As someone who has been a loyal customer of Joe Shanghai's, the soup dumplings and the dishes couldn't hold a candle to Joe's.Not to say I wouldn't go back again, it's just one of many soup dumpling restaurants in a 3-5 block radius of each other.The wait during lunch and dinner is not terrible, maybe 20-25 minutes, as opposed to Joe's where it can average 45-65 minutes.
#REVIEW#Get the TRUFFLE SOUP DUMPLINGS. These are the star of the show and the main reason why this restaurant gets so much buzz. I would also say their Szechuan style dumplings / wontons and pork dumplings are good as well. Come here for those items, but everything else is just "ok." For example, we ordered the fried rice and it was pretty bad..needed a lot more flavor or maybe just a little bit of soy sauce? so pro tip, just stick to the soup dumplings and things like it.
#REVIEW#This is a decent place to visit in Chinatown. The soup dumplings aren't bad but I have been to better places in the vicinity. The fried meat was EXTREMELY oily and that was a turn off.In future, I may order less oilier options, since I know now.
#REVIEW#Let's call this a Dumpling Daze. I devoured the pork soup dumplings, the black truffle soup dumplings, and the shrimp dumplings in under six minutes. Sat next to the playground nearby and have no idea who was around me and what the kids did and what day it was and if the sun was shining but OH YOU CAN BET I know how great these dumplings were as I soared through a world of luxurious, rich, fresh flavors that need no soy sauce, no ginger, no nothing. Just perfect as they are. The founder of the dumplings-themed Instagram DumplingGang recommended this place to me and, well, she's a pro who knows her dumplings. I'll be raving about these from here on out. Cannot wait to come back for a straight-up dim sum meal.5 stars!!!!!!!
#REVIEW#Mmmm soup dumplings! This place doesn't get as much credit as it deserves since Joes Shanghai seems so much more popular. We tried the truffle soup dumplings and the Shanghai noodles.The truffle soup dumplings were soooo good! The dumplings came out hot, flavor was delicious and the broth was clear. I especially loved the broth because it tasted cleaner than Joes Shanghai (the broth was kinda murky/cloudy from the pork). Not sure if it tasted that much better because truffle was added, but I doubt it. I really regret not ordering the regular soup dumplings to compare to Joes Shanghai, but we were so full from everything else we ate during the trip. The Shanghai noodles were tasty too. Kinda oily but that's how it usually is. The noodles kind of had a chewy texture (how it should be) so it was good. Definitely want to come back again!
#REVIEW#Regular soup dumplings are the best! It has a lot of juice inside and is very tasty! Soup dumpling with crab meat is amazing! The seafood smell is well immersed in the dumpling. Highly recommend if you like seafood! The water crest shrimp dumplings are average, the filling is a bit dry, and the taste is very interesting. It is unique, but I am not a big fan of the watercrest filling. The fried tiny buns with pork is alright, not bad, just nothing stand out. The bottom is well and evenly fried.  There is always a wait at the door. And they ONLY accept American Express card or Cash!!!!!
#REVIEW#Fast service and great food. Kung Pao Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, Baby Shrimp fried rice and Pan-fried pork dumplings. All delicious! Eager to go back
#REVIEW#One of my favorite dim sum experiences besides China...It was between this and another super popular place but I was glad a came here.  I came in with one other person on a weekday and was seated immediately.  Our waiter gave some great recommendations and even helped answer some questions.  They menu was pretty extensive and had a lot of options.  They even had a Specials menu for the day which we also got some items from.  We ended up getting quite a few things but one of my favorites included their Szechuan Style Spicy Wontons and their Black Truffle Soup Dumplings.  Both were so good I am unsure which I prefer more.  I highly recommend both.  You must try them!!!  The Szechuan Style dumplings are great if you love spicy and a little sweet.  The sauce it came in was so good the person I came with would use the other dumplings with it.  The black truffle soup dumplings had the strong smell of truffles which I loved and tasted full of it.  Yummy!  We ordered their pickled cucumbers off the daily special which went great with everything.The service was excellent.  Our server was nice and took care of us.  The food came fast and the restaurant even takes AmEx!!!  I was so glad we came here and recommend it.  You will not disappointed if you love dim sum.
#REVIEW#Great Shanghainese place with big portions! Fyi the bowl of rice is HUGE.Been here twice, came out stuffed twice too lol. Here's the rundown!Scallion pancakesCrisp, almost no filling. I would skip this, I've had much better elsewhere.Pork soup dumplings / XLBPretty good! Doesn't have that porky smell/taste if you know what I mean. If I remember correctly, skin is thicker than average but it's ok it protects the yummy juices.Chicken corn soupGood, great when you're starving and can't wait for the mains lol.Chicken or beef stir fried rice cakeSo good!! If you don't have food restrictions, it tastes better with beef. The slices of beef are very tender. The rice cakes are nice and chewy. There's some vegetables also so you can pretend it's healthy ;)Shi jin guo ba (assorted meat potage with sizzling rice)Nice surprise! It comes with squares of crispy rice and they pour the sauce with the goodies on your table. The sauce is orangy and couldn't place my finger on it but this is great!Wu xi spare ribs Soy based tender pork ribs, loved by my picky brother.Watercress and enoki mushroomsYum! A refreshing break from the heavy saucy stuffGarlic eggplantDelicious! Eggplant slices were nice and tender and sauce was flavorful. Be careful as this may burn your mouth!Crispy duckDo not get this. It was dry and hard and surprisingly disappointing given how great the other food were.
#REVIEW#This is my third (or perhaps fourth) time here, however first time reviewing this spot. Came with my mom on Wednesday at 7pm. Restaurant was pretty full, but the staff managed to sat us down for a meal. We ordered four dishes: fried squid, crab soup dumplings, bamboo shoots, and preserved cabbage and shredded meat noodles. Total bill came about $36 tax and tip not included. Not a bad deal for 2 people.PROS:Bamboo shoots were out of the world! As a classic Shanghainese dish, they did not fail to impress here! The sauce was very mild, and the shoots themselves very soft and tender. You can tell it was marinated for quite a long time. Fried squid was crispy, seasoned very well, and tasted very fresh, and the portion sizes were quite big! I really enjoyed that dish alot.Soup dumplings were definitely flavorful! A little bit on the pricier side of things since we were given only 6 dumplings (usually its 8) at $8.25 a basket. However, you can taste the crab roe/meat inside as it adds a lot of flavor to the dumplings, and there was a voluminous amount of soup in each dumplings. Meat was very tender, juicy, and fresh.CONS:Our noodles dish, while portions were big, tasted very bland. Usually in Shanghai you get a TON of preserved cabbage in your noodles, however I felt the ratio was off between noodles and cabbage/meat. Also, the soup tasted a little lackluster in flavor, making the noodles taste a little bland and soggy.OVERALL:Some hits, some misses. Overall was quite impressed with the food served at Shanghai 21. Not the best Shanghainese restaurant around the block, but it sure is a good option to have if you're around the area.
#REVIEW#If you are a tourist visiting Chinatown, Joe's Ginger and Nom Wah Tea Parlor are two must-gos! Though both often have lines, Joe's is a bit easier to get into usually. However, for a visitor who has either been to both or does not wish to wait in line, I highly recommend Shanghai 21. The place did not have a line but clearly does great business. The service is good and they move people in and out efficiently. I had the pork soup dumplings which were as good as the ones at Joe's Ginger. I also enjoyed the scallion pancakes. I would go back!
#REVIEW#This place is always quite crowded whenever I pass by, so I've been dissuaded from going. However, today, I had a friend wait in line for me so I didn't need to wait for too long.One thing to note is that this place is not a dim sum place - there aren't carts going around and the interior isn't the most spacious. There are giant magnified pictures of the food on the wall, in case you can't see the food on your own table well enough.We ordered truffle soup dumplings, pork and crab soup dumplings, and rice cake with pork and preserved vegetables. My favorite was definitely the standard pork and crab soup dumplings - they were really flavorful and almost sweet. They were also the first thing I had and I was incredibly hungry. The truffle soup dumplings were a little bit of a letdown - definitely not worth the $13 or so price, and I got tired of them midway through the 2nd one. Not bad to try with a group of friends, but I probably wouldn't get again. The rice cake was delicious, and was a good amount of food, perfect to share with two people! Also a fair price. In the future, I would probably try out the shanghainese noodles, and save some money without the truffle xiao long baos. All in all, a pretty solid experience.
#REVIEW#Let me say this has been my FAVORITE joint for soup dumplings.However I unfortunately have to share my unpleasant experience- last nights order I found a thick metal ring in my lo-mein pork-shrimp noodles (never going to order that again) It was so hard it could have cracked my tooth. Which is terrifying. To have the metal ring in my mouth was beyond shocking - the metal wasn't a small one. However once I called and complained they were very gracious & accommodating, they sent me 2 more dishes of my choice (soup dumplings & shrimp chive dumplings ) on the house & it was delivered very quickly! (ps- personally I'd just stick to the soup dumplings & regular dumplings) that never disappoints & that's what is the best. Shanghai 21 - I've been your biggest fan for your food- but it's so disappointing to have such a horrible / scary experience- please do a better job in your maintenance & reputation.
#REVIEW#Shanghai 21 specializes in dumplings & they do serve some good ones. There're a few different varieties, but I do recommend their steamed watercress & shrimp dumplings ($5.50 for 4). Their spicy wontons ($6.75 for 8) are also pretty good. Their xiao long bao's just mediocre though, there're def better ones to get in NY. Although, they do serve black truffle xlb and they have pretty unique taste.Their other dishes're also pretty solid + above average portion size + bigger space + fast service , so you can't really go wrong coming here. ** 3 1/2 stars overall **
#REVIEW#This place was delicious and a great alternative for those that want soup dumplings but don't want to wait too long at Joe's Shanghai. It is a tight little space, so we had to wait outside for about 30 minutes for our table. A friend had recommended the truffle soup dumplings and they did not disappointment. We also got scallion pancakes were delicious - their breading is different than other places. They don't take credit card, which many places in Chinatown don't - so remember to bring cash!
#REVIEW#Best soup dumplings I've ever had. Giving it 4 stars because they delivery usually takes long and there's always a wait, but it's worth it! There are a few dishes i could do without, but their soup dumplings are to die for. The crispy shredded beef is AMAZING! Thank me lat
#REVIEW#i love dumplings because it is just one type of food that you can put one shot in your mouth and then enjoy the WHOLE THING !!! All kind of dumplings are delicious, but soup dumplings are undoubtedly the best kind, recently there are many new soup dumpling restaurant appeared along in NYC here and there !!! Today I found a new place and it is going to rank as in my list as The best SOUP DUMPLING in NYC Hand made very authentic!!Reasonable price...yummy good service Never will let you down Will definitely come back again
#REVIEW#Can not say enough about Shanghai 21, it is truly a gem of Chinatown.  The long line is worth putting your name on a list and waiting for a table, I promise.  We ordered hot & sour soup, chicken corn soup, scallion pancakes, pork and crab soup dumplings and pork soup dumplings, steamed pork buns, and chicken & eggplant in garlic sauce. The food was authentic, and so flavorful.  We didn't have one bad thing!  It was my first time trying chicken corn soup and now i'm a fan! DO NOT SKIP on the eggplant in garlic sauce, its easily one of my favorite dishes, and Shanghai 21 makes it better than anywhere else.  If you're in the area, and looking for AUTHENTIC food, this is better than other popular restaurants in the area!! Can't wait to go back.
#REVIEW#Kung Pao chicken.Get it. Maybe two plates of it.It is the best thing I was able to try when I was here.The interior is pretty spacious for this area. The food was good and the service was just enough.And you get ALOT of food for your dollar. I also liked the sesame noodles and the soup dumplings.4/5
