#NAME#Minca
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/minca-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Visited there with my friends from Buffalo NY. They had a detailed menu for Gluten free and Vegan customers to check all the ingredients, which helped us so much. The food quality was okay, nothing special to be honest. But I was stunned by their great customer service!
#REVIEW#I mainly came here because my other favorite ramen place was closed today, so I decided to try out a new place. However, the outside appearance of this place did not give me a good impression already, it was filthy and flies were everywhere. There were flies inside the place as well. Their noddles were super hard to chew and soup was really really really salty. Customer service wasn't that good as well. How much do I hate this place ? If yelp allows giving negative amount of stars I would give them one. That's it 11/10 does not recommend this place
#REVIEW#Minca is where it's at! I've been suckered into eating at the big chains like Ippudo and Ichiran when visiting New York, but honestly Minca has them BEAT! Very much a hidden gem because it's quite tucked away in a residential area on E 5th, but also because it was lunch time AND we were the only customers.There's a multitude of choices when it comes to broth: half pork & chicken broth, and choice of either soy based (Minca) or salt + garlic (Minca Sio). The next broth is pork only, the traditional way, and again you have an option of soy or salt+garlic. The third is tsukemen, or dipping ramen. There's also a variety of noodle types that you can choose (soft wavy, thin firm, etc) from.I went with Minca Sio, their most popular/signature bowl of ramen. Broth was so damn tasty! It wasn't too salty and had just enough porky and chicky (?) flavor. The recommended noodle type of thin firm noodle, but I decided to substitute it with the soft wavy noodles. Probably better to go with their suggestion as the optimal way to experience it, I'll certainly do that next time! And the pork...don't get me started on that! Melt in your mouth tender and packed full of flavor!At $13 a bowl, I consider it inexpensive in the expensive city of New York. It's also one of the best bowls of ramen I've had in the US.Minca is my type of ramen joint, hands down the best I've had in the east coast.
#REVIEW#I really enjoyed the food but not so much the decor. When you first walk in, it is already a tight space. We were seated by the window but there seemed to be no more than a few tables inside. We came on a Saturday afternoon so there was no wait but I have read that the wait gets pretty bad. My ramen was pretty good and the food was well priced. I wished that they would expand more but I guess the ambience is part of the charm (?) Overall, if I was in the area I would come back again but would definitely not make the trek out (queens girl here - it is a HIKE to get here). Ambience: 2/5Food: 5/5 Service: 5/5
#REVIEW#Hands down the BOMBEST and most AFFORDABLE ramen I had in NYC. HANDS DOWN. Including the best gyoza appetizer aswell! Alright on with the review.Wait wasn't to bad for starters. Sat down ASAP on a weekday night. Ordered the ramen and Gyoza Shrimp. The Gyoza came out first and besides burning the hell out of my mouth it was amazing. Literally a whole shrimp in a delicate thin wrapper mixed with chives and man it was a force not to be reckoned one. Minca Gyoza holds it down for the best Gyoza I've had in my life honestly. Now the ramen. This ramen was phenomenal. And out of all the joints I tried in NYC like Ippudo, Ichiran, etc Minca holds it down. Taste was just to die for. I'm talking about the deepest pork broth you can imagine. Along with the best ramen chashu I have ever had that was hit with a flamer. Oh man. The noodles were a bit on the thick size but you can choose your noodle preference. 2 bowls including Gyoza cost $35. Cash only by the way. More then worth it. Indeed my friends. Peace.
#REVIEW#Super low-key spot with absolutely amazing ramen. Must try the Minca Sio, especially if you're a garlic lover - the salt / garlic broth is unlike any other ramen broth I have ever had! We didn't order any apps but people seemed to be enjoying the shrimp gyoza.We went on a Tuesday night around 8pm. It was mostly full but we were able to get a table for 2 without waiting.Don't forget it is cash only!
#REVIEW#I actually wanna give this store a ZERO star, too bad it is not an option. Taste very very nasty. We walked to the store because we saw a lot of good reviews on yelp. But when we actually got our food, it did not turn out to be how we expected. First, ramen was very hard to chew. Second, the soup was super duper salty. Third, after we paid, the waitress immediately cleaned the table, which made it seem like they wanna kick us out. I would not recommend anybody go there.
#REVIEW#To be honest, I found Minca to be quite underwhelming. The portions & presentation were both great but the broth just didn't hit the spot for me. The garlic flavor was too overpowering.Their pork gyoza was really good though! I'd like to go back one day to try their different broths. Perhaps I just chose the wrong thing off the menu.
#REVIEW#Minca is a hole in the wall neighborhood ramen shop. Had lunch here on a Sunday at 2 pm and there was still a wait! (Rightfully so) The ramen is awesome, quick service, and normal prices. Definitely would go back. Don't forget it's cash only!!
#REVIEW#Wow! This place gets packed! Even on a monday night the place was full. It is a pretty small place good for more or less 20-25 people. However, when we arrived, the wait was surprisingly just 5 minutes for 5 people. Nice! We got lucky.Our group tried their dumplings which tasted fresh and not those pre-packed, refrigerated ones. Maybe i'd give it 3.9/5 but i do get picky with dumplings.Anyway, the staff was nice and pleasant. And the lady who served us spoke in Japanese which made the experience feel even more "authentic". Im just weird like that.So when our ramen bowls were served, it looked pretty delicious. It was also of good portion, nicely presented and had a good hearty broth. I had replaced thin noodles for wavy noodles for my minca bowl and i thought the noodles were done perfectly. Good taste and had a good chew.I'd recommend this place for friends preferably for a smaller group though. But be prepared to circle around before you can find a good parking spot. But rest assured, you'll get to enjoy a nice bowl of ramen after.
#REVIEW#I ordered the spicy basic. The noodle, especially the broth there was underwhelming... nothing too special. The flavor was not rich. The food came out a little longer than I expected. The service was bad. The waitress pushed me, again and again, to pay for a tip of more than 18% of the after-tax price when I said I ran out of cash. I asked her if I could pay for her slightly lower than 15% tip this time, more next time, or pay for high tip with my credit card, since I did not know this place is cash only and I had given her all my cash, but she asked me to go to the ATM to get more cash for her, so I can pay for her at least 20% of the after-tax price. She gave me a hard time. It was a very uncomfortable experience!
#REVIEW#I love those ramen shop- it's open late (last food call 11 for 11:30 close), the spicy ramen is perfectly spicy and delicious, and they are very hospitable/don't run you out the door as you'd expect if coming in at last call! I think I ordered both the spicy 'basic' (I later learned this is soy garlic, my fave- the 'basic' seems to be a misnomer, since I don't think the 'miso' is an add-on, as I'd assumed the first time), and spicy miso. Both were deliciously seasoned and not overly salty or spicy, with the perfect ratio of everything, IMO! The 'thick' noodles are nowhere near as thick as I'd thought they'd be- just a hair thicker than the 'wavy'. (Probably I'd been influenced by everyone describing udon noodles as 'thick'...)
#REVIEW#Ramen is one of those foods you have to find the absolute best of in every town. I've been living in New York for 3 weeks now & been to at least 4 different Japanese ramen spots. This one right here, is my favorite one thus far!I come from The Bay (California) where al pastor sizzles & the ramen is the...shizzle? (Ok that was my lame attempt at trying to rhyme, haha) Anyways, I'm a big fan of Tonkotsu broth so I ordered the Basic Spicy ramen with pork chashu, kernels of corn, sheet or nori, & bamboo shoots. Pretty much the same thing! The broth was perfectly seasoned -- not too spicy, not to salty. The only couple downsides was that the noodles weren't the thickness I desire in a good bowl of ramen & we only got half of a soft boiled egg, not a full. However, you absolutely MUST TRY their shrimp gyoza! It's a different take on your traditional pork gyoza, but its damn delicious! I actually think I prefer it over regular gyoza now that I've tried it.Will definitely come back!
#REVIEW#Minca is a cozy, cute little ramen shop that serves delicious food, suitable for the young and old. I say this because I dined in with my family and my little one (LO) loved the dumplings ... LOVED. Actually, I don't mean to call myself old, as I am NOT old, but I am sure an older person would adore this spot as well. My other half and I enjoyed the ramen and the leftover scraps of dumpling that our LO left us. Likewise, our LO loved the leftover ramen we left her, continuously asking for more. The location is sort of out of the way for us, but we'd stop by again if we were in the hood.
#REVIEW#The place was pretty small but the food was good and quickly delivered. It gets really crowded even on weekdays so its best to come early. I got the Tonkatsu ramen with thin noodles but if you prefer chewy noodles, go for the thick noodles. Theyre menu is helpful because they provide suggestions of what noodles to pair with the broth.
#REVIEW#Foodie Post Living in NY we have so many options for food/drinks/snacks it's amazingthat's one of the things I love about my City. With that being said I always like to make sure I go to quality places to indulge in the best of the best. From popular restaurants, Hidden Gems and other great places in between I like to try it all #Foodlover. Today I visited MINCA a little Gem in the LOWER EAST SIDE Located at 5th Street (Between Ave. A & B) This cute little Ramen Restaurant carries different types Of Delicious Ramen, Gyoza, Edamame and Japanese Style Fried Chicken just to name a few things off of the menu Also if you are a Sake And Beer Lover you'll be pleased with the selection. This cute Lil restaurant is Authentic from the food, decor and the staff. I give this Ramen Gem a 10/10 {The Ramen in this photo is MISO RAMEN *YummO*}
#REVIEW#Love Minca!!!  The ramen bowls are soooooo good. My boyfriend and I come here all the time. I get the spicy chicken and usually ask for extra spice. It's cash only and they don't have any wine, but the strawberry sake is amazing. It tastes like a strawberry milkshake. Highly recommend Minca! The atmosphere is nice and I like getting to sit at the bar and watching the food be made
#REVIEW#THE GOOD: Price is cheap for a big bowl of noodle and it includes the egg. Most ramen places are more expensive, smaller portion and charge a la cart for the egg. I got the miso ramen and it was tasty. My friend got the pork broth ramen. We both finished it and were actually full. The waitress was friendly. THE BAD:We found the soup to be a bit more oily than other ramen places. Minus 1 star. THE UGLY:As we started eating, I saw a roach crawling on the wall next to my friend's head. I immediately picked up my bowl of ramen to protect it from the roach! Then my friend pointed it out to the waitress. She apologized and grabbed a napkin from my table and smashed/killed/grabbed the roach. Okaaaay!  Minus another star. To be fair, I don't want people to not give this restaurant a chance just because of this. The ramen is good and the staff are friendly and hard working. Also, many, many, many restaurants, cafes, bakeries, etc. have roaches and mice. Just because we don't see it doesn't mean they are not there.
#REVIEW#Heard good things about Minca for years now and finally made my way there. Unfortunately, I was left disappointed. We tried the signature ramen and the dipping ramen. While the noodles were cooked perfectly al dente just the way I like, the broth for both was just underwhelming. It lacked depth and... flavor? Aside from that, service was great and waitress and staff were very friendly and attentive. Our orders were taken quickly and arrived quickly as well
#REVIEW#My friend and I came here for a quick, hearty lunch. Keep in mind they are cash only! Portions are incredibly large though, so you could probably get away with sharing even a single bowl.I got the Spicy Basic ramen, which was full of great stuff like pork, mushrooms, egg, seaweed, and nice garlicky flavor. My friend got the Spicy Miso which was also great!
