#NAME#Scarpetta
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/scarpetta-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Food was delicious and service was great!! The pasta was fresh, delicious and did not disappoint! Each dish was easily shareable, cooked to perfection.There is definitely a crowd of busy business people who seem to be at every slot at the bar. Bathroom is down the stairs and around the corner in a hotel. It would have been good for the hostess to mention when you checkin for a table.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Monday night to celebrate my birthday with my family. We made a reservation at 5:30 and were seated 5 mins later, as that was when the restaurant officially opens for business.Before I begin, a huge shoutout to our waiter (I'm so sorry I forgot your name T_T) for being such a great dude. I had brought my birthday cakes in to celebrate with family but I was told by the staff that I had to pay $7 per person for them to store, serve, and cut the cake so we decided to forgo it. Our waiter instead waived the fee for us and served the cakes for us on the house, which was so sweet of him! To start off our meal, we got two appetizers: Creamy Polenta and Braised Short Ribs of Beef. I had high hopes for the Creamy Polenta as I heard this was their most popular appetizer. Unfortunately, I found the sauce that accompanied the Creamy Polenta to be way too salty for my taste and it kind of overpowered the whole dish. The Braised Short Ribs of Beef, in comparison, was much better. The meat was cooked perfectly and the farro risotto was nicely flavored and cooked well.Now for the entrees. We got two orders of the Braised Short Rib Agnolotti, Tomato & Basil Spaghetti, and Sea Bass. Out of all the dishes we ordered, my favorites were definitely the Tomato & Basil Spaghetti, and Sea Bass. I loved the sauce for the Tomato & Basil Spaghetti as well as the spaghetti. The sauce was simple yet flavorful and the spaghetti was absolutely delicious and perfectly cooked. I loved the seasoning and sear on the Sea Bass. The sauce for the Sea Bass was also just delightful. Not too heavy and contained just the right amount of seasoning.My major complaint would be the Braised Short Rib Agnolotti, which is ironic considering it's their most famous dish. I mostly tasted cheese in the agnolotti. The braised short rib was nowhere to be found! Thus, wasn't too impressed by this dish and would order something else on the menu.Overall, this place is decent. Not mindblowingly awesome but it was good.
#REVIEW#Contrasting flavors, fresh and delicate, the portions could be more generous or you could offer a reasonable price;  the service staff is attentive.  The atmosphere is closer to a Bar.Sabores contrastantes, frescos y delicados, las porciones podrian ser mas generosas o se podría ofrecer un precio acorde;  el personal de servicio es atento. la  atmosfera es mas cercana a un Bar .
#REVIEW#Best. Spaghetti. Ever.We heard a lot about this place and their spaghetti so decided to check it out. Got a dinner reservation on a Sunday. The place is beautiful. There is a bar are that is decorated with flowers on the ceiling and is adorbs.Inside they have a dining area with cute seating arrangements. Their service is great and is at par with other classy places. Their bread service is very impressive. It's not just warm bread rolls but all kinds of yummy stuff. Comes with tomato and eggplant something, olive oil and mascarpone.We started with the braised short ribs that comes with risotto. Ribs were very tender and the fork cuts through like butter. Risotto was quite tasty as well.We obviously ordered the spaghetti. It's simple, perfect (al dente and all that) and beautiful. Comes in a fancy dome thing too. We also had the halibut with roasted fennel  and snap peas in a sauce that is light but creamy. Fish was pretty nicely done. It was a tad undone in the center but I'm not a fish person so I don't know what's the perfect way to make fish.We were too full for dessert but they gave us complimentary biscotti. Their complementary scene is so good. Will definitely be back. Oh, almost forgot, don't forget to try their San Remo- great cocktail!
#REVIEW#If you could own a restaurant, this would be it. Beautiful elegant comfortable accommodations. Service was impeccable and attentive when required. The Nebbiolo wine was on point. The food  of Roasted Beet Salad, Duck Foie Gras Ravioli and Lobster Tagliolini Nero was most delicious. The dishes were perfectly cooked, with flavours bursting with each bite. This meal was so delicious, that perhaps, could be the culinary weapon that could mend relations between countries...:). We've eaten Italian meals all over the world, And this would rank amongst the best. Thanks for reading. Avram Quasimodo ps. Thank you Scarpetta, for recognising our Anniversary Celebration..:)
#REVIEW#They had a prefixe brunch for Mother's Day with live music. I ordered tuna sushi ("suci"), the best spaghetti I've ever had, and dessert, which was a giant fruit bowl. But, others got the chocolate cake, which was a richer version of chocolate lava cake.My spaghetti was definitely the best entree included in the bunch. The steak and eggs was just slightly above average and the French toast was very good, but my friend commented it got boring after a few bites. I am excited to go back and try the hamichi appetizer next time, and eat the spaghetti again!!
#REVIEW#My experience at Scarpetta was nothing short of fabulous. The food was full of flavor and truly thought out. The presentation was stunning, and the service was great! Our glass was always filled and our table always tidy. I couldn't ask for a better dinner and I can't wait to go back.
#REVIEW#Decided to grab some brunch figured concrete jungle would be an ideal spot! Needed a new place, so tag this was it! Place is cool! Service is fantastic. Food is really good! They have a prefix brunch menu $55 per person. Some may find it steep, but it's concrete jungle plus food was quite good!!! Wasn't that busy being a religious Holiday. FYI- Getting to the restroom is like being in a maze. Lots of turns & steps. Well it seemed a lot since I have a bladder of an infant. Any who- If you're around the city and want some new spot for brunch, give this place a whirl. Cheers'
#REVIEW#I had heard a lot of praise about Scarpetta, so I was very excited to learn that they also serve some of their pastas during weekend brunch, for which reservations are easy to find! We arrived to find live music playing, with a singer and very talented sax player up at the front, and this alone made our morning. However, I have mixed reviews about the food itself. The bread basket they serve is pretty yummy, with buttery scones and rolls for the table to share. Their signature tomato and basil spaghetti is also delicious, with a tangy tomato sauce and fresh and chewy pasta. The three other dishes we ordered, though, were all misses for me: the polenta tasted super meaty, the beet mezzaluna was lukewarm and flavorless, and the pancakes felt undercooked, with an almost raw and doughy texture. Would probably come back solely for the spaghetti but am hesitant to be adventurous with the menu here :/
#REVIEW#Came here with a party of five for a friend's birthday dinner. The atmosphere is very high class and our server was very attentive to all of our needs. Scarpetta has one of the best free bread baskets I've ever had. The bread alone might be one of the reasons I want to come back. As for my pasta, i do feel like the portion sizes are very small but the pasta itself was very delicious and it was enough to leave me satisfied - but not stuffed. I wouldn't become a regular here but it's a very nice place to go for a special occasion.
#REVIEW#Upscale vibe and prices. Was lucky to nab two seats at a community table without a rez. The mushroom polenta was soooo good. I was disappointed to order the short rib and be served a grain salad (which was very good btw) with three tiny slices of short rib on the side. Made me think of the old Wendys commercials 'where's the beef?!' The have a bread in bread basket that has meat and cheese in it and it is amazing. The table bussers we're very friendly but our handsome server was ice cold.
#REVIEW#Came here for restaurant week and also the first visit after they relocated. The space is very cute and intimate.Our waiter was very very friendly!It was great seeing Scarpetta still insisted on the best complimentary bread basket in the city.Yellow Tail was fresh and delicious.Creamy Polenta was a little bit too creamy but the mushroom inside was very good.Salmon entree was very juicy and yummy with crispy skin.Chicken entree, the black meat was very tender and tasty, whereas the white meat was quite dry, I didn't really eat the white meat.Ice Cream dessert over coffee crumbs and chocolate mousse was full of layers.Scarpetta never disappoints!
#REVIEW#Exceptional service and cuisine!We've lived and dined in NYC as well as in Italy for years and our daughter recommended Scarpetta for my wife's birthday and we could not be happier. Great location and decor.. but the service was outstanding as well as our meals. Each dish was beautifully prepared and cooked perfectly.  Service staff was incredibly attentive.  Definitely try the scallop appetizer and black cod dish.
#REVIEW#Scarpetta was such an amazing choice for my Christmas dinner! My husband and I had been wanting to try Scarpetta for quite some time now and on Christmas we decided to take the leap and check the place out.The service was great and very prompt! Our server stayed on top of our table the entire time.We brought our own bottle of wine in due to the fact that we enjoy our own collection and the corking fee was only $40 dollars.For starters I had the the polenta which was very creamy and tasted similar to purée potato's. My husband had the short ribs and he said that they were cooked perfectly! For our main course I had the spaghetti and I must say that it was some of the best that I have ever had! The pasta was homemade and tasted wonderful. My husband had the agnolotti which he said was brilliant and full of flavor.We ended our meal with dessert and I have to say that both of our choices were simply delicious! I had the espresso budino and my husbands chocolate cake (these are must try menu items) you will not be disappointed.I would definitely come back to Scarpettta, I truly enjoyed the entire evening.
#REVIEW#Came here for both dinner and brunch on separate occasions. Loved it both times. Great ambience, professional and attentive/prompt service and decent food. Don't think it's known for its brunch btw so walk-ins are easy and without wait, even at prime brunch hours on Sunday (we went close to noon). On the food- their signature spaghetti, while simple, is so so good and definitely worth trying. It's also available on both brunch and dinner menus. The mushroom polenta (to share) was also super tasty. Make sure you leave room for the bread baskets here btw- dinner especially. They have a calzone/roll like bread that is addictive and very tasty. Brunch scones are also . Everything else is good but standard...wouldn't say anything really stuck out as being a must have (but definitely still enjoyable). Bf said steak and eggs (on brunch menu) was 3/5 so probably not the thing to get here...Service was not overly friendly but was professional and attentive. Never felt like we waited on them for anything and when we were raving about their scone, they without prompt brought us two additional ones. Overall definitely a place I would visit again, especially for that spaghetti.
#REVIEW#I came for a Christmas Eve celebration. Great service and my group mostly loved their food. Octopus app: delicious! The octopus was cooked well and I loved it. Scallops app: delicious also! The scallops were cooked well to me. Foie gras and duck ravioli: I was super excited to try this as it's raved about and I love foie gras, but I wasn't blown away much to my dismay. It's very rich and smooth and had a decent foie gras flavor. I think the other reviews overhyped the dish for me that I left disappointed. Lemon dessert: this was so so so so so good! I wish I could have a bunch more! The cake was moist and zingy! The sorbet was mind blowing and so unbelievably strong and zesty. I would love a gallon of this! The prices are a wee bit high, which is expected for a lovely place such as this. I'd consider returning and trying different dishes...definitely not that ravioli though.
#REVIEW#First and foremost, way too loud for a business dinner. This place is a bit of a scene so if that is what you are looking for, perfect. Packed bar on a Tuesday night at 7 pm, crowded dining room, ok food. So decide what you want. Re: food, menu is somewhat limited. I had the roasted cauliflower which was ok, not great, and the black cod which was excellent. My guests had the spaghetti which looked disappointing and I was right. The service was just ok. Go for the "lively" atmosphere not the culinary experience.
#REVIEW#It pains me to write a mediocre review because I've been to Scarpetta multiple times between the older location on West 14th Street and once at Scarpetta Beach in Montauk. Although we had a reservation for 2 on Open Table on a Friday night, we must have waited at the bar at least 40minutes for our table, while bugging the hostess every so often.  The layout of the restaurant is especially awkward with minimal room when crowded so we constantly felt like we were in the way of people trying to enter & exit.Once seated the always delicious complimentary bread basket arrived with spreads. We quickly ordered the grilled octopus & polenta to share, spaghetti & short rib and bone marrow agnolotti. As always we enjoyed all aside from the grilled octopus which seemed to lack seasoning. Waiting too long for our table & again for food, high price tag and service that left a lot to be desired will deter me from going back.
#REVIEW#There are a lot of things to say about Scarpetta as a restaurant, but the most important of them is that they serve:1. The best bread basket ever. If they had only given us the fluffy rolls, buttery focaccia, and crusty Italian bread...it would've been enough. If they had only provided us with citrus-infused olive oil, eggplant caponata OR the mascarpone butter...it would've been enough.Surprisingly, Scarpetta lays every one of these items in front of you in a sumptuous, complimentary carby feast, along with the absolute kicker: STROMBOLI. With smoked mozzarella, salami, basil, and cherry tomatoes, this is meaty, cheesey bread, people; it's a meal in itself, and a damn good one. And it's all on the house.2. The best spaghetti ever.They are justifiably famous for the simple perfection of the world's most commonly used pasta cut adorned with the ingredients everyone uses: tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, butter, basil. It's just done better than you've ever had it before. It's a rare place that has two superlatives such as these, so Scarpetta is worth a stop, despite the price tag.It also helps that the room is beautiful, with plants hanging from every inch of the ceiling, and that just about everything you get (the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti!) including dessert will be high quality, the service will be attentive, and if nothing else, you got to eat that stromboli.
#REVIEW#Upscale Italian best known for their pasta (and bread basket!) Great for a date night or a celebration!Hm.. Not sure if it was just me or the service was not quite up there... Not that it was bad, but it just fell a tiny bit short...Onto the food!Bread basketAmazing!! Seriously, best bread basket ever - the hype is real!! My favorite was the roll which had a smoky meat and melted cheese - so good! The eggplant tomato spread was divine with the plain bread.Seared scallop appetizer - get this!Gigantic diver scallops with an amazing apple puree or something, amazing! The scallop was perfectly cooked with just the right bite, and creative ingredients (and plating!) Only work to elevate the dish. Polenta - goodI confess, I'm not much of a polenta fan. I do appreciate that it's great with a smooth and creamy texture, but... yeah. Just not a fan. If you like polenta though, definitely give it a try!Spaghetti (eh?)Either people have weird taste buds or I'm the weird one. Seeing as tons rave about it, it's probably the latter. I don't know, I'm not a fan. The pasta is great, sure, as is to be expected of homemade level, but the sauce for me leaves much to be desired...Short rib and bone marrow agnolotti - oh yeah!"Little pockets of beefy goodness." Delicious.Double baked lemon cake - Yum!One of the creative sweets I've had recently. The lemon cake itself was good, but the kicker are the things on top. Cold pistachio ice cream-like dollops, alternated with yolky custard things, with some crisp chocolate spikes.Half is good for one person, but of course I didn't mind polishing the whole thing by myself =)
