#NAME#Bea
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bea-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is a great theater District spot.  Service was fast and food was excellent. We had scallops and fish of the day which was branzino. Each dish was delicious.  We had decaf coffee which was great.  Location was good for most theaters, and there was no problem with the reservation.  Excellent martinis!
#REVIEW#Several of us ended up here after a show the other night. We really enjoyed it, and think you would as well. Thumbs up for the beet salad, the pear salad, the Mac and cheese, pork dumplings, and cocktails. If you like brussels sprouts, be sure to order these! Really really good! The wine list wasn't super extensive, but there were some nice choices available.The servers were attentive, professional, and friendly, although towards the end of our time there it was really hard to find anyone to assist us with a couple of things. Not a huge thing though, and it certainly did not put a damper on our wonderful experience there.
#REVIEW#Randomly found this place while walking around. Got here exactly when they opened and had no wait. Restaurant filled up within 30 min. Love the indoor outdoor vibe they have going on, 5 stars for ambiance. We ordered the cauliflower, potatoes, sausage, ricotta and the French toast to share among three people. Would order three small plates for 2 people. Every item was delicious and we ordered the perfect amount of food. Potatoes and French toast were especially delicious. Drinks were average.Would 100% recommend this place and would absolutely come back!
#REVIEW#Such a cute restaurant! Came here with a friend for drinks and also got some fries. Drinks were average NY prices and tasty. I didn't get to try the food, but a few of my friends who have been say it's good for an American restaurant. Also hear it's cute for a date
#REVIEW#I had previously came here, gave them 5 starts, couldn't rave about this place enough. I was so excited to come back and bring my fiancé as I had not stopped talking about it. They totally changed their brunch menu. You used to get so much food, they needed to lift you out of here with a crane. You now get to choose an app, a side and an entree. The portions were small, the food was not hot and some of the best things on the menu that used to be there, weren't available. I got the lamb meatballs, cauliflower with feta and pine nuts and eggs Benedict. The meatballs were fine, the cauliflower had barely any feta and probably 3 pine nuts with no flavor or seasoning, and the eggs Benedict were fine. The English muffin it was on was soggy and old though. My fiancé got the smoked salmon, bacon and steak and eggs. The salmon was just normal lox, the bacon was delish. Such flavor and perfectly cooked. The steak and eggs were so disappointing. The steak had no seasoning or flavor, and the eggs were scrambled eggs I could make at home. I will not be returning here, which is so disappointing after loving it so much the first time.
#REVIEW#Boozy brunch spot needed far away from long waits and unruly college students? Bea offers a boozy brunch special for about $56 that includes all you can drink mimosas an appetizer, sharing plate and a main meal.Home girl, I left 7 mimosas later and feeling wicked AMAZING.Let's start. Salmon: served up with flat bread and I want to say it was cheese but I was also 3 mimosas in soooo - nonetheless for a place that doesn't specialize in seafood this was the table faveCauliflower: im not a usual veggie eater but this dishes topped with what seemed like baked cheese was delicious! A great crunch and every bite had flavor that made me question if I was really devouring cauliflower Steak and eggs: I opted for medium rare and it came out a solid medium but still delicious and served with Gordon Ramsay approved scrambled eggs. All in all a great brunch spot! Shout out to our waiter that kept the boozy drinks coming one after another!
#REVIEW#Great place for a date night...Brick and mortar decor both inside the main restaurant, plus the patio like side room. Complete with a live tree. Yes you read that right. They project old movies on the walls. Gotta admit, this isn't the easiest place to find. Just look for their neon sign outside on 43rd St. just off Ninth Avenue.Made reservations two days out just to confirm, highly recommended for a Friday evening. Especially in this area. Service was very pleasant. Not really rushing us, which isn't always the case in the theater district. For drinks wifey had something called Anything goes. I mentioned to our server that I'm not a fan of bourbon or whiskey and she offered up a suggestion of Mad Hatters brew. Tito's vodka, fig vodka, drambuie, honey syrup and lime juice. Looked like it came in a tea cup. But you sure get your bang for your buck.Appetizer, one was shared and that was a very large cheese platter. More than enough for the two of us. Entrees that weren't shared this time. A green spinach pasta served up with shrimp in creamy white sauce. Very good and a pretty good portion. The Mrs had the pear salad with shrimp added on. Dessert, no chance.
#REVIEW#Super nice restaurant and food is excellent. Game back for the second night. Yesterday Pork dumplings and Atlantic salmon plus chocolate vulacano and ice cream. Moscow mule pretty nice. Tonight... Moscow mule and for food still need to order. Music is nice ... a bit high but ok. Dumplings on the second night had the sauce so spicy it is burning my mouth. I like spicy so not a big deal bit you loose the nice taste of the pork dumplings.
#REVIEW#Day/Time: Tuesday, around 6:30pm (no reservations)Wait Time: No wait timeSeating: Table/booth seats and bar seatsService: GreatDrinks: We didn't order any drinks, but they have cocktails and wine availableFood: We ordered the house ricotta, gnocchi, manicotti, and cornWe were seated immediately in the back courtyard when we arrived (no reservation). Vibey and lively spot. Absolutely loved every item we ordered. We'll definitely be back to try the other items on the menu! HIGHLY RECOMMEND! The food is delicious :)
#REVIEW#Landed late and stoped in as it was the highest rated bar/restaurant for food on the neighborhood at 10:30pm. Fun well appointed contemporary environment, well managed as the floor manager was quick to greet and seat. One server managing the floor was pressed for time periodically but the service was certainly appropriate for the price and environment. Ordered Ahi Tuna Tartar, Duck Turnovers, flourless chocolate cake. Tuna was tasty and a good size but primarily avocado and pickled ginger (not my favorite) fresh chili was a nice touch and agin good for the price. Duck turnovers were warm and generally yummy, pastry was the high point, stuffing was bland maybe a little mealy. Sauce seemed to sweet, like they were trying to replicate bottled versions. Chocolate cake was accompanied with ice cream per server request, dense but satisfying and tasty.
#REVIEW#Came with a few girlfriends on Sunday for brunch. I would give this 3 and 1/2 stars if I could. Made reservations although there seemed to be only a small crowd and plenty of room for walk ins which can be a plus! We were seated immediately. We had the burger and eggs Benedict and shared the French toast as a dessert. Everyone enjoyed their plate, the burger was tasty and the French toast was DELICIOUS! Stuffed and melts in your mouth. I didn't exactly find the bottomless mimosas worth the price, though. Bottomless cocktails cost $28 for 1.5 hours - so unless you know you can finish at least 4 mimosas /brunch cocktails in 1.5 hours, you may just want to buy them individually for $9 or else you won't get your money's worth. Perhaps this is also the reason it wasn't overcrowded and we managed to get a last minute reservation.The ambiance wasn't anything special. Otherwise, the food was good!
#REVIEW#Went with friends for dessert and drinks after a Broadway show. Nice atmosphere! Menu of really fun mixed drinks. Food smelled great even though we didn't eat. Really lived the old movies being projected on to the walls- and it wasn't invasive- just nice!
#REVIEW#I wanted to like Bea so much. So, so much. But tuna tartare was mushy, mushroom pizza was boring to the point of tasteless, and lamb meatballs were tough. Outside garden is charming and service is solid, but this is the kind of place where you don't bother to take your expensive leftovers home with you.
#REVIEW#I was pleasantly surprised with BEA! The inside is beautiful, semi-dark and feels super intimate. I would recommend coming here for a date night.For drinks, we ordered the Maracuya Mama (Leblon Cachaca, Tanteo Chipotle Tequila, St. Germain, Passion Fruit Puree, Spicy Honey, and Chili Flakes) and the Divine Derecho (Corralejo tequila, El Buho mescal, Spicy honey syrup, Fino sherry and Lemon juice). The drinks were really good but both my husband and I agreed the Maracuya Mama was delicious.For food, we ordered 2 apps and 1 entrée. We ordered the Tuna Tar Guac (Yellow Tuna, Guacamole, Onions, tomato, Broccoli, Soy, and Fresh Lime Juice), Spicy Lamb Meatballs (with Smoked Chipotle, Tomato Sauce, Tzatziki & Pita Bread on the side) and the Green Pasta (Creamy Fresh Spinach, Tagliatelle Pasta, and Marinated Shrimp).The tuna tartar guac was really good. The tuna tartare came out on a bed of guacamole, served with chips.  It was big enough for 2 people to share. They did not skimp out on the tuna, which was the star of the dish.The spicy lamb meatballs were amazing! Dare I say better than the regular meatballs? Although you could taste the lamb, it was not overpowering. The tzatziki sauce gave additional depth to the meatballs. I just wish there was more meatballs! The order only came with 4 small meatballs and to me, the meatballs were the highlight of the night.The green pasta was really good too. The spinach tagliatelle was served with really juicy shrimp in a delicious cream sauce. The cream sauce was different than any other sauce I've ever tasted. It seemed to be a blend of black pepper, garlic, butter and some other sweet ingredient I could not distinguish. There was plenty of shrimp in the dish too.Overall, I loved this place. The food was delicious and the romantic vibe elevated our date night.
#REVIEW#I went here for Valentine's Day. We had reservations for 6:45pm, but came around 6:30pm and were seated early. Sadly, we weren't given a table by the beautiful garden area. Once we sat down, a waiter came over and asked us what we wanted to drink (still/tap/fizzy) water right as I was taking off my jacket. Ok, fine. Literally not even two seconds later , another waitress comes over and asks what we'd like (same for water). I told her we were already being served and she gave me a stank look. This is unacceptable, especially on a night like Valentine's Day.For drinks, we ordered the Madhatter's Brew and another drink(forgot the name of it but it had ginger and orange in it). The Madhatter's brew had weird random tea leaves in it that weren't mentioned on the menu, so I would not recommend this drink. The other drink was really good though. It's ironic how it is made by a mixologist, but pretty weak.... Wouldn't come here for the drinks.NOW.... For the amazing food, I fell in LOVE with the Mac & cheese ($9). It was creepy and gooey, and made of gouda which gave it a unique, smokey flavor. The breadcrumbs could've been more cooked/baked though.Spicy Meatballs($15) - Delicious! The spice wasn't overbearing at all. However, the best part of this appetizer was the tzatiki sauce and pita bread. Ugh, amazing I wish they had an appetizer just of the sauce and bread.Main Dishes:-I ordered Uncle Tommy's Pie ($17). It definitely looks better on the photos because I thought the top layer would be really cheesy. Instead, it's a hearty dish that definitely needed some kind of sauce to compliment the mashed potatoes.-Also tried half of the English Muffin Burger. Once again, the delicious Gouda was used on the burger. So yummy!!! The fries had salt&pepper on them and came with a delicious aoli. Overall, this place was really good and had a romantic vibe to it. However, I really did NOT like our waitress at all. If I asked her to repeat herself or asked what was in my drink specifically, she gave me a very snobby look. Not okay.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Saturday for their bottomless brunch it was great!! We were running a little late for our reservation and they still sat us right when we got there. Everyone was nice, I feel like the staff works the whole floor we had a different server for each course and drink, but they kept the drinks coming! You have to get the prefix menu in order to get the bottomless drinks but the options were good so we had no complaint. The atmosphere was great as well!! They give bottomless a calmer less party vibe and you can hold a conversation while having good food and drinks!!
#REVIEW#Love the white brick walls, soft lighting, movies playing on the walls, and spaciousness.  Also love that they're open late for theatre-goers, and that they didn't try to rush us at all.We were not that hungry, but at least half of the menu sounded amazing and we wished that we had come with more people so that we could order more things.  Green pasta was both creamy and light, and the English muffin burger was stellar, with a mountain of fries and a nice garlicky aioli in addition to ketchup.
#REVIEW#I came here on a Tuesday night with a party of about 10 people and Bea was very accommodating! There's a separate public dining area that's really cozy with a brick interior, old poster art, and a beautiful skylight. There was even a black and white film projected on in the background which added a nice touch to the vibe of the place. For appetizers, we all split the cheese platter, mushroom pizza, fries, and Mac and cheese. Everything was 5/5 except for the cheese platter, which was underwhelming. I would pass on that next time. For the main, I got the gnocchi, which was absolutely delicious. The pasta was soft and pillowy, and the sauce was packed with flavor. So simple yet amazing.Bea is great for groups or an intimate dinner, I would definitely come back!
#REVIEW#Perfect for large group or just two! The first time I came to Bea was for brunch with a friend, and the food was delicious and the atmosphere awesome. So when planning a large group event (9 people) I was pleasantly surprised by how easy and accommodating Bea was. The staff was fantastic and the food delicious! We came in at 5:00 on friday and sat in the atrium. Everyone was so impressed by the decor and the glass ceiling, and tree lol. Going at 5:00 was perfect as it was not too loud or crowded yet so we could all chat and catchup. We had brought our own cake and the cake cutting fee is probably the most reasonable i have encountered yet. Highly suggest this place for everyone!
#REVIEW#2 glasses of wine and 2 tapas $60.00 this place is convenient for the theatre, but very bland.  We ordered the lamb meatballs and pork dumplings.  Truthfully not worth the calories.  Cheap wine glasses but had a nice smooth Italian red wine.  The lamb meatballs were swimming in oil.  Great service though and decent atmosphere.
