#NAME#Craft
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/craft-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#We are avid fans of Billions and have made a point to try to visit as many of the restaurants featured on the show as we can when we are in Manhattan. This was the best of them, so far! The manager saw that I had mentioned Billions when making the reservation and he made sure that we had the very table that was used in the episode, which was lovely. Also, he knew we were on a trip to celebrate my 50th birthday, so he had a special, personalized menu created for me. I felt very special! The service was impeccable from the start, as was the martini. We next had the beet salad and the roasted mushroom medley - both beautiful and delish. I had the swordfish as my entree and it was one of the best fish dishes of my life. My husband had the short ribs and loved them, and we shared the risotto and the aligot potatoes - outstanding, both of them! For dessert, the restaurant sent over the ice cream sandwich bday special, it was adorable and yummy, and we ordered the chocolate hazelnut mousse as well, and it was one of my favorite desserts, ever! The ambiance at Craft is perfect for special occasions. We forgot that there is also a Craft near our home in SoCal, so we will be making a reservation to go there soon, based on how terrific this experience was.
#REVIEW#Great food, incredible decor, and superb service. Look, the place ain't cheap so check your wallet prior, but the food is worth it. We would have regular bi-monthly :) dinners at craft. I would always want, when the seating was available, as close to the subtle yet REALLY IMPRESSIVE paintings in the back. They appear to be a panel series - my interpretation is of fireworks rising just on the evening's horizon. Beautiful. And the interior design won an award sometime around 2003ish (Disclosure: Im in the A/E fields). Anything meats-oriented is spectacular... the beef flat iron and short ribs are excellent... the oysters are one of the greatest.. the octopus carpaccio is awesome and worth it... and the mushrooms are so worth the try. Enjoy!
#REVIEW#Craft is a Colicchio institution that I've been loyal to for fifteen plus years.  It has set the bar on quality, craftsmanship, and service and I've never been disappointed. However, Easter Sunday provided a real goose-egg from start to finish.We arrived promptly at 1:55pm for a 2pm seating for 6. Upon arrival, we were told that the table was being prepared and were invited to wait at the bar. Typically, I would give "being prepared" up to 15 minutes. We were kept waiting until 2:30pm.At 2:15, we checked in with the hostess and asked if it would be much longer...and asked if we should go ahead and order drinks.  She replied "you could do that". A classic exercise in ambiguity.After returning to the bar, we ordered some drinks. A few of us ordered our choice liquor on the rocks. Despite the $16+ cost associated with each, the bartender measured exactly one shot's worth of liquor into each glass.  At a restaurant of its stature, I've never seen such a frugal measure taken.Finally it was time to sit. We were walked to our table and all of us realized how warm it felt in the restaurant. I looked around and quickly noticed two standing air conditioners and two fans toward the center of room; not quite the charming aesthetic we'd hoped for -- on top of that, the standing units both read 70-75 degrees...an unfortunate temperature for a blazer. I told the hostess the temperature was uncomfortably warm and was told the AC was off-line as their landlord had been doing work on the building. Despite making the reservation a month prior on open-table, no forewarning was provided.After we each peeled off a layer, our waiter identified himself, handed us the prix fixe menus and asked if he could get us any drinks. He explained the pastries would be right out and the first course would later follow. Half of our party ordered cocktails and the rest rose. The bar was in view from my seat and I saw the drinks promptly prepared and waiting... our waiter did not reappear for another 15 minutes to serve them. By the time he brought the drinks over and the bottle of rose, the drinks had melted and the rose had lost its chill and was poured at close to room temperature, further exacerbating the heat. Another twenty minutes passed without any food when suddenly the first course arrived. We were frustrated and starving by then. I asked about the pastries and the server said "you never got the pastries!?" confirming that they should have been served just after we were seated. He rushed away and came back five minutes later with pastries. No butter was served with the pastries and to try and eat a cinnamon roll with smoked trout is both awkward and annoying.The food was good, but the service truly detracted from our ability to enjoy it and to have a great experience together as a family.For me, the ultimate surprise was that nothing was done to make us feel whole -- there were no "compliments of the chef" moments (as I've seen done during dinner); we were not comped drinks or dessert in any way, nor was any apology issued for any of the consistent hiccups.When our dessert plates were finished and cleared, we were even kept waiting to pay the bill as we sat looking and wondering where our waiter had gone for an additional 15-20 minutes. My brother's wife and mine both got up and left the restaurant to get air.For 6 of us, with a $55 prix fixe and a few drinks each, our bill was $725 without tip.  What could have been a lovely and memorable Easter meal became memorable for all the wrong reasons. I will not be bringing my family back.
#REVIEW#I'll get the bad out the way. What they lack in food they make up in service FOR SURE!I haven't had much fine dining experiences but I do eat all day everyday to know what's good on the tongue and what's just fluff. Service matters a lot but it can't be the only thing that leaves a restaurant standing on it's feet. With that said, I didn't pay for this meal and I still can't accept the fact that I was very underwhelmed. I came here for Valentine's day and the menu was pre-fixed. I would expect that some of their best items would be on the menu if it's $125pp. Or maybe not, but the food was very mediocre at best and that maybe be too nice of a compliment. I had to switch my meal out from the tilefish to the lobster (I haven't switched a meal out in years). The lobster was a good replacement. The sauce on the tilefish kept making me nauseous almost immediately with all three bites that I took. But let's be nice here. The decor was beautiful and the service was exceptional. Gave my boyfriend some props for picking the place but reminded him I'm too greedy for fine dining. At least my outfit didn't go to waste. Oh and the wine (and drink menu) is something to definitely brag about.
#REVIEW#This is the kind of world class restaurant with world class service that deserves recognition .I don't usually give out 5 stars because that, by definition suggests perfection and no room for improvement . Well, in this case , truly , there isn't too much room for improvement .Before I tell ya'll about the food and other stuff, let me be the first to tell you that the service was unbelievable and the Craft experience magical From the moment we were welcomed into the restaurant to the time we left with our little muffins for tomorrow's breakfast, the entire experience was perfect, magical and an assault on the senses. The food is non-traditional and even traditional ingredients are prepared with surprising twists to make each dish symphony on the taste buds.Everything was fantastic but the gnocchi was just the highlight for me. They were fat, fluffy  flakes of fabulousness
#REVIEW#We liked this place!I will start by saying the service is second to none. Brilliant, friendly service. Tom would be proud. Our waiter Caesar is one of the best/friendliest/most helpful waiters I have had the pleasure of having in my life. Kudos to him and we wish him all the best and thanks again for making our experience absolutely magnificent. They gave us champagne for our anniversary which was so sweet of them. I knew the night would be great after that friendly service.On to the food.They started us with some amuse-bouche which I think was a chicken paté type bite. Was delicious.  For part of our main meal we had the Amish chicken which was amaaaazing! Perfectly cooked chicken and I recommend that for sure. Skin was crunchy and meat was moist and perfect. We also had the mushrooms, the sunchokes, and the brussel sprouts (not sure if any of those are seasonal, I think the sunchokes are...but don't quote me). All were great. We liked the mushrooms the best. We also had the rabbit dish which came as a pot pie and also with breast meat wrapped in bacon. It was delicious. I would recommend the chicken over the rabbit but both were great and you can't go wrong. We were too full for dessert (although I really wanted to try the doughnuts) but they were nice enough to give us a little lemon ricotta cookie which was great too.Recommend trying this place! Thanks Craft! Can't wait to visit NYC again and drop by to say hello! Best service I have had in a long time!
#REVIEW#RESTAURANT WEEK LUNCH 2019:I made a reservation here to treat my mom out for lunch and service was good but food was a little disappointing as I had high hopes for a Tom Colicchio restaurant. Almost everything was overly SALTY. In terms of decor, it is very modern and it looks great for a business meeting or a date.On to the food...Focaccia Bread with Herb: The bread was soft and it was good but nothing amazing. FIRST COURSE:- Brussel Sprouts Salad (walnuts & bagna cuda) - This was super SALTY. I could barely eat a few bites before I asked the waitress if they could redo it minus the salt. The waitress was very nice and replaced the dish minus the salt and the dish definitely tasted better afterwards.- Ricotta Toast (Kabocha Squash & Apple) - I loved the cheese on the toast and the kabocha squash & apple added a layer of sweetness.SECOND COURSE:- Rigatoni (Short Rib Ragu, Roasted Tomato & Braised Kale) - Rigatoni was al dente and on point. Short Rib Ragu sauce was good but too SALTY.- Roasted Skate (Cauliflower & Sauce Grenobloise) - Fish was not dry which was a plus. The cauliflower and sauce grenobloise was decent but nothing to write home about as it was pretty SALTY.OVERALL - I don't think I'll be coming back here but I definitely recommend you go to Riverpark (another Tom Colicchio restaurant) instead.
#REVIEW#Came here for my birthday and got treated like a king. The menu even had my name on it! Epic meal! We did the bone marrow steak for table, monkfish, wagyu short rib, potatoes and some other stuffIncredible staff. Wasn't loud or anything at all inside. Thanks again
#REVIEW#Craft was superb in every respect: from the  waitstaff, to timing service, to drinks, to food. I took a friend here for her birthday and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The wait staff was attentive but had an innate sense of when to come to the table and when it was fine to stay away. I had duck and it was prepared to utter perfection. I would return in a heartbeat.
#REVIEW#Excellent atmosphere and the food is always on point. The portion sizes are generous. Always make sure to try some of the pasta selections. You cannot go wrong with the gnocchi, scollops, duck or the short ribs. For dessert, the ice creams are always very unique. The bar is great and I highly recommend the cocktails.
#REVIEW#One of the most sublime meals of 2018 was had at Craft. We went straight for the mains and opted for some sharing sides as well. The menu may not be extensive but has something for everyone. Everything is done to perfection and key is simplicity - both in terms of presentation and also preparation. I had the Red Snapper (roasted) and can still savor the taste of this melt-in-your-mouth fish unlike any other I've had in a long, long time. The fish tasted like better...the texture like fine silk and paired with some of the sides like the gratin and mushroom risotto made for an incredibly fine meal. To wrap up, I opted to skip dessert and just had coffee and went home a very happy camper. Here's to Tom Colicchio and many more such gastronomic innovations! **raises glass*
#REVIEW#I came here to host a bridal shower at the private venue part of Craft. Mejken is the BEST and most responsive planner, and I forget the name of the girl on shift June 15th from 11:30am - 3pm but she was also the best. Both her and Mejken are the reasons I would plan a private event here again. Food was also phenomenal. Thank you, Craft!!!
#REVIEW#This is one of the best restaurants in NYC. Blown away by the service and ambience of Craft. The food was all delicious and our server was so lovely. Do yourself a favor and don't skip the dessert! The also gave us muffins when we were leaving, which was much appreciated the next morning.
#REVIEW#We have been wanting to get to Craft for years, and we finally got around to it on our trip into NYC for our anniversary.  Despite the extremely high expectations, Craft delivered in every way, making it a memorable night for us!The decor and ambiance inside was very nice, and the service is impeccable. Each of the servers make a point that you will enjoy this special dining experience. We ordered the veal sweetbread and arugula salad as our first course, and both were amazing. For our main dishes, we ordered the flatiron steak and the halibut, with a side of lobster risotto, all of which was as good as it sounds!  For dessert we had the homemade donuts, which came out with "Happy Anniversary" painted on the plate with chocolate. A very nice touch. We each had one of their specialty cocktails with our meal: the mojito-like Persia, with vodka, pomegranate, lemon and mint, and the tasty bourbon and Aperol Black Widow. And for our special occasion, the restaurant had special menus printed up for us and provided a complimentary champagne toast!  My only regret was not getting there earlier to get an extra cocktail before our meal. Chef Tom Colicchio should be proud!  Thanks for the amazing experience!
#REVIEW#We had a pleasant lunch at Craft during Restaurant Week 2018. For a starter I ordered the Steak Tartare, I thought the seasoning on the steak was quite good. However, I do believe the texture and size of the steak chunks could have been a bit more tender and small. There was a slight amount of chew/bite to the tartare bits that I found just a bit offputting. I did think the flavors of the steak's seasoning and the charred bread were quite good. The fresh made penne was excellent. I found the sauce to be rich, well seasoned, and the pasta perfectly chewy. The pulled short rib inside was delicately tender and flavorful. The server was defnitely helpful and friendly.
#REVIEW#From the second you walk in this place is perfection.  The interior, the servers, the silver, the menu, every single thing including the food is impeccable.  The steaks are the best I've ever had.  When you leave they give you a muffin in a bag "For Breakfast Tomorrow".  The whole place is a class act.  It's in my top 5 in NYC.
#REVIEW#***review based on lunchFood: 3/5Service: 4/5Ambiance: 5/5Overall: food was decent though was smaller in portion than I'd like.The extended review...Food: three course lunch menu...Beef tartare - this was good but was pretty standard typical in taste.Strozzapreti with duck confit - definitely didn't have quite as much duck but I guess that's to be expected.  I think an increase in duck would improve the overall taste.Sorbet - flavoring wasn't bad but the texture was icy and not quite as smooth.Service: friendly and attentive service.Ambiance: The setting itself was very nice and I loved the decor.  Very posh.
#REVIEW#Came here for summer restaurant week 2018. Easily made reservations on OpenTable. The hostess was friendly and very accommodating. Gave us a great cozy table in the corner for two. Modern and contemporary design in the restaurant. Waitress was nice and friendly. Food came at a great pace. Arugula salad - I enjoyed this more than I thought. Simple salad - arugula, lemon, pine nuts and loads of parmesan cheese. It worked well together. Friend ordered the heirloom tomato salad which looked okay. She didn't say anything about it so I'm guessing it was just alright. Spaccatelli pasta - came with braised short rib, horseradish and loads of parmesan cheese. Can you tell I like parmesan? I really liked this dish. While it was a tad bit salty, the flavors of the entire dish worked really well. Al dente pasta, lovely sauce, tender braised short rib generously sprinkled throughout, lots of parmesan - totally delicious. I wish I had more! Friend said the roasted poussin (chicken dish) was a unique flavor but upon almost finishing the meal, noticed that the pieces close to the bone were undercooked. Disappointing but didn't ruin her meal.Overall, nice ambiance, good food, they don't rush you and actually let you enjoy your time there. Would definitely come back and try other dishes.
#REVIEW#Craft is a great dining spot in New York! My roommate picked Craft for restaurant week lunch as she is a huge top chef fan! So glad she did because our meal at Craft was great!The ambiance was modern, elegant, clean and spacious. Tables were pretty spread out - which is rare in NYC!The pre fixed three courses restaurant week lunch had so options- 8 different dishes each for appetizers and main course - it was amazing! Loved all the appetizers our table had - Fluke Crudo, Beer Taretare, and Duck liver mousse were the highlights. Everyone ordered the famous Craft Burger - smoked gouda with caramelized onion and it was so good! All the dishes were of high quality and we all really enjoyed our meal!Definitely take advantage of the pre-fix lunch options at Craft! They offer three courses of $36 regularly and it's so worth it!
#REVIEW#I loved the atmosphere here. Not too loud, comfortable space. Service was good.Most of the food was delicious, but I was a bit disappointed with my main course. I would really give 3.5 stars. I was tossed on rounding up or down, but for a restaurant of this caliber I shouldn't feel that my dish was mediocre and therefore it gets a 3.Note: if you're planning on getting the lamb, it takes 45 minutes. There's no indication on the menu. Everything is a la carte, if you don't do the testing menu. For starters, we had the Tuscan Kale salad, which was excellent. We were asked if we wanted half or full size. After being told that full was good for 2 people, we went with that. Half would have been enough. We had to take some of it to go.For side dishes we had the mushrooms, potato gratin, and the artichokes. The mushrooms were unbelievably good. The potato gratin and artichokes were both good. The potato gratin was very creamy.For my main dish I ordered the lobster. Being that it cost $60 and had no description I assumed it would be a nice sized lobster. It was served in a skillet with an orange marmalade flavored sauce with peas. I felt this dish was lacking. I didn't like the flavor of the sauce and the dish overall felt rather small. Not impressed. Upon leaving, we were given coffee cake muffins to take home for breakfast. That was a nice touch. I might give this place another try. The side dishes alone made it worth it, but I definitely would not order the lobster again. Food tips: Tuscan Kale, mushrooms, potato gratin
