#NAME#Flex Mussels
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/flex-mussels-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday evening around 6. It wasn't packed at all, until around a half an hour later! We had ordered the watermelon salad which was super fresh, an oyster, and the Parma mussels. Everything was so delicious! I had practically finished the mussels off myself, and there were a lot of them. The oysters had a delicious cheese on them which was melted nonetheless. All and all I would definitely come back. The only thing I could say is that the cell phone reception wasn't great but that doesn't involve the food or the service.
#REVIEW#Upon entering you most certainly see and feel you are in a windowless basement with a low ceiling. The dining room should be avoided by those suffering from even a touch of claustrophobia. The uncomfortable and slippery chairs weren't helping the dining experience either. Nothing we ate was great nor terrible, a solid 5. Service was good. Regret Schlepping here for my Special Fathers Day Meal because it was nothing special.
#REVIEW#Mussels are good but they stopped doing AYCE two months ago. The menu is very ambiguous and a quick search in the reviews turned up no results. I came here with friends expecting to have AYCE but was disappointed that they had stopped. Minus a star that we still had to move to sit at the bar for a regular single pot and minus another star for no more ayce. Mussels are good though.
#REVIEW#Flex mussels has been on my list for some time now. We had dinner reservations for 5pm. Were lucky with parking and found a spot pretty quickly. Arrived a few minutes before our reservation, the dining room wasn't open yet. The hostess was very friendly and gave us a happy hour menu to look at. My party of 4 just chatted and patiently waited to be seated, which wasn't long. Once seated we couldn't wait to look at the menu and order. For appetizers we shared the clam strips (yummy, very flavorful with a nice kick), crab guac (more guac than crab), truffle fries (were okay), grilled octopus (tasty but just a little too tough), old bay shrimp (yummy & very flavorful). Now for the mussels we shared the Lobster Bisque (my favorite), Angry Lobster, and the Parm. When the mussels came out the aroma was just steaming out of these pots of goodness had us all drooling. Overall we had a wonderful time. Service was friendly and attentive. Food was very good. We are definitely making future reservations for sure!
#REVIEW#This place serves mussels in over ten different ways. My friend made a reservation and when we got their we got our table right away. Their appetizers that we tried are pretty okay and we got the crab guacamole and it has crabmeat and chips, and Burnt fingers is calamari with two pieces of shrimp. For main dish I got the maine lobster, smoked bacon, chowder and parsley. Taste so perfect! The smoked bacon is thick and cut into pieces. The sauce is just so good too. My husband got the fungi wild mushrooms, double smoked bacon, porcini cream. He really enjoyed it and they also give free bread on the side. The serving is huge especially when you're getting one order of mussels each. I left this place so full. If you love seafood especially mussels then definitely this is the place for you. They also serves liquor like beers and some cocktails. The service was great!
#REVIEW#Service was great! We had the Parma and Bangkok mussels. Wasnt q big fan of the Bangkok mussels but the Parma was delicious. We also order calamari and fried clams. They were okay. My boyfriend loved the calamari.  I didn't think they were super flavorful. You get alot of mussels and they are meaty. Definitely going back again.
#REVIEW#Regret is a dish best kept in the denial bank. WTF does that mean? How much is a two pound bag of mussels at Whole Paycheck? $14? Ish? You'll pay at least 2x at Flex depending on how many bells and whistles you want in your broth. It's worth it. I've had almost half their menu of mussels between this location and the UES spot and I've never had a bad meal. The Fungi, Curry and Classic are my favs, but don't sleep on any of the tomato broth options. Always check on #23, an interesting new twist might be the move. Skip the crab avocado guacamole and the shrimp ceviche, no matter how much your basic squad wants it. The raw oysters, clams and mussel options never disappoint. The martini's are well done. Remember what mom always said: don't order the third, you're a lady. Unless, tonight... you don't want to be. The outdoor seating option at this location is much better than the uptown location. But, that's not hard to do. As someone who quite often cooks mussels at home during the year, the regret I have for paying 2-3 times market price is tempered by the quality of all ingredients, the excellent service and those damn doughnuts. Yes, save room for them and keep regret in the denial bank.
#REVIEW#My experience here was good. My review is more about the ambiance and layout which I didn't care for.  The food itself was excellent, however, it was a little too dungeon-like for me.  The decor palette was a little too muted, as well. The seating was very cramped and the tables are too close together. What made it even worse was the ceilings were very low. I felt like I was in a bomb shelter. I was getting anxiety just waiting to be seating as a peered over at the bar area where the patrons were sandwiched like sardines up against a wall with a bar (more like a ledge) that was the depth of my arm (I have short arms). The portion of mussels was enormous. These plates could definitely be shared, but I'm not good at sharing. Very flavorful, and very good, quality ingredients. I happened to order the special that night ($32). A little pricy for a special since the others were closer to $25.
#REVIEW#My friend and I are always enjoyed dinning at Flex Mussels.  We both had #23 special and it was so yummy.  We always had their homemade donuts.  If you are from here or out of time and like/love seafood, this is a place to eat; specially, the mussels and donuts.
#REVIEW#This was my first time at the 13th St location (I usually go to the UES) - Same great quality of food and service. I think this location may have been a bit more spacious. Anyways, I ordered a few dishes to share with my mom. We ordered the special appetizer of the day, lobster mac & cheese, the little neck mussels ($28) and famous Parmesan truffle fries ($12). We were so stuffed, and unfortunately left no room for the donuts dessert (a bit disappointing, but I saved a few couple hundred calories lol).I really liked the little neck mussels because it came with clams too - Both the clams and mussels were so fresh. The broth was light & a bit spicy, and the breadcrumbs give it a nice texture. I definitely recommend. I really love Flex - Definitely one of my go-to restaurants in NYC.
#REVIEW#I'm going to start this review by disclaiming that if you are a traditionalist or a French person, you are probably not going to like this place. Apparently the classic, white wine mussels here aren't that great. I'll never know, because why order that when I could be ordering any of the 22 other mussel pots? If all you want is super classic moules frites, go to one of the 500 actual French restaurants in this neighborhood (shoutout to Amelie -- best mussels in the game, and awesome happy hour). I've tried many of the mussel pots in the 'creamy' and 'tomatoey' category over the years, and my favorite is definitely the Fra Diavolo. You get tons of free bread with your meal, and the slightly spicy, tomatoey sauce is just the best for dipping. The creamy sauces are delicious (my fave is the Fungi) but tend to be too rich for me to finish on my own. They used to have an insane happy hour, where you could get the Fra Diavolo, fries, AND a beer for $24... this HH special still kinda exists, but now no longer includes the beer, which is sad. The fries are good, but you really don't need them. Your essential dipping instrument is the bread. If you haven't stuffed yourself with mussels and bread, you need to get the doughnuts for dessert. They're these hot fluffy pockets, stuffed full of your choice of fillings. I've tried literally all of them, and my favorites are the fluffernutter and the blueberry.
#REVIEW#Was excited to try Flex Mussels, but ended up being just an okay experience.We started with the lobster mac and cheese, which was one of the daily specials.  It was pretty disappointing.  It was not really lobster mac and cheese as it really had no flavor of lobster.  It was just mac and cheese were they added a few pieces of lobster as a topping.  The mac and cheese itself was thin and runny, with none of the nice cheesy flavor or texture you'd expect.  The lobster part of the dish were these two tiny pieces of lobster that was sort of tough and which had no flavor at all.The two of us shared a mussel pot.  We went with Bisque, which had lobster, brandy, tomato, and cream.  When I order a mussel pot, I love when the pot of mussels arrives and it is overflowing with mussels.  That was not the case here.  They brought out this giant pot and it was less than half full of mussels.  The flavor of the broth was nice, but didn't really translate to the mussels themselves.  The mussels were cleaned and cooked well.  The bread which came with the pot was tough and came out cold.We had gone to Waterzooi in Garden City a few weeks prior to Flex Mussels and actually ordered an identical meal to this, so we couldn't resist comparing the two as we ate.  Without question, Waterzooi did a better job at a much lower price point.I did really enjoy the atmosphere here.  It's a good date spot.  Sort of dark inside and cramped, but in a charming way.  To have mussels as an entree, you'd have to order one mussel pot per person (and share).
#REVIEW#I love mussels in general, but this restaurant made me fall in love with mussels again. Went for happy hour, which is unfortunately only at the bar or counter seating. They have tables in the back, which is a much nicer atmosphere (having happy hour for the tables would've made it more perfect).Their happy hour is a great deal with mussels and fries for $24. They give you a lot of mussels, and the fries are cooked perfectly. I ordered the classic because I think the white wine sauce is always the best choice for mussels. Dipping the bread in the sauce was delicious too, and you can always ask for bread to be refilled.It does get very crowded and loud in the bar area, so I would recommend just sitting in the back if you don't mind not getting happy hour deals.
#REVIEW#I had a wonderful experience with my friend here! First off, I find a real sense of cleanliness and modern vibes here. Tables spread out nicely and cleanly, warm atmosphere, and great food. The mussel broth choices are so tasty! I had the penne vodka with chili broth with mussels and a little bit of penne - Highly recommend!! Their fries and truffle fries are so yummy too. Classic and modern "moules frites" options are glorious. Nice wine choices too - I got the Gruner Veltliner and friend got Muscadet. The lemon custard inside the lemon donut was perfectly tart and not too sweet :)Highly highly recommend! Loved it!
#REVIEW#Came for dinner with a party of 3 on a Friday night during happy hour. Unfortunately, the happy hour menu was only available for bar seating. We ordered the truffle fries, crab guac, classic white wine mussels and bisque mussels. They definitely didn't skimp on the guac- the guac to chip ratio was like 2:1!!!! We ended up not finishing the guac because we didn't have enough chips. We all preferred the bisque mussels because it was just a bit more flavorful! Their complimentary bread was so soft and warm on the inside and crispy on the outside. The truffle fries were pretty standard I guess. We opted for 4 of their doughnuts for dessert. We agreed our favorite actually ended up being the plain cinnamon sugar dipped in the vanilla icing on the side. Coming here definitely satisfies a seafood/mussel craving!
#REVIEW#I love mussels and when my friend told me about this restaurant, I knew I had to check it out. This restaurant is really busy so I made a reservation for two for 8:30PM on a Friday using Open Table (Warning: Even if you have a reservation for a specific time, they don't seat you right away. I think I had to wait around 20 minutes before I actually got seated).The menu is mainly made up of different types of mussels but they have a small selection of non-mussel items. Each mussel pot ranges from $25 to $29.50. I ordered the Classic and my friend ordered the Angry Lobster. When the mussel pots arrived, I was surprised at how many mussels there were. There were around 40 mussels in each pot which is more than enough to fill you up. They also serve unlimited sourdough bread pieces which taste amazing when you drench them in the mussel sauce!Overall, this is a great place to go if you love mussels. The only bad thing about it is that this place is extremely loud (I could barely hear my friend across the table). I wouldn't recommend this for a first date or if you want to eat at an intimate setting.
#REVIEW#My girlfriend and I was in the area and was looking for something good to eat this past weekend. I came across Flex Mussel on Yelp as the name and reviews caught my attention. It was a little busy however I was able to make a reservation on OpenTable for 9:30 pm. I found parking down the block which was surprising as It is usually hard too! I arrived a little early around 9:05 pm and tried to see if I could get seated first; however, the person at the front told me he would let me know when our table was ready. When our table was available at 9:35 pm, we were seated and greeted by our waitress who explained the menu thoroughly.Upon looking at reviews, we decided to go with the Lobster Mac and Cheese for a starter and a Pot of Thai Mussels and a side of Truffle French fries to share. The lobster mac looked great, and the presentation was A-1; however, they gave us three small bites of lobster for $18. Aside from that, it was good, but it was not the best I've had. The mussels pot came out shortly after with some bread. It is there signature mussels pot, and reviewers said it was terrific and spicy. My opinion was less of that as the taste was all right and not spicy at all. If you know Thai foods, it is just mussels in a red curry sauce. The sauce was too overpowering; however, it was not terrible. The truffle fries were amazing and tasty! We also ordered the famous dessert donuts which we got to choose our own four flavors. It arrived freshly baked and the taste delightful. Overall the restaurant had lovely décor and dark which felt cozy and welcoming! The food was okay, the appetizer​ was overpriced​, but the dessert is a must have!
#REVIEW#After having some disappointing mussels a week prior, we were on the hunt for some redemption mussels. We thought Flex would be the perfect spot - I mean, the name mussels is literally in their name. The menu certainly looks appealing - an entire page of unique mussel flavors, and then a backside with things that are "not mussels". We started with the KALE SALAD. As a kale salad fanatic, I can say this one was underwhelming. The shredded kale was not coated enough with the cheese and olive oil, and didn't have me going back for bite after bite. We had the ITALIANO mussels, intrigued by the addition of calamari. For a mussel place, I was expecting a lot from the mussels, but yet again, I was underwhelmed. The red wine, garlic, and tomato sauce was very bland. The addition of PARMESAN TRUFFLE FRIES was a win though. These fries were thin and crispy with a delicious parmesan topping and flavorful truffle seasoning. I think this place should change their name to Flex Donuts, because the DONUTS we concluded our meal with were out of this word. For only $10, you can choose four donut flavors from the expansive list of enchanting flavors, and each one was more delicious then the last. The PB&J was filled with a creamy peanut butter and a flavorful jam that was a perfect nod to your childhood lunch. The CINNAMON SUGAR was plain and simple, light and airy on the inside, and delicious dusting of cinnamon sugar on the outside. The SALTED CARAMEL had a luscious creamy salted caramel filling, and the WILD BLUEBERRY had tons of sweet filling. And because Flex was celebrating a birthday, we were gifted a BIRTHDAY CAKE donut filled with icing and topped with festive sprinkles. The donuts all came together with the vanilla bean dipping sauce and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. If you come to Flex, I'd suggest skipping the mussels and ordering solely dessert.
#REVIEW#Couldn't figure out how we missed this place after living in NYC for a long while. Everything looked so delicious on the menu, we already had dinner before coming in but was like- we gotta try at least one of the mussel pot. There's creamy and non-creamy based mussel pots plus their daily special. The Thai one we tried was awesome, a little bit spicy with the coconut cream base sauce at the bottom. The drinks were also really really good, especially the Spicy Jalapeno tequila and the strawberry gin. The filled donuts was also amazing at the end of the meal. Couldn't go wrong with any of the flavor fillings.Our server- Chris was lovely and attentive, he made a lot of great suggestions and added joy to our dining experience at Flex Mussels.If you haven't already, go check this place out asap!
#REVIEW#Fish tacos were amazing! The best fish tacos I've had in a long time. My friend had some some creamy mussels and boy were they delicious! Truffle Fries with Parm cheese were darn good. Hot fave! Service was bad tho. First they didn't come to the table for a good 10 minutes. Then they mixed up the order and got regular fries. The people who are supposed to clear up the tables were not trained properly, we had a guy come to us thrice asking to clear the table and we didn't even spend more than an hour there. Finally we said yes to mussels pot but we were not even half done with fries, but he took them away anyway before we could say anything. I wish they had better staff. The place is really cute, food was amazing. Will definitely return tho!
