#NAME#Fish
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/fish-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I love this place, I've been here a couple of times over the past few years and it's very consistent.There's every seafood option imaginable on their menu, and it's all pretty good value. Staff is super friendly. Though I've historically come here on weekend afternoons, I've never had issues getting seats.This is a seafood staple in the West Village for sure!Go get your oysters!
#REVIEW#My friend felt like eating seafood and suggested this place. I'm not even sure exactly what kind of restaurant this is, the waitress sits at the bar half the time, the bartender just stares at us as while we're waiting to get seated. It didn't seem like the friendliest place and the food was meh. I guess they're more popular for their oysters here, but I'm not a fan of oysters in general so. Fried Oysters ($14)-4/5 The fried oysters are the only thing I kinda really recommend out of all the food that we tried. I mean how can you go wrong with anything fried? The oysters were small but topped with seaweed and sauce which made it delicious. And a splash of lemon made it taste even better. Grilled Octopus Salad ($24)-3/5 I've had better octopus salad before at Terra's and it's also cheaper but didn't come with the arugula like this did. This dish is fine, but it had the slightest octopus/fishy taste as if it was marinated too well. There were other stuff in the salad such baby potatoes, roasted peppers, capers, kalamata olives, and dressed with dill vinaigrette. The kalamata olives tasted straight up like alcohol, which I wasn't a fan of. And the roasted peppers looked a little long, soggy, and scary, so we skipped those too.Grilled Calamari ($14)-2.5/5 There was an option of fried or grilled calamari and we asked the waitress which was better and she said grilled, so we decided to go with it. It was probably one of the worst calamari I've ever had. It was so chewy, I couldn't even talk to my friend for like 5 minutes while eating one calamari. After that I just decided to give up and swallow it instead. The sauce is also slightly spicy, but doable. One piece of the grilled calamari had too much charcoal and made it extremely bitter. Even my trusty lemon, couldn't save this dish. Tuna wontons ($18)-3/5 The Asian in me was like, "What!? Tuna wontons? I've got to try that!" It wasn't too bad, but I was quite shocked when I saw what the 'wontons' looked like. It looked like hard shelled tacos, it did come in taco holders as well, so. It was basically tuna, avocado, with some creamy sauce on top, but the flavors were very basic.
#REVIEW#Our server was great. Oyster was also fresh and tasty but the catch of the day and the lobster were both a bit disappointing. Sides were honestly impressive. The lobster on the other hand was a bit dry. We ordered sword fish as the catch of the day I v never had it before but def not my fav. Barely tasted any oyster in the fried oyster but the flavor itself is quite good. Overall not bad but would not go again.
#REVIEW#TERRIBLE SERVICE. Don't come here if you want to have a good time.I came on a rainy (so it was not busy) Sunday afternoon and experienced boring/alright food and horrible service.We ordered the fish and chips, which were not british style as advertised. There was no vinegar or tartar sauce and the fish was a bit tasteless. The fries were also soggy and towards the darker end of the color spectrum meaning they were over cooked. But more importantly, there was a HAIR in our coleslaw, and when we informed one of the staff members, her response was baffling. I showed her the coleslaw and she was just completely uninterested. I had to repeat that there was a hair in the coleslaw several times before she even reacted. And then she just took it and barely said a word. Look, hair in food is not that much of a big deal to me, I get that it just happens sometimes and I wasn't even making a fuss about it at all. I have to say I was surprised there was no apology but even more so her completely disinterested response, she was just like "Ok, and what's the issue?" and when I pointed out the hair again, she just took it without saying a word. I have never experienced such lackluster service even when there wasn't hair in the food, let alone when there is.We also ordered steamed mussels with garlic bread which I enjoyed. We got the garlic lemon butter flavor and the sauce was good. A good amount of lemon, garlic, and brine from the mussels without being too overpowering. The garlic bread was also decent, the bread was perhaps brioche and it was good, but I would have preferred more garlic and butter flavor on it.Then in the middle of our meal, and group of six came in and they wanted to squeeze in the round window table next to us, but it was only for four. So at first, the staff brought two more chairs for them but then suddenly they decided to take the table that was a part of our setting, as we were seated with two doubles pushed together to make four. Now, I have no problem giving up a table that I wasn't using to another party, especially one that seemed like they were celebrating a birthday, but what I did have an issue with was the way the staff went about it. They did not explain the situation to us at all and just started touching my friend's scarf and bag and telling her to move it as it was on the seat next to her. So I asked her if wanted to put it on my side and she handed it to me. Then, again, without asking or communicating with us what exactly was happening, they start trying to move the stuff that was on the seat next to me. I was utterly shocked. Had they had the decency to communicate directly with me and my friend that they needed the table, I would have happily moved my stuff. But no, they just start touching your things without even saying a word to you what was happening?!Never have I ever encountered such terrible service before. The staff at Fish lacked the most basic of communication skills and respect to the customer. I can forgive a lot of service-side things, especially if the food is good, but nothing about this place was worth it.
#REVIEW#How did I not know about this place earlier!? Affordable, quality seafood. We each had a glass of prosseco followed by the lobster Cobb which was the salad of my dream and the shrimp cocktail. Still hungry, we went for the special (a glass of wine and 5 oysters for 10$.... in NYC! Wut!) and added the grilled calamari that did not disappoint. All in all, or bill came to a little over 100$ w tip for high quality seafood. I'll be back!
#REVIEW#Food: 5/5I've been coming here for years. They have great seafood and the vibe is very relaxed/comfortable. They offer $1 oysters during happy hour and the oysters are super fresh. Ive tried many dishes here -their signature lobster feast, octopus salad, grilled calamari, lobster bisque, sea bass, blue crabs etc. Every dish I've tried here was delicious. The food does not disappoint! All the seafood here is very fresh and delicious. They have steak and a burger option but I can't vouch for those options. It is a seafood restaurant so I usually get seafood. Recently ordered the lobster feast, grilled calamari, lobster bisque, 6 raw oysters, one white wine and one soda. The bill was approx $100 including tip and tax.Service: 4/5Everyone here is very friendly and accommodating. The kitchen can get extremely backed up when theyre busy but the service is usually above par.  Ambiance: 3.5/5The interior is small and their seats are not the most comfortable but it has a cozy feel. They could use some renovation. Their bathrooms can get gross sometimes and the restaurant has peanut shells all over the floor for some odd reason.
#REVIEW#Always had Fish down in my bookmarks and ... well, it's always interesting when Yelp and The Infatuation are clearly split. I have to lean more in favor of the positive Yelp reviews than the 5.8 score on Infatuation (ouch). Let's start with the positives. First, the fish market stew was exactly what we needed on a cold March day (there's a peppery kick to it that will knock you back) - load it up with oyster crackers. I could have gotten just this soup, some oysters, and been a very happy camper. Second, the whole branzino was cooked perfectly, though there were still some errant pieces of bone left. I also could have eaten one or two more rounds of the oysters, especially the sweet briny Kumamotos (never been a fan of the East Coast types, sorry), though more than a few of them still had largish pieces of grit. And the calamari was maybe a touch overcooked ... not that that stopped us from eating basically everything on the plate. A lot of things I still want to try on the menu - like the angels on horseback (bacon wrapped around raw oysters) and the lobster roll.
#REVIEW#I came here with some friends and was not let down at all. Their food is really fresh and delicious, and pretty reasonably priced. I got the salmon with I think it was fried salmon placed on top. I didn't really care for the top fried part as it tasted like crumbly dough. The salmon, however, was quite delicious. The flavours were really good, it was perfectly cooked and the portion was great. As for the mashed potatoes, I found it to be a little too creamy/buttery (my friends agreed too). The green beans were good, and well seasoned. My only complaint would be that they were cut too small. I would have wanted longer pieces. Overall, the ambiance inside is really welcoming. They have a fireplace making this spot very cozy on a chilly day. The staff were all nice. One remark though, whenever any of my friends would ask if a certain meal was good, she would reply "yes, it's sooo delicious". She couldn't really suggest a meal for us which was somewhat annoying, as it was the first time we were there. All in all, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a chill date night or a night out with some friends. The food is really good and fresh, and as stated previously, the ambiance is perfect.
#REVIEW#Very nice place with very nice service.  Prices are a little high though. I certainly would say here again.
#REVIEW#I have been coming to Fish for the last 20 years, through all of its incarnations. Back then, they had a giant velvet curtain to divide the front and back section, which is now just one big open area. There have been pockets where they've waned here and there, but for the most part, the food, the service and the quality has remained pretty consistent. And when I started dating Jayson, then my boyfriend, now my husband, 14 years ago, this became our go to spot for our anniversary for many years. Even when he hit some rough years financially, we never missed Valentine's Day or our anniversary at Fish. We don't get back here as often as we used to ... but when we do go, it's always the same, which is not a bad thing. The must have always is the angels on a horseback, raw oysters wrapped up in crispy bacon, served with horseradish and cocktail sauce. Every single word of that is music to my ears. Not as crazy about the calamari. Fortunately, my calamari obsession is long gone. But, these were not my taste.The tuna tartar is always a must have too ... and they do it well.It's always enjoyable when we come here. We can always count on a good meal and a good time.The last few times the service has been less than spectacular, which is frustrating when you're in such a small space and the waiter seems to be attentive everywhere but where you are. Still, it's not enough to throw us off or to lessen what is always consistent and enjoyable.
#REVIEW#Our go to place for oysters- delicious, fresh with little lemon and horseradish and a tinge of tobasco.  The least time me and my hubby were there we also ordered tartar, the fish is fresh, I would add a little spice to eat, but it my personal opinion, otherwise it's a good dish. Overall the place has a good vibr and the food is always good. Will definitely come back for more
#REVIEW#I love this place. Always has great specials and happy hours. Their seafood is LEGIT. Hence the name. I've gotten the lobster bake and some other shell fish dishes before. I love that their orders usually come with fries, and my god, the fries are fried perfectly crispy and the perfect pairing to a mussels cooked in wine and garlic (MMMM!). The squid appetizer is also delicious, super fresh and cooked to perfection - not chewy at all. You should come during the off hours - we came in around late lunch time around 1:30-2 where it was not packed at all (on a Saturday). Will continue to come when I want some fresh seafood :)
#REVIEW#Fan of food, service and genres of music (interesting mix of Mariah Carey, Adele, Marvin Gaye, H.E.R. & Erykah Badu). Not a fan of the cozy seating and loud volume of the music. Hubby and I got there about an hour before our guests so we sat at the bar for drinks and oysters. Note: no happy hour on Fri., despite what the woman answering the phone told me, hence, the 1-star deduction. We loved the soft-shell crabs. Will definitely go back to try other seafood dishes (as long as we don't mind shouting to be heard).
#REVIEW#Been coming here for years.  Their red, white & blue special has been the staple for this place.  Although it's been going up in price steadily it's still a fairly decently deal around this neighborhood.  If you're really hungry, their paella is pretty good also.  I would recommend if you just wanna relaxing place to hang out and chill.
#REVIEW#The food here is pretty good, and they have some great lunch specials! I'm not rushing back but it got the job done. The fish was cooked nicely and seasoned well (but skin could have been crispier).  Clam chowder was also descent. Good, solid meal.
#REVIEW#Found this place walking through the streets of SOHO.  The best lobster bisque we have ever had!The sea bass is amazing!   Best seafood restaurant so far.
#REVIEW#We came here for dinner late Sat night. We started with the New England Clam chowder (3/5) and the grilled oyster (3/5). Both just OK.  We then had the lobster roll (3/5) which we weren't a big fan of the dressing but had a decent amount of fresh lobster. A bit unusual that the lobster was in lettuce that was then in the roll. The fries were good.  The star of the meal was the fish tacos (4/5).  Most places in the city serve mediocre ones but this one is similar to the good ones in Cali.
#REVIEW#Very friendly staff. The food is fantastic and if you want raw oysters they have a great selection.  You can also sit outside at the window for oysters.  The fish and chips were great. The fish was very fresh and hot when it was served. It's also walking distance to the Village Vanguard.
#REVIEW#Just a great simple neighborhood spot for fresh oysters, well prepared fish (had the broiled cod-simple but perfectly cooked), open air with a friendly vibe. Only slight negative was the cut of fish could have been a bit more. Great $10 oyster and wine/beer special.
#REVIEW#Came here for apps and drinks with 3 other friends on a Friday evening and was surprised that we were seated immediately. The place was completely packed at 9:30pm so we must have walked in at just the right moment since we didn't have to wait.We started off with 24 raw oysters, a nice mix of East and West Coast, which were perfect for the 4 of us to split. We left the mix up to the waiter since we wanted to try a little bit of everything. This was a good choice on our part.Up next, we ordered the Fried Oysters topped with seaweed. I had to take the seaweed off of mine since I can't have sesame seeds, but the fried oyster itself was pretty good. I had actually never had a fried oyster before, but I'm happy I gave them a try here.We also ordered the Angels on Horseback - raw oysters wrapped up in crispy bacon, served with horseradish and cocktail sauce. This was easily the star of the night. The mix of textures and flavors here was on point. I would definitely order these again.I also ordered a glass of the house white, which wasn't any good. Skip the wine here. As you can see from other reviews, the food is the star here. If you want something to drink, stick with beer.
