#NAME#Lincoln Square Steak
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lincoln-square-steak-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#One of the best steak house in New York City I considered myself lucky I just have to walk To the place when others have to drive miles Or pay Uber to get a nice meal from this Famous Restaurant and their lovely music in the background
#REVIEW#The beet salad was not great. It seemed to have skin and very rough root, that maybe I should have cutoff before eating. The potatoes had rosemary. That is just personal preference, since I do not like rosemary. My friend's steak was almost all fat. He said there was very little meat that he could eat.The people working there were friendly, but service was lacking. The sides came with no serving spoons. I was not having an entree, only sides, but they did not give me a plate. And they did not come back for a long time to ask for spoons and a plate. The table next to us was very loud guys. They were using profanity every other word, which seemed to make the older couples around them uncomfortable. I know it's awkward, but if you are the manager, you need to ask them to keep it down. Or offer to buy them a drink to move them to the bar. Overall, very disappointing. We had high hopes. It's close to where we live, and the reviews were very good. But I don't think we will be back.
#REVIEW#Eh. I've had 4 prime ribs over the past month and this one was in last place. The waiter was snooty. The sides were bland. And they overcharge for the low quality. To make matters worse, there are photos of the owner with the likes of trump and dick cheney hanging on the wall. If I had seen those before, I would have never chosen to eat here.
#REVIEW#Nice interiors and great service. We were able to get a reservation for Saturday dinner 2 days in advance. Dining room is spacious. Tried the bone marrow, octopus and bacon (peanut butter and jelly) for apps and the porterhouse for 2, ribeye and lamb chop for Mains. None of the apps stood out - marrow was under seasoned and pretty small for $16/18? a dish. It came with 6 or so pieces of thin, toasted bread and we ran out of marrow after 2 of these. Octo was very average, and the phnj bacon was strange. The steaks were both under seasoned and even the ribeye was not juicy/fatty which was disappointing. Lamb chops were great. Tried a few desserts andthe donut ice cream sandwich had BIG chunks of dark chocolate all over the vanilla ice cream - just way too weird. Frozen chocolate does not have good texture and having such a large quantity of it inside the ice cream is ‍‍‍
#REVIEW#Terrible. The quality of the food is on par with the dining room of a Carnival Cruise Ship. The dining room was depressing and 3/4 empty on a Friday night. The service is amateurish.  If this place was ever a top restaurant, those days are long long long gone. I would be surprised if it's still open in 2020.
#REVIEW#it is a solid $$$ maybe even approaching $$$$.  steak is just not affordable anywhere for the average person in manhattan. we sat at the bar and enjoyed ourselves trying small plates and overpriced drinks.  we don't understand why the interior is ALL red and black.  looks like a former chinese restaurant
#REVIEW#Fatos, I didn't forget you! You were one of the best waiters we've ever had! You made our night magical! Our porterhouse was divine and had wonderful flavor and size- the ambiance (in house pianist- so classily done!) was a 10 as well as the service.  The warm staff made us feel important and cared for and we ended up having one of the best dining experiences not even money could buy! I will update with pictures soon- but we are now forever Lincoln square customers! We will be back soon. Thank you! Everyone, you should go! The food is wonderful as well as everything else!
#REVIEW#Just walked back to our apartment after having an AMAZING meal at Lincon!!!!! Yes this restaurant has gone through 3 transitions since we moved to the neighborhood. BUT- FINALLY- they got it all right!!!! Quality of the food has been perfected. We had oysters, bacon app, tuna app, lump crab app - all highest quality!!! Then we had porterhouse, creamed spinach and potato- all top notch!!! Service- perfection!!!! Who are these people that are complaining? Lincoln Square,in my opinion is finally at the 5 star level!!! So sorry it took me 8 months to go back because of the transitions in management and the reviews. This place is AMAZING!!! Thank you! Will be back!
#REVIEW#I ordered the rack of lamb which was two lame chops. The asparagus i orders as a side was limp and over cooked. My wife ordered the salmon which came out drenched in butter, but was cooked correctly. My father in law ordered a filet mignon medium rare but was cooked to medium. My daughter and her friend ordered the cote de bouef at medium rare but it was rare. This quality of this steakhouse does not compare to the classic steakhouses such as Keens steakhouse or Smith and Wollensky, however their prices do.
#REVIEW#Given the terrible service my group & I experienced at Lincoln Square Steak, I would strongly recommend avoiding this restaurant.As a small group of 7, we planned to get dinner at Lincoln Square Steak before attending a 8:30pm show. When we first made our reservation and again when we arrived at the restaurant, we informed the hostess Yvonne and our waiter that we would need to leave by 8:10pm. We all arrived within 5 minutes of our reservation time except one party member for whom we put in an order. The first course came out almost immediately, but then the process stalled. After repeated requests, the main course finally came out at 8:05pm -- and as a result, most of our party did not finish the main course and the dessert never even came out.Given the late hour, we asked to receive the check as we received the main course -- and that process also stalled! I finally asked the rest of the group to go to the theater without me, and I stayed behind to settle the check. Eventually, 2 different waiters brought separate checks. The restaurant charged us the full amount -- including for the dessert that was never served and full gratuity. In the interest of making it to the show, I paid the bill and left immediately.I called the next day and asked the hostess Yvonne to look into the situation; she told me she was unaware of the situation, but promised to review what had happened and get back to me swiftly. However, it wasn't until after 2 follow-up calls that she eventually called me back nearly 2 weeks later -- effectively suggesting that her "investigation" led her to conclude the situation was somehow our fault and that she would not adjust the bill.While I would have been happy forgive a poor dining experience at Lincoln Square Steak as the result of the understandable challenges managing a busy restaurant, I was shocked by the terrible customer service and poor attitude of the staff. I do not write reviews, but this was one of my worst experiences at an "upscale" restaurant in NYC. I strongly recommend avoiding Lincoln Square Steak.
#REVIEW#My new favorite steakhouse. We went there for dinner at 9 pm on a weeknight. Steakhouse decor is interesting. (It not the typical dark wood.)The waitstaff was great. The only thing I didn't like was that they turned the lights up all the way. We ordered cocktails which were ok but the food was delicious. My bf ordered the filet mignon and purée potatoes. He ate all of it by himself. I ordered the NY strip and roasted cauliflower. I ate half of both (because I wanted to save room for dessert.) I ate the rest for lunch the next day and it was even better! We both enjoyed our desserts - Homemade Twix ice cream and banana ice cream. Mmmmm
#REVIEW#Came here with a friend for a nice filet. For starters we had the fried calamaries and crab cake. The fried calamaries were good, but the crab cake stole the show. It was perfect. When you arrive they give you a garlic roll per person that is delicious and warm. For dinner we both had the bone in filet with creamed spinach, mash potato and corn pie. The sides were good and the steak was delecious. Just wish that I did not have to throw away a few ounces because the bottom of mine was completely charred,or in other words brunt. Beside that issue the dinner was amazing. For dessert we had the chocolate  cake which was good also. I would still recommend this place for a nice dinner. The staff was really nice and the restaureant was also really nice and clean in the inside.
#REVIEW#The picture should tell you everything you need to know lol ... really good steak, easy cut and charred to perfection
#REVIEW#Came here with friends and family for a wonderful meal. We had a reservation at 6 PM, because people in our party like to eat early. The place was hopping! Very noisy and kind of hard to hear conversations. I think there were a lot of people coming for pre-theater dinner. Later, at about eight-ish, it was pretty quiet and we could actually hear a conversation. I had a filet mignon, which I thought was very very good. Another person in our party had the same streak cut with a bone in which they thought was better. I don't know, because they did not share any of their dinner with me. So I cannot compare and contrast.Had a starter of calamari which was really really good. All the sides (salad, Brussels sprouts) were excellent.
#REVIEW#Here's my annual review where I admit with modest amounts of embarrassment that I participate in a tradition called "Galentine's Day". A day in which your friends in relationships take you out to dinner so you don't feel alone on actual Valentine's Day at some point prior or post the Hallmark Holiday. Though, I can't complain because we threw down. And I definitely wasn't sober for my train ride, watching the Olympics, and convincing myself that I don't need sleep for energy hours later. The ambiance - beautiful. They have almost magical little rooms tucked away in different corners of the huge spread of a place. One was blue and one was dark red. Like Christian's red room of pain. We were situated near a lovely little mural though of people drawn art deco in 1920's or 30's attire, sipping cocktails, lounging, listening to some piano man and with their nipples clearly showing through whatever shear fabric they were wearing. I couldn't take my head away from it or from the picture of what looked like Adam Driver from the 1970's on the wall, but it couldn't have been him and had to be some kind of doppelganger daddy. The cocktails. Don't even get me started. I clearly loved all of them. Note, I did not try all of them. But there was a slightly fruity one with prosecco that we all agreed was the favorite of the evening. They also make mean grasshoppers if you're into sweet things and I enjoyed The Dottie P. - made with Gin, Maraschino, Cocchi Americano, Dolin Dry, and Orange Bitters.They serve warm popovers to start with, which I enjoyed. You rarely see a huge popover come to the table instead of traditional bread but this also had a whole wheat taste to it. It wasn't as flaky and puffy as I would have liked if it were made with a different grain. Appetizers - TRUFFLE LOBSTER MAC & CHEESE. Hands down that was my favorite thing I tried here and so so worth it. Maybe not the best mac and cheese I've ever had in my life but it's up there and had a generous serving of lobster in the baked dish. Steak tartare - it was good and tasted fresh but I wasn't feeling it that night. I was more feeling the crab cake and enjoyed the sauce it was in. Side of creamed spinach however was my least favorite thing. My dining partners enjoyed it but it had a metallic like taste to it and wasn't so much creamy or had cheese in it but all I tasted was a pungent iron taste. The best thing here though aside from their steak (because hello, we're in a steak house) is their chicken parm which is cut into the style of a round pizza pie. The chicken acts as the crust and a slathering of fresh mozz, sauce, and fresh basil rests on top. Definitely this dish is worth checking out alone at Lincoln. Deserts - Tiramisu was super boozy tasting. But the winner desert to get is their warm chocolate souffle. Don't screw this up. I've instructed you well, young padawan. Now go hither and check out Lincoln's Square Steak.
#REVIEW#We love LSS. We often come here to celebrate birthdays in both the main dining room and the private dining rooms. In the past, everything from food to service was outstanding. Last night, however, we were seated in the main dining room.... next to a picture of Trump hanging on the wall. We don't go to a restaurant to have the owner's politics forced on us while we eat -- especially when those politics are so harmful and divisive. We'll definitely think twice before dining here again.
#REVIEW#Total disappointment!! My husband and I ordered the Tomahawk ribeye, bone marrow and a side of veggies, the tomahawk came out burnt! We asked for something else instead and the manager came in took all the utensils on the table except one dessert fork for my husband, when the food we ordered the second time came, we have only 2 steak knife and 1 fork for dessert left on the table. The live band is probably making the restaurant alive but the music is a bit too loud to be honest. Second time we ordered bone in filet, we can almost certain that the grill/ stove whatever they are using is not cooking anything evenly, the steak came out the second time was also burnt. Not recommend anyone to eat but if you want burnt food, Lincoln Steak House is definitely the choice for you!!
#REVIEW#Came here for my husbands birthday and we were very happy with our experience. Cocktails were great and the interior decor was beautiful. we had the bone marrow to start. Definitely an acquired taste. I loved t but my husband didn't care for it much. I ordered the rack of lamb and my husband had the tomahawk steak. The only thing I was not crazy about was the lasagna Mac and cheese. I prefer those two things to be separate. Good food with great pricing in a beautiful restaurant.
#REVIEW#Not what it used to be. Food was pretty good but horrible service, which it was known for.
#REVIEW#Ambiance:Classic Italian holiday vibes. Fireplace Piano next to the bar area. Food:Steaks were a good sized portion. We got both the NY strip Steak and Double eagle steak.  The steaks were a bit greasy and somewhat fatty but the not fat parts were good. Brussel sprouts were mushy and tasted like frozen sprouts. The sprouts also didn't come with pancetta but was supposed to. Asparagus was good and simply sautéed with some garlic chips. Gratin potatoes were very good with a bit of cheese.  Was okay but not necessarily worth the prices.
