#NAME#L'Artusi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/l-artusi-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,cocktailbars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Hands down one of my new NYC favorites. Nestled is a precious neighborhood, this food is nothing short of amazing. We went in for a late dinner after seeing a show, and they were able to seat us at the bear (we didn't have reservations). Even though it was a busy night, we had phenomenal service. We ordered one thing from each section of the menu, and in between the chef would send out samples/small plates of other dishes for us to try. The drinks are handcrafted and delicious. The wine list is extensive and reaches a wide range of palates.Overall - I can't wait to get back to the city and try. We always go up and eat our way through New York, and this place will be a must visit moving forward
#REVIEW#This place is incredible, I cannot speak highly enough. One of the best restaurants in manhattan and very reasonably priced.The food is exceptional, the lamb chop is cooked so well. You can really order anything off the menu and it is going to be exquisite.The wine list is great and reasonable, excellent high end atmosphere.The one tough part is getting a reservation, although if you get there early without one you can sometimes get a table.
#REVIEW#My girlfriend and I had L'Artusi on our "Need To Go" list for a while, but life and no open reservations happen, especially with this place, for some reason.  Every time we tried to get a rezee they were all booked and when they did have opening we werent able to make it.  So, we finally took an 10:30pm reservation on a Friday.  We arrived a little before 10pm and were able to be seated within 10 minutes.       First, I have to say the place was bigger than photos led on to be and the restaurant decor and ambience was simple yet comforting.  I will say that when we first entered the music didn't seem to fit the atmosphere, but it slowly won me over.     So getting down to the nitty gritty... THE FOOD!!For our appetizers, we had 2 specials and mainstay from the menu.  The first was a house made ricotta cheese with housemade balsamic raspberry jam and thin buttermilk crackers/biscuits.  The ricotta was like cream cheese - so smooth!  The jam was so good.  When you put them on a cracker/biscuit it was like having a bagel with cream cheese and jelly!        Our second appetizer was the butter lettuce.  Very simple dish but the dressing on it was so light and refreshing it was the perfect dish for what came next...The wagyu beef tartare was #%!@ing delicious.  It was so tender and the garlic and capers (there was more but I cant remember) gave it such a savory flavor on top of the crispy yet easy to eat bread.  It comes in two long pieces and is a special so I don't know how long they'll have it, but if you go any time soon you need to try it.   Last, but certainly not least was the Tagliatelle and Bucatini pasta dishes.  First and foremost, the pasta itself was cooled al dente to perfection. I'm a Tagliatelle fiend and I would say this one was up there in my top 3.  My girlfriend had the bucatini and she loved it.  The sauce was flavorful and the pasta al dente as well!  The portions were perfect.  Not to much or too little, even though she didn't finish her bucatini (she was already full from the apps by the time we got to the pastas haha).  I finished it off for her though cause you cant take it to go and I wasn't about to let it go to waste, NO WAY!!    In all, I would definitely return to L'Artusi to try out the rest of their menu and maybe some drinks! I recommend it if you are a pasta lover!  Its great for groups or for date night.
#REVIEW#L'Artusi is definitely a top contender among the competitive market of Italian restaurants. The food here is exceptional. Highly recommend the roasted mushrooms as an appetizer. The pastas are simply delicious- cooked perfectly with great texture and the sauces are loaded with flavor. The garganelli offers a rich and earthy mushroom sauce and the cavatelli special we tried was covered with an exquisite infusion of broccoli raabe.The olive oil cake is another must-try for dessert. It is light and airy with the perfect balance of sweet and salty.To top it off, the restaurant has great service located in the heart of West Village. I cannot wait to return to try more dishes and continue to be impressed.Keep in mind, however, reservations do not come easy.
#REVIEW#I'll be honest...the hype didn't come through to me. Maybe we were at the wrong meal. I came for Sunday brunch (Easter in fact) and everything was just ok. I had to send back my biscuits and gravy as the biscuits were overcooked so much it was like trying to cut through a hockey puck. What a let down. I got it back and think while it was better the actual gravy lacked character and depth. When I get biscuits and gravy I'm ordering it to have a comfort food  and honestly, it lacked that soul and guiltiness I like in food at times. The pasta was good, we got the mushroom ragu, and while earthy, to me, lacked depth of flavor and a palette that fired on multiple facets. I wanted more and while it was good, it wasn't great.
#REVIEW#We were visiting NYC and had really high hopes for L'Artusi after seeing the top notch reviews on Yelp. It's been a while since I've been so disappointed.We managed to snag a last minute dinner reservation at opening time and were seated on the mezzanine floor. The restaurant was already in full swing by the time we arrived 10 minutes after opening. The place has a great atmosphere and buzz whether you want a drink at the bar or to get dinner with some friends. We started off with the homemade cheese topped with olive oil and sea salt and accompanied by crackers and jam. The cheese didn't have that much flavor but on the whole, the dish was executed fine. Unfortunately things went downhill from there. I got the tagliatelle with bolognese expecting a traditional sauce and ended up with something extremely gamey. Definitely not what I was expecting. Whoever heard of a gamey bolognese. My partner in crime got the garganelli and the pasta was severely undercooked. Even after sending it back, it returned still a few minutes short of al dente. Really poor execution here. The restaurant tried to make up for it by taking that dish off the bill and sending up some complimentary ravioli but that was undercooked also. Don't get us wrong, we know what al dente tastes like and this wasn't it.I appreciated the restaurant doing their best to overcome the execution issues in the kitchen but this was a really underwhelming experience and I won't be back anytime soon.
#REVIEW#L'Artusi does not meet the hype:1. Pasta: The bolognese sauce was very bland. Piccolo Cucina has way better pasta dishes2. Coffee: probably the worst coffee I've ever had at an restaurant. Extremely bitter3. Service: pastry basket did not come with butter knife; coffee did not come with teaspoon; we were interrupted and rushed by 5 different waiters whether we were done with the meal when we were clearly still eatingOverall - do not recommend.
#REVIEW#A wonderful date night on a quiet Monday.The ambience of this restaurant is very classy and tasteful.I enjoyed the wonderful and delicious food here.Must order the roasted mushroom, hanger steak and olive oil cake! The potatoes and the fluffy whipped cream served with the steak was very memorable.The service was amazing and the food came out in a timely manner.Would definitely come back for a girl's night or brunch!
#REVIEW#This place used to be such a lure for me. But after I finally tried it, I think I can only give it 3.5 stars. The line outside was insane, we got there at 5:40pm and there were already a bunch of people waiting. When it got to us, it unfortunately didn't have availability for walk-ins. The earliest bar seating was 1 hr wait and table was 2.5 hrs. Bar seating, fine. I ordered Bucatini and Texas Mimossa. Pasta, as one of their selling points, tastes so so. At least not worth the hassle. The sauce is a mix of spicy and tomato sauce. Drinks were very strong. Dessert was really good.
#REVIEW#One of the best Italian spots in the city. Impeccable service, beautiful interior, and tastefully crafted dishes. We ordered nearly all the pastas but it was really the buttered crackers with jam and cheese that blew me away (on the house served as an appetizer). The rest:- rabbit gnocchi: worth the order- ravioli pyramide: my FAVORITE pasta dish, the walnut and ricotta combo are everything - spinach gnudi: wasn't a fan of the ground turkey and pasta combo - olive oil cake: dessert person or not--just get it, you won't regret it
#REVIEW#I was extremely disappointed with this place. There's so much hype with this restaurant and we couldn't even get reservations until 11 PM. I was so excited for this restaurant and there are so many reviews that say this place is amazing. We got the octopus and the scallops, and to be honest, I was pretty let down from the first bite. The octopus was well seasoned and slightly spicy, but it was so tough and rubbery as if it were over cooked or old octopus. The scallops weren't bad, but they weren't what I expected them to be. They're not your warm cooked, buttery and rich scallops, these were sashimi style with a citrusy note to them. It wasn't what I wanted, but I wouldn't say it's bad. I just wish I had known it wasn't the cooked version since that was what I was envisioning. As for the pastas we got the garganelli and pici. The garganelli looked like a plate of cheese. The pastas were cooked very well and had that al dente chew, but the taste was just really nothing special. I've had better in the city and I was expecting this one to exceed as people consider this to be one of the best pasta places. The service and prices were very good though and the restaurant is very cute on the inside, but the food was just not the level I expected it to be.
#REVIEW#So amazing and definitely worth coming here. We ordered the following:-beef carpaccio: this was amazing. Such great flavors-homemade ricotta special: the apricot jam that came with this was amazing and the crackers were great. I would definitely recommend this-spinach gnudi: this was a special of the night, but i was hoping that the pasta would be a little bit lighter and less dense -spaghetti with garlic, Parmesan and chilies: this was amazing and my favorite pasta dish-Garganelli with mushroom ragu: the ragu was great but the pasta was a little too al dente -rocky road sundae: this was amazing! I would definitely recommend.Overall, this was an amazing restaurant
#REVIEW#TL;DR: my friends are obsessed and so am I. If you can't get a reservation at Lilia (which is my #1) L'Artusi is a good second option to satisfy your premium Italian craving. $$$$ so go for a special occasion, or when you're feeling like treating yourself on  a weekday.The wait, as everyone probably will tell you, is no joke. I got lucky one night when there was only a 20 min wait for a bar spot but usually it's upward of 1-2 hours. Things I love: EVERY SINGLE PASTA. The appetizers are fine, the desserts are fine - highlights are the mushroom app and the olive oil cake - but when you enter this establishment you need to pass everything and GO FOR PASTA. Seriously you cannot go wrong with any of the pastas. Even the plain spaghetti is out of this world.Expect to spend at least $50-$100 per person unless you limit yourself to one pasta a person (boo, no fun)
#REVIEW#My wife and I are so happy we could get into L'Artusi for our last night visiting NYC.   We got lucky and called around 3pm and were able to get a table that evening.  This place is everything and more.  5 stars all the way around.   Our waiter Anthony was super attentive and helped us pick our trio of cheeses which we followed up with the beef carpaccio.   At this point we were looking at each other in shock of how spectacular everything was.  Sean was also working with Anthony and checking in on us throughout the meal.  Sean was super friendly and took the time to visit with us which was a treat.  Our pasta was the Garganelli with the mushroom ragu and that was spectacular also.   We could not have had a better last meal in NYC to celebrate our wedding anniversary.   So thankful to meet Anthony, Sean and dine at L'Artusi.
#REVIEW#Believe in the hype. If on a lucky midnight (on the dot) you are near your computer, logged on to Opentable, and snag a reservation for 30 days out... you'll be patting yourself on the back on the day you come here. At least that was my journey to my first L'Artusi experience.Here's what I thought of the items we ordered:1. The roasted mushroom: it sounds so simple but it is really such an ingenious dish. The mushroom is sautéed with green vegetables and aromatic herbs, then topped with an egg! Who would've thought that?! My mom and I were super impressed. It is SMALL so I would order one per person.2. The spaghetti: L'Artusi's spaghetti recipe needs to be patented. I swear to god this is the best spaghetti in the world. Upon tasting this I finally understood what good pasta really meant.**i would note that the first time the spaghetti dish came out, it was undercooked. The waiter pushed back pretty strong saying that's the way the texture should feel. We said fine, and ordered Pici, a red pasta dish with rabbit. The kitchen took the spaghetti back, realized it was indeed undercooked, and cooked us a new dish properly and complimentary for the table. Thank you for the really great service**Pici: as noted above, we ordered a second pasta dish. Was nowhere nearly as astounding as the spaghetti, but still very good and satisfying. Very generous with the rabbit ragu. Roasted chicken: this is definitely a dish to split. Half is chicken breast and other half is chicken thigh, I believe. I would not say this is a remarkable dish but still cooked well - very crispy outside and moist and tender inside, and accompanied by delicious reduction sauce and mushroom.I would order all the above all order again, especially the spaghetti. L'Artusi seriously sets the bar
#REVIEW#We sad in a booth in the front room closest to the door. Our waiter (tall guy with the man bun) was really nice and there were two or three bus boys helping us throughout.meal was well paced and service was attentive.  I only wanted one cocktail and he was not pushy at all! I got their play on a Moscow mule. VERY strong ginger flavors.Ordered: Pecorino CHEESE with candies nuts. (only thing I forced) the octopus, and then my boyfriend picked tagliatelle and steak My bf got pecorino cheese which came with crackers and candies nuts. The nuts were delicious, I don't eat cheese. I got the octopus, while delicious I will say it looked like the table next to us got a larger portion (or more potatoes because theirs was piled high) We also got tagliatelle and the hanger steak. No complaints all around! All I can say is there was a small steak to potato ratio, but the bit of steak that was on the plate was delicious.  the meal was MUCH better paced this time. The cheese cake first, then octopus was brought same time and brad wanted them to leave the cheese and they didn't take it. Then pasta and steak same exact time which I don't think is bad?4.5 all around round up to 5 for the overall pleasant and great experience.For the cheese, octopus, tagliatelle hanger steak, two beers, 1 cocktail the total was $117 which is not bad at all for NYC standards!!
#REVIEW#Wow, this place truly lived up to its ratings because I still can't forget the texture of the Tagliatelle. This was probably the best pasta I've ever had in NYC and it was well worth the one month wait since making the reservation. I would highly recommend coming here and trying out the entire pasta menu because every dish had the most insane and satisfying flavor profile. 10/10 would come back!
#REVIEW#My absolute favorite restaurant ever. Although it's so impossible to get a reservation, it's worth the wait. The ambience is perfect for a romantic date. The spaghetti pasta is the best dish EVER. And the cheese board is my second favorite. The chef also gives complimentary dish sometimes and I've always enjoyed it. Great for vegetarians too!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite restaurants in NYC.  I've only ever eaten at the bar because I'm terrible at making plans.  The service and hospitality is top notch.  You put your name down and they text you when your seats are available.I order the Mushroom Garganelli every single visit.  Wagyu Beef Tartare is a special that I've had every time it is offered.  Frankly, I've never ordered something that disappointed.  Can't recommend enough.
#REVIEW#L'Artusi is an upscale, dark Italian restaurant. But our meal started off on a bad foot and the small portions didn't wow me. Our first impression of this restaurant started with walking inside past a worker taking the trash out the front door.  It was smelly (as trash usually is), and severely unappetizing as we were walking in to have a meal.  Then, as we waited for a table despite having a reservation, that same worker with the same trash can (now emptied but still smelly) waited at the hostess stand to squeeze past exiting customers.  The next disappointment?  After waiting for a good 20 minutes past our reservation, we were seated at a table for 8 when there were just two of us.  It felt awkward but we were told our only other option was the bar.  Why did we bother making a reservation and waiting until 11pm to have dinner?We were hungry so we stuck with it and ordered the spaghetti and bolognese bianco, both gluten free. They were both okay, but nothing to write home about, and the portions were tiny. As we sat waiting for our meals, the other people around us were talking so loudly, we could barely carry on a conversation.  L'Artusi wasn't the special occasion restaurant I'd hoped for, and we left, still hungry, and grabbed a pizza down the street.
