#NAME#The Seafire Grill
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-seafire-grill-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,steak,bars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#My husband and I had dinner here on our honeymoon. Gesti was our waiter and he was very knowledgeable about the menu and had wonderful recommendations. He was also very attentive, along with the rest of the staff. We started with oysters, steak tartare, and the scallops. My husband had the halibut and I got the tuna for our main entrees. We ended the meal with the chocolate molten lava cake and the creme brûlée. Everything was amazing. However, the three things that stood out the most was the scallops, gnocchi (a side that came with the halibut), and the chocolate molten lava cake. If they're willing to serve their lemon gnocchi as a side you should try it. I highly recommend this as a place to eat.
#REVIEW#We celebrated my hubby's birthday here. Had dinner reservations but came in early as we wanted to do happy hour. They let us stay in one of the high tops so our two underaged kids could sit with us. Drinks were half-off until 7 pm (wine and beer)! We moved to our table when my older son arrived. Service was impeccable! I had the swordfish which was a good size (actually too big for me so I shared it with my hubby), my vegetarian daughter had a vegetable pasta (she loved it!) and the boys had the porterhouse for two, with lobster Mac and creamed spinach on the side. Everything was delectable!For dessert, they honored a yelp offer of free creme brûlée which they served with a song, plus a limoncello and port wine for us to toastOverall, a lovely evening!
#REVIEW#Came to Seafire with my parents to celebrate my mom's birthday and we had an incredible time. The service was impeccable from the start. We were swarmed by the staff that got us everything we wanted. Our waiter, Jaime, was fantastic. He was both helpful and attentive but, most importantly, very friendly and entertaining.Two of us got the filet and both were cooked perfectly to our requests. The sides were great too - lobster mac and cheese, truffle mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts. We also got dessert - cheesecake w/ blueberries, key lime pie and pecan pie (with a candle and birthday chocolate) - with which we were given complementary port wine. Everything was delicious!!!I would absolutely recommend Seafire Grill to anyone looking for reasonably priced "fine dining" with both steak and fish options and a great/extensive wine list.And one more shout out to our awesome waiter Jaime. If I were to return I will definitely be asking for him to serve us again! He made the experience even better than we expected.Overall great experience!
#REVIEW#Amazing  steak and seafood restaurant in midtown east, you get the best of both worlds, one of the best steaks I have been to in Manhattan and I have been to quite a few nice steakhouses in NYC. The steaks are at least 60Days aged so the steaks - porterhouse, NY strip with bones are very flavorful, highly recommend this place, definitely a great place to bring a date and parking lots are near by and parking is best on the weekends. Bike stations are right across the street. They take cash or credit and take reservations.
#REVIEW#Amazing experience here. A quick tip from a friend said if you have 5 people...there are only a couple tables that are five tops and sit by the fireplace in this shotgun styled restaurant. Crab cakes and Steak tartare for appetizer to start things off and everyone was blown away. Tartare had a small quail egg in center. Presentation was spot on. All of us ordered steaks, as we are from Midwest it was still hard to pass up. One of the best bone in ribeyes I have had. Friend got the strip which they pre cut and show the temperature of the hot plates by touching a piece of the strip on the plate to hear a quick siZzle. Family style sides were all very good. Creamer spinach, truffles taters and lobster Mac and cheese. The noodles were slightly firm in the Lobster Mac which I liked for this certain dish. One spot I'll be back too!
#REVIEW#It was a very pleasant evening.  The food and service was excellent.  Definitely coming back.
#REVIEW#Fantastic bar. Talented bartenders that remember you name and drink. Local flavor. Fantastic halibut & Montauk Swordfish. The best kept secret is $1.50 oysters every day during happy hour and they are fresh. My kind of place...
#REVIEW#Where to begin, This is a great Sea food restaurant. Honestly, the best I've patronized. The food was delicious!! The Service was outstanding. I would recommend The Sea Fire Grill for every and all occasions.
#REVIEW#Back again for a revival.  The experience as exquisite as always. The octopus and bisque were terrific as was the service and ambience. As you can see from the pictures this was an exceptional evening.   Amex the manager and Milot our server were phenomenal. Nice to be back!!!
#REVIEW#I would say best steak I ever had it was delicious flavorful made to perfection ! We were so hungry when we got in we skipped appetizers and went straight for the full course! I ordered the filet with fries lobster Mac n cheese and mashed potatoes. All shares amongst our group. The service was great as well I will be back on my next round to New York for sure !
#REVIEW#Oh wow. First off, I loved the atmosphere of rustic meets elegance. So tastefully done. Secondly the food was perfection. The sea bass I had was delicious. It was part of the theatre pre fix menue. The wine list was diverse and I enjoyed a Malbec. Last, but not least, the service was friendly and quick, but not rushed. I honestly can't wait to go back.The food is both original and consistently excellent.  They service is attentive and engaging. And the setting is relaxed, appropriate both for a spur of the moment seating as well as a business dinner. If there were 10 Stars I would give it that from the delicious food to the warm staff they treated us like royalty. You will not find food as good as this anywhere in the city, this is a must go tooExcellent food . Have been here twice on special occasions. The food is delicious, the ambiance is really enjoyable, and the service is top notch. Both times; the menu was different; and the food was incredible. Wine menu is very nice; although expensive. Would highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for somewhere special for an occasion; or if you are just in the mood for a fine dining experience.Great food, nice cozy environment and the staff is amazing. Will definitely be coming back
#REVIEW#I didn't actually have dinner here, but met my date for small bites and drinks at the bar.It's busy here in the evenings around happy hour time - when we stepped in, it was packed and loud! The bar is in the front and the more formal, quieter dining room is in the back.Service was very quick and polite. I loved the drink there- Love Potion 2 & 1/3 - it was delicious!!! I think I'm going to learn how to make it for myself at home!We ordered the fish tacos, burger sliders, and fries. They are all very big portions, much bigger than we expected! The fish tacos on the day we went were seared tuna. They were definitely yummy but I would've preferred maybe a different fish. They also use buffalo sauce on top, which my date and I felt were overpowering. The burger sliders and fries were as great as you would expect. I actually really enjoyed the burger sliders- the beef had lots of flavor and was cooked perfectly (I asked for medium).
#REVIEW#This place is amazing and the service is impeccable! I'm already thinking about when I will return. The staff is super nice and they are all so polite and attentive. I have food allergies and my server was knowledgeable about the menu and helped me in the ordering process. I ordered the grilled calamari, lobster salad, and king crab legs and loved them all!   This place is all around great. Fine dining at its best!
#REVIEW#Delicious food!!! We ordered the porterhouse, pricey but worth it!! Also ordered the monkfish which was delicious. As an appetizer we ordered the soft shelled crab which was fried to perfection. The sides we ordered were the lobster Mac n cheese, shishito peppers, and cauliflower. The Mac n cheese was the only thing we didn't finish because it was a bit rich. It was still delicious though. Our server Milton was also very attentive and thoroughly informed us of the food in the menu. Overall, the food here is very tasty and these chefs definitely know what they are doing. It was a splurge but worth every bite!!! Oh, and if you check in you get a free creme brûlée!!!
#REVIEW#My bf & I came here for a post-Valentine's Day dinner on a Friday night & I am IN love with The Seafire Grill!!  Everyone was extremely professional which is almost impossible to encounter in NYC. Whomever trained the staff, A+I had to change the reservation 2 times because I got held up throughout the day and they pleasantly accommodated us with new reservation times. From the time we entered the restaurant to the time we left I felt nothing but care from the staff. EXCELLENT staff members in all departments. The wait staff was extremely communicative, the hostess was extremely kind, it was just good vibes all around. I got the surf & turf & my bf had the swordfish. My surf & turf had the most well cooked filet mignon I've ever had. My preference is medium & it was perfection. The size of the lobster tail was skimpy bc they give you shrimp & a piece of crab leg as well. Not really my thing I just wanted lobster tail & the steak, delicious nonetheless. Oh & all my bf talks about is this swordfish so that was a win for him too. The yelp rating is understandable & I will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#This gem in midtown is a wonderful find in NYC.  The food was great and Ari, my waiter, was attentive and helpful. Renaldo assisted and did a great job of keeping me watered and fed. I started with the oysters Rockefeller and a Manhattan. The salmon I ordered was cooked to perfection and served with black rice - excellent. I had a glass of California Pinot Noir and ended the evening with cream brûlée and coffee. A perfect me in the city that never sleeps. Enjoy. Next time I am here i will try the steaks - but being from Chicago they will have to be outstanding to make get a good review!
#REVIEW#Yesterday was my husband's three year sober anniversary, which is a pretty big deal, seeing that it took him 18 years to get there. We eat out quite a bit, and he tends to be a bit picky.  I wanted to find the right place to have a nice dinner. The last thing I wanted was to have dinner be an epic fail. But, I also like taking risks, so I chose the Sea Fire, even though we'd never been there. This has been on my list to check out. And, it did not disappoint.When we first arrived, I admit, we both had panic in our eyes. You walk in to the bar area, which, to me felt like a restaurant still clinging to its 70s/80s old New York roots. It definitely didn't feel like a first class restaurant or what I was expecting. Jayson was minutes from suggesting we go elsewhere. But it was also very misleading, because once you walk past the bar area, you're into a beautiful, elegant and inviting dining room that invokes a "now, this is what I'm talking about," feeling.There are two dining rooms. One's a bit on the dim side, and very simply stated. The other is stunning, with its open fire place across the room, and tables filled with guests enjoying fine wine and gourmet fare.The service was outstanding. From the waiters to the back waiters and the maître d', everyone was in fine form, and at the top of the game. They were extremely attentive, without being overbearing, and always going the extra step to make guests are happy.I say this a lot, but it's true. Many times when a server finds out we don't drink, we get forgotten about. So I appreciate restaurants like this, which have a huge wine catalog, and get a large dining crowd who spend a lot on their wines and drinks, which doesn't treat us with any less attention because we are a sparkling water drinking table.In fact, I actually forgot about that until after we left, it was that much of an non-issue.There were a couple of choices I didn't care for. We started off with a half a dozen oysters. I'm a huge oyster guy. It's become an addiction. And I was not crazy about the ones here. They just weren't particularly good, and I was pretty disappointed with that. I expected more, especially given that they were at market price. I never ever leave an oyster, especially if I've only ordered a half a dozen. It was a push to eat the five I did. They were that unappealing. And, who serves horseradish that tastes like dried grass?I then had the steak tartare, which was just phenomenal. Jayson had the lobster burrata, which was leaps and bounds from any other we've had. Jayson's eyes watered up with pure ecstasy with each bite, and that's not an exaggeration. He said it was the best burrata he's ever had. And this is a man who knows his cheeses, and is often picky with the way places serve their burrata. It was a mouthful of pure delight.He had the seared pressed duck. It was one of the daily specials, and it was cooked just right, and mouthwatering.I had the seared tuna, which wasn't my favorite. I actually didn't like it at all and sent it back, which I'm loathe to do. What happened next, completely caught me off guard. The manager instantly came over and expressed genuine concern that my tuna was not to my liking, and tried to making things right, which I declined because everything was right and exceptional. One dish that didn't sit well with me at this restaurant didn't remotely bother me because I was certain it was not a common thing. Plus, everything had been great. Still, that is the sign of good management, good restauranting and an example of what sets certain places apart from the rest. I was very impressed, and I'm not often or easily impressed.But truly everything was exceptional, especially the service, which is as important as anything else.OMG, the desserts. I'm not a sweets guy or a dessert person. But I tasted Jayson's passion fruit panna cotta and it was so sumptuous. He also ordered something with espresso ice cream. I didn't taste it, but let's just say his dish was empty pretty quick.I highly recommend.This is one of those moments where I wish Yelp had half star options, as this is definitely closer to a 4 1/2 experience. Unfortunately, for me, the tuna and the oysters, especially the oysters, cost them a little on the star.
#REVIEW#Had an amazing experience here a few years ago, came back and it was no different. Pretty busy early on a Wednesday night. Love the whitefish spread that comes with the basket of bread. Started off with a lobster bisque and crab cake. Lobster bisque tasted fresh, and very creamy. Crab cake was big, and full of big lumps of crab. Not sure what the purées or sauces on the side of the crab cake are but the green one pairs pretty well with the crab cake.I had the lamb rare, my boyfriend had the squid ink spaghetti with lobster, and we had a side of Brussels sprouts and lobster Mac n cheese. The lamb was cooked rare as I requested, very juicy and fresh. The broccoli rabe side it came tasted garlicky in a good way. Loveeeeeed the lobster Mac it's super cheese and full of large lumps of lobster. The Brussels sprouts were cooked well, not bitter and had a sweet flavor to it. My boyfriend loved his pasta dish, it was cooked al dente and the sauce was creamy but not overwhelmingly heavy. We were super stuffed by the end of the night, had no room for dessert but I remember their creme brûlée being good.Service was good and attentive, this place is definitely worth your money.
#REVIEW#Had reservation to here for yesterday (5-17-19) actually for 8:15 pm for a late Mothers Day dinner and was impressed. The food was great and the service was as well, we didn't have to wait too long. Everything was so good that we actually gave extra tips to our waiter and the guy who brought our food out as well. For our appetizers, my mother had the Soft Shell Crab and I had the Grilled Calamari which both were good, I liked her's a little better though. For the mains, she had the ROASTED NOVA SCOTIA HALIBUT and I had a Spaghetti and Crab meat dish which were Both great as well. While those dishes were all great, I truly believe the best thing we had there last night actually was this White Fish dip Spread which was served with bread and Sesame Seed and Herb Crackers. It was so good, we were able to get two small  To-Go Containers of it. Clearly, this was the Winner of the night and wasn't even on the menu. Lol. Right now, I think i'll be having some as soon as I am finished writing this which is right now. Lastly and importantly, if you are on any kind of a budget, this is not the place for it. This is a pretty expensive place, NOTHING IS CHEAP. You can pretty much expect to spend over between 200-300 on Appetizers and Mains and drinks for two people. Despite spending that much, this classy place was worth it in my opinion. I would definitely go back and may just do that soon enough.
#REVIEW#Came here twice -- once this past summer to celebrate a graduation and once last weekend to celebrate my mom's birthday. I was very impressed by the food quality the first time I went. As often happens when you have high expectations, I was a bit disappointed the second time around.The first time I was there, I was in a party of 4 and we shared a Rib-Eye steak, squid-ink pasta, and two fish dishes. Everything tasted very good except for one of the fish dishes.This time, I was in a party of 5. For appetizers we ordered the steak tartare, crab cake, grilled octopus, and scallops. I ordered the porterhouse steak this time. While I thought the rib-eye steak I had last summer was on the level of the best NYC steakhouses, I must say I felt the porterhouse was 2nd tier. I'm not sure whether it was the quality of the meat or the "done"-ness of the meat, but the dry-aged porterhouse lacked the "melt-in-your-mouth" element of porterhouses at some of the nice steakhouses in the city.Service was okay.
