#NAME#MUD
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/mud-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#coffee,breakfast_brunch,beerbar#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Best chai latte I've ever had (I asked for it with oat milk, it's great) Went for brunch and the food was great! Can be long waits and a bit cramped but highly recommend for a small group of close friends. And seriously, try the chai.
#REVIEW#Food: We came here for their brunch which did not disappoint! Loved each and every entree. Most of the entrees are traditional brunch items, and all were loaded! We ordered the breakfast burrito, huevos rancheros, and the chicken salad. They were all so good! I definitely loved the breakfast burrito which is enough to feed two people! The salad was also flavorful with the goat cheese and grapefruit which added so much freshness!Drinks: All entrees come with coffee/tea/OJ and mimosa/beer, your choice! We all got the coffee and mimosa combo. The coffee are huge and so good--def need to try even if it's just for the coffee. The mimosas were standard but made from freshly squeezed OJ with tons of pulp (if you like that!). Vibe: Small and cozy with dim lights, though the back had more natural light. It is very cute spot, definitely recommended for smaller groups as it can be quite crowded. The restrooms are even tinier, yet super cute. Definitely gives off a hipster vibe, but yet cute and cozy at the same time.Service: Service was good for the most part. They were fast and attentive even for a busy Saturday morning brunch. Only issue I had is that one of the bussers or waiters dropped water from clean dishes (i hope) on my back while eating, but I mainly shrugged it off since I assumed it was an accident.
#REVIEW#I've been spoiled with having brunch 15 minutes away in the heart of Brooklyn, but on this Saturday morning, I decided to go ROGUE and take a stab at brunch in the city. Mud cafe is a cute brunch spot which is only a short walk from the St Marks hotspots (Kenka, Boka, Yoga to the People). My party of 3 arrived at 9:30am and was seated immediately. The weekend brunch spice is $21.50 (eh a bit steep), but it comes with two drinks: one alcoholic (draft beer/mimosa) and one non-alcoholic (OJ/coffee). I decided to try out the mimosa/coffee. The mimosa was good, not spectacular but the coffee was the drink worth talking about. Not watered down, with a strong coffee punch;maybe I was just in desperate need of coffee but it really hit the spot!We ordered the French toast, Huevos Rancheros and the Avocado Sandwich. With the sandwich, you also given the option of a side salad or home fries, which was a nice touch. I would have to say I loved the avocado sandwich the most;crunchy bread with a hearty filling. The Huevos rancheros was good, but the rice was a little hard, in my opinion. As for the French toast, oh that was yummy. I'm just not a big fan of having a sweet meal for breakfast, but if you like that, I highly recommend it!The atmosphere here is really nice. My party stayed here for almost 2 hours and we didn't feel rushed to leave at all! The only real unpleasant experience we had here was the bathroom. It is SO small and not very clean. I am 5'6 and ~125 lbs and when I used the restroom, my head almost touched the sink. Just imagine what some other customers have to go through. (´･_･`)
#REVIEW#What an amazing little hole in the wall! Popped in here this morning and was not disappointed! The staff was super friendly, recommending the huevos rancheros with queso fresco which made up in flavor that which it lacked in presentation - thumbs up!! I read another user or a variation of a chai latte, so I ordered a dirty chai with oat milk... wow! Mud has a cute and comfortable back patio to eat on and the decor is lively. Recommend!
#REVIEW#We came here on a rainy Friday night (around 730) and were seated very quickly. We started with iced tea and had ordered the grilled cheese with bacon and jalapeño, and an avocado sandwich with a fried egg. The grilled cheese was delicious and my boyfriend had made a comment that it was probably the best grilled cheese he had ever had. The tomato soup was good and sort of tasted like marinara sauce. I enjoyed the avocado sandwich but there was sooo much arugula and not enough of everything else, it overpowered the sandwich and that was all I could taste. It was good, but nothing in comparison to the grilled cheese! I feel like if I were to go back I would love to order one of their brunch specials or order the grilled cheese again, because that was pretty bomb.
#REVIEW#Wonderful small spot in East Village. It's small and unassuming and serves breakfast all night. I mean does it really ever get better than that? I came by for dinner and got their Breakfast Quesadilla. It was absolutely delicious and honestly, I loved the small and communal vibe! MUD is such a special place and I know I'll be back often!
#REVIEW#Solid hole in the wall kind of joint. I didn't love my cup of coffee (more earthy than my preferred roast) but it was exceptionally smooth. Despite having a small kitchen, the breakfast options are tasty & the portions are generous. I wouldn't wait for long for a table, but if you're passing by and it's not too busy, it's a solid option! I'd say stick with their coffee, that's their specialty.
#REVIEW#Waited a while for a table during brunch times, but not too long. The inside seating is quite dim, but the back area is well lit from natural sunlight. We opted for any table that was free first, because the outside seating tends to be more popular. They have a brunch special for $21.50 where you can get a mud coffee and another drink of your choice (orange juice, mimosa, or draft beer) with your meal.Ordered:- Almond Crusted Sour Dough French Toast - pretty good, comes with berries and banana and maple syrup. Not the best french toast I've had, but it was different in a good way. The almonds were a great touch to it. (4/5 rating)- Mud Drip Coffee - love that they serve the coffee in mugs, made it feel really cozy. Coffee was good, I ordered it with oat milk, but they also have other dairy free options to choose from (3.5/5 rating)- Mimosa - not too strong, was good (4/5 rating)- Omelette with mushroom, tomato, jalapeño with rice and beans - really filling! the omelette is pretty big, you get to choose 2 mix ins, but can add a max of 4 things. (4.5/5 rating)
#REVIEW#So good! All day breakfast. Shared the breakfast burrito and the French toast. Highly recommend both of those! Good prices and great service. Everything is super quaint and cute too!
#REVIEW#Mud is a beautiful brunch spot with flavorful, tasty food and large portions. We were seated outside and it was a beautiful space with a breeze. The food was perfectly flavored and exactly what we needed. Hearty, but not too heavy, and delicious! Can't rate them highly enough.
#REVIEW#Pretty solid brunch with reasonable prices. My friend and I came around 11 on New Years Eve and we were seated immediately. The line can be a bit confusing since some people take coffee to go, so make sure you make your presence known if you're waiting for a table. The space is really cute and well decorated--the back of the restaurant has the feel of an outdoor patio but it's actually enclosed, so it's not too cold even in the winter. Our waitress was very attentive and came over right away to take our drink orders. The brunch is 21.50 and includes food, a mimosa, and coffee, which is pretty cheap compared to other places, especially since it includes the mimosa. I ordered the huevos rancheros, and was overall pretty satisfied with them. The eggs were perfectly cooked and served topped with a flavorful, spicy sauce and plenty of cilantro. The only thing I didn't love about my dish was that the rice and beans that it came with were totally plain and unseasoned--it didn't ruin the dish or anything, but I think that seasoning them would make the dish quite a bit better. My friend had an omelette and said it was good too. I plan on coming back, but I'll probably try something different next time--someone at the table next to mine had the smoked salmon bagel and it looked delicious.
#REVIEW#A very sweet hole in the wall brunch spot. The back seating is in a sun room. It's very cozy. When we went the menu was prefix which was $21 for a mimosa, coffee and meal. The menu you is creative and interesting. I got an omelet with caramelized onions and goat cheese, home fries and sour dough toast. It was all delicious and fresh. Their coffee was impeccable. There is not a ton of seating so I am sure it gets crowded on weekends.
#REVIEW#So this was my first time going to the actual restaurant. Normally I get my latte from the truck when it's by the flatiron building, but I was in the area and said why not. It's a spacious spot with huge benches at the bar; which is great for the aesthetic, but not so much when you need to pull out the entire bench (seating 2-3) to sit down. Let me say the latte was disgusting and short. Paired with the waitress' attitude, I knew that was my last time going there. The 2 stars belong to the slim host that was seating ppl in the restaurant area. She was genuinely courteous.
#REVIEW#Interior - 4/5 there's a colorful and fun indoor garden/seating area in the back and I enjoyed the natural lighting while I ate. Such a contrast from the rest of the restaurant which is dark & very very dimly lit. huevos rancheros - 5/5 it was sooo good. The eggs were cooked nicely and the dish itself was very flavorful.I also got the mint lemonade - 3/5 was very sour and couldn't taste any mint.
#REVIEW#This coffee kiosk in Astor place has a cool logo and very good coffee.  A large coffee for $3.25 seemed to be a very good deal.There are tables and chairs in the public area nearby if you want to sit down.Pastries were around $3.25 each so I passed on that.  The kiosk looks like a dark brown wooden house and I believe it faces cooper square.
#REVIEW#My friend loves these kinda places in Brooklyn but I also kinda hate the service in BK. This place is definitely hipster central but it has pretty good customer service! It's a cute place with its own unique style, relaxing, cozy and can't say i recall any music being played which isn't an issue at all for me! i had the buttermilk banana pancakes which was delicious! The bacon and home fries were also great! Good coffee and decent mimosas although they are on the small side for $8. I removed a star because the bathroom is tiny and has a see through window! You may not be able to see it in the image but you can see ppl sitting directly outside the window from within the restaurant which was uncomfortable on top of it already being a tight fit. If the owners read this please consider frosting the glass more.Overall, I'd recommend this place!
#REVIEW#YES YES YES to the coffee at Mud.  Some of the very best in the city, IMO.  Staffers are always pleasant and the whole vibe here is awesome.  Casual and nice.  I just love love this place.
#REVIEW#MUD has been on my Yelp bookmarks for about a year now after I passed it on a Saturday and the line was out the door. I decided to check it out with a friend on a Saturday morning around 12:00. We waited about 25 minutes for a table. The little lobby never cleared out from the time we entered to the time we left. This clearly is a good sign. The front counter at MUD offers coffee to go, so the door is practically revolving. Those waiting for a table must get the attention of the hostess who moves back and forth through the crowd to write down your name when she recognizes a new face. We were seated in a table for two in the back part of the restaurant. In the back you feel like you're both inside and outside because of the windows and light ceiling. It feels homey and comfortable in here. The tight knit tables and string-light decor really give you that "I'm in New York for brunch on a Saturday" feel. Something Instagram worthy.Now, the food. Yes, $21.50 gets you an entree, alcoholic drink (boozy brunch anyone?), and a cup of coffee. It really is a good deal. I had a big cup of coffee. I love that they froth the milk. The food was 4-star worthy. I had the almond-crusted sourdough french toast with berries and maple syrup. I was expecting it to be a bit sweet or have a slight tang of cinnamon, but it was more egg-based. I finished most of it, so I can't complain. But I will try the banana pancakes instead next time.My friend had the avocado breakfast sandwich with a side of homefries. The sandwich is filled with fresh bites of avocado, egg, tomato, and dressed with a garlic mayo. I don't even eat egg and I had to take a bite. It was delicious. I hope to come back to MUD the next time I'm in the East Village. I imagine this is an adorable date spot, and is particularly cute for girlfriends to meet up at on a Sunday morning. Thanks for the mems, MUD.
#REVIEW#Found this place on a Saturday looking for brunch in the East Village. For brunch, it was moderately crowded but didn't have to wait for a table around 11AM. We were sat towards the back of the restaurant where they have this precious sky light that will make you and your guest glow. I ordered the avocado sandwich with an egg on multigrain toast. Very tasty! The arugula made the sandwich feel extra fresh. My friend ordered the burrito which looked awesome! The one recommendation I will give is that coffee is included with brunch so no need to make an extra stop before hand to get your caffeine fix. Just hold out til you get there!
#REVIEW#French toast is special and huge. Comes with orange juice and coffee. The coffee is so so, maybe latte is better. The bar space is cozy and neat. Nice brunch overall.
