#NAME#Bouchon Bakery & Cafe
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bouchon-bakery-and-cafe-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bakeries,french,cafes#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I returned for a happy hour/lunch over the holiday weekend.  It's a pity that the food doesn't match the service and drinks. My Bouchon 75 was delicious and actually reasonably priced at 11 dollars (only for happy hour). The front of the house is excellently well run, with an efficient and friendly wait staff. But, our charcuterie plate, while delicious, was laughably small. And the quiche-a Thomas Keller signature-was overheated to an omelette like consistency. The Thomas Keller quiche is known for being creamy and light. It is also made in advance and reheated. Unfortunately, the kitchen must have forgotten our portions during the rehearing step. So, I got a Lorraine flavored frittata instead. Of course, our server, who was truly wonderful, made sure we didn't pay for the quiche. The four stars is for the bread, cocktails, and service.
#REVIEW#Stopped for mid afternoon caffeine kick after walking around The Shops at Columbus Circle looking for bargain jackets. Ordered a small soy mocha, two lattes and a piece of chocolate croissant. Coffee was really good, strong but it didn't give me a heartburn like SB coffee does. The chocolate croissant was incredible, buttery, flakey and had the right drizzle of chocolate. Seating up front is limited and fills up quite fast. There's a more formal seating area on the floor lobby if you opt for a leisurely dining experience complete with wait staff and a bar.
#REVIEW#So my husband and I were very excited to try this cafe for breakfast. We planned in advance to eat here in the morning...traveling out of our way. We were seated promptly, which was a good start. I ordered smoked salmon, and my husband ordered scrambled eggs with a toast. Since we are visiting from another state, we had a full day's worth of sightseeing scheduled. We thought we would be out of this place in 45 minutes. However, it took about 30 minutes for our food to arrive after ordering. When it arrived, we could tell that someone in the kitchen definitely forgot to check on our food. My husband's toasts and bacon were absolutely burnt. The toasts looked and felt like burnt brick. It was NOT edible, and I can't believe they even served it!! We had to send them back and ask for a new plate. The server was nice and understood why we had to send the plate back.My plate was ok. The toast was not burnt but still very hard, like a brick. My husband's new toasts were soft and actually tasty, so I knew mine were overcooked or stale. Overall, it was a disappointing experience. Our excitement turned into a bit of a frustration. I wouldn't recommend this overrated cafe, unless you are eating here for convenience.
#REVIEW#Bouchon Bakery and Café mixes the sidewalks in France with a suburban shopping mall, yet with majestic views of Central Park. I can see why this place was packed the duration of my visit. I had the best seat in the house- overlooking Central Park. The restaurant was a little tight, as I'm sure a true French café would be as well. Be careful to not smack into the waitstaff or other customers. I had some fab bread to start and one of the best Cobb Salads in my life. I opted for the kale mix rather than the romaine for some "true greens" but this salad could've been stellar without any lettuce at all. It was heartfully filled with roasted chicken, bacon, hard-boiled egg, avocado, blue cheese and cherry tomatoes.  Pretty expensive at $23 per salad, but I assure you, you'll leave full. Just note that the online menu isn't up-to-date with the seasonal, in-restaurant menu. This is a great option for Central Park visitors or neighboring businesses.
#REVIEW#I dropped into SoHo's Dominique Ansel Bakery a while back, skipped the cronut and went straight for the kouign-amann, which the shop brands, "DKA."Smuggling my treat to Bouchon Bakery (Columbus Circle, in the Time Warner Center), I bought the same thing, sat down, and compared them. The comparison was unfair. Dominique Ansel won the contest by a mile! The only kouign-amann I've had that was better than DKA was at San Francisco's b. Patisserie, where I'd revisit, calling the trip a pilgrimage.Bouchon Bakery's version didn't simply lack the three elements that mark excellent kouign-amann; their kitchen managed something that I'd have thought impossible: they made a bad one.Their kouign-amann was not simply dense, but was rock hard and difficult to chew through; the characteristic crunchy top and caramel goo on the bottom were replaced by an all-round gummy mess; and instead of offering a stunning butter bite - all dairy and salt - the thing was just greasy.I'm all for capitalism,  and I think it's nice that Thomas Keller is able to expand his business. However, such efforts imply a duty for the guy at the top to ensure quality at each outlet. If the kouign-amann I ate at Manhattan's Bouchon Bakery is the best that place can provide, and were I Chef Keller, I'd take the damned thing off the menu.
#REVIEW#Great spot with a view overlooking Columbus Circle.  Perhaps partially a tourist destination, but still frequented by locals who want to spend $30 for breakfast.  The quiche is to die for - the best I have ever had, anywhere!!  The staff is proficient, and the ambiance is classy casual.
#REVIEW#Always get coffee here when I am in the area and it's always good. Tried their macaroons and croissants which were always fresh and delicious. It's always hard to find a table though, always busy no matter when you come, either tourists or professionals getting their lunch.
#REVIEW#I ordered macaroons and hot chocolate from here and it was amazing! It was rich and chocolatey I got a small and wanted more. They also have breakfast here and seating. The wait was a bit long but it's because there was a line of people ordering. This is inside the time warner center mall on the third floor. Its very convenient if you're shopping and want to grab a quick bite. The prices was a little steep but for the area that's how much everything cost nowadays. I would definitely order again. The macaroons were good pistachio is my go to always. The hot chocolate was worth the wait it was very good.
#REVIEW#The pastries here are underwhelming. I love a good cheese danish and I ordered one from here after I saw a picture of one on Instagram. It's a tiny dollop of cream cheese "frosting" in the center of a kind of flaky croissant. The pastry tasted like it was sitting out for a while.The macarons here are just OK. The filling tastes too much like frosting; it's too sweet. They used to have a matcha flavor and that one was my favorite, but they only had the pistachio last time I went.There is never any seating here because of the tourists who come to sit down after walking around Columbus Circle.
#REVIEW#This bakery is worth it for the views! The service lacks of attention and the food was good but not outstanding. The coffee was really good but all in all a little bit pricey.Este cafecito vale la pena por sus vistas! El servicio carece de atención personalizada y la comida nada del otro mundo.  El café estaba muy bueno pero dicho todo esto, es un poco caro.
#REVIEW#Good pastries and drinks (coffee and tea). The ordering method doesn't feel efficient though.
#REVIEW#Great pastries and treats. Would recommend for breakfast or a snack when you're nearby.
#REVIEW#This is my go-to place for quick lunch near Columbus circle. Fast, great view, and the service is always dependable. They put a lot of details into the quality of the ingredients here. The view is particularly stunning during winter holiday times. I would recommend the quiche, dessert, and any of the bread based dishes. I have tried several pastries and desserts here - they are always fantastic. Onto the savory dishes...SOLID:avocado toast - soft toast with generous amount of avocado, with pickled onions (which added a bit more acidity to counter the richness of the avocado) and feta. Filling. Earthy. SKIP:Chicken vegetable noodle soup - hearty but the soy base was a bit too salty.
#REVIEW#... I was not impressed my first few visits.  Felt the service and food weren't as fab as Napa. But THIS time, my opinion was changed.  I had the fruit salad (yea simple), but my goodness it was soooo fresh and there's gotta be something added to make the fruit so sweet. I also had the Cobb salad and was equally impressed. My only complaint...the bread smells so good I'm hard pressed to refuse
#REVIEW#I came here at about 12pm on a Friday. The lunch crowd was all there. It's obviously popular for colleague lunches and business meetings.There are two seating areas here. One area for the restaurant full service, and one area for the bakery. There's a lot of seating, but it goes fast in both sections.I got the Cinnamon Bun ($4.25), an Almond Croissant ($4), the Cheese Danish ($3.75), a Large Blueberry Macaron ($3.50), and a TKO Thomas Keller Oreo ($3.75).The Cinnamon Bun was a normal cinnamon bun. It was good, but not amazing.The Cheese Danish was really good. The sweet cheese custard on top is delicious. The large macarons here are good. A little harder to eat because of the size, but a great novelty and great flavors.The checkout lady was super friendly and funny to chat with.Solid upscale pastries and baked items when you're in the mood for something a little more special.
#REVIEW#Stopped in for a quick bite one afternoon. It was busy, so we weren't able to sit at a table, but the bar was offered as an option, and it was great! For food, I ordered the Shrimp Cesar Salad (pictured) and my wife ordered their take on grilled cheese and tomato soup (also pictured). If you're a fan of grilled cheese and/or tomato soup, definitely go with that! Dipping that grilled cheese in the tomato soup was very tasty. The salad was great, too! I also didn't realize Bouchon brews Equator coffee. I recently moved from SF, where Equator is based, so it was nice to see. It's a special blend for Bouchon. Tasty! I even bought some beans to take home.
#REVIEW#I frequently go to Bouchon bakery and Restaurant in Napa...two of my favorite places to go! I've been to the Bakery in Vegas.  Still haven't tried the one in LA (and i live in San diego!)i have gone to the NY bakery counter in the past (my friend used to live a couple blocks away)....5 star service with that.This experience was in the Cafe part.It started out fine.--We put our name in for a table and were seated within 15 minutes.  Nice =)--our server came..introduction/menu/water...also nice.--we ordered our food and asked her to come back for drink order in a couple minutes--ordered drinks--other tables were getting bread ...we never did.  Not sure if i was supposed to ask...well server was a little tough to flag down. --Food was delivered...not by our server.--we were out of water...flagged another server down to get water (and napkins)--food was excellent (as always)...i took a bite of everyone's! server NEVER came back to check on us.   i had a cobb salad   mister had steak and eggs   boy had grilled cheese and tomato soup   girl had french toast--finished up...--flagged down a server (who was not ours) to bring check.--kids and i left daddy to pay check while we ordered desserts "to go" from bakery--daddy eventually arrived and said that he had to go to hostess station to pay bill since nobody ever came back.--we had already agreed upon 15% tip despite the absentee server and he stuck with that...but i kind of feel that it wasn't earned.*FYI...there were 5 servers tending to the small cafe...i didn't count tables but i can't imagine any of the servers had more than 4 tables.doubt i'll eat at this cafe location again...there are enough amazing places to eat in NY..and my bff who is FROM  Paris and now lives in NY, told me about a French spot across the street that is way cheaper and has better service...i need to get the name of that spot.let me reiterate...the food here is amazing! ...but at these prices I shouldn't be having to beg for water or to pay my bill
#REVIEW#I like their pastries but I had a disappointing experience with their sandwiches. I came here for lunch and I got a sandwich. They were busy so they were probably rushing and didn't check my sandwich before serving it to me. But the sandwich was burnt and it was unacceptable.   I showed the employee and they made a new one for me. But I am disappointed how they could possibly serve a burnt sandwich. What if a customer got the sandwich to go and didn't realize it was burnt until they left the café?
#REVIEW#I just got the log desserts here - was glad I tried it but probably wouldn't get it again. I'm not really a dessert person to begin with but I didn't think this was anything to write home about. It's pretty rich (can probably tell from just looking at it) so splitting one with a friend is perfect. There was a bit of cakey stuff in the log, wish there was a little more of it cause I think it could've helped with the richness of the dessert but maybe that's just how it's supposed to be. Place is on the third floor of the mall and it was packed. Was almost impossible to get a table, we pretty much had to stand there and stalk people who are leaving - and fight with everyone else doing the same. We also went on a Sunday afternoon so perhaps that was why. But I didn't really think this bakery stood out based on that one dessert I had.
#REVIEW#I have been coming here occasionally over the past ten years. Great location, good pastries, nice view of central park and Columbus circle.  Pro:- beautiful and convenient location - good pastries Con:- sometimes hard to get a seat
