#NAME#Boucherie West Village
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/boucherie-west-village-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,cocktailbars,steak#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#If I were local this would be my Saturday mid afternoon hang out. Great street seating, people watching, and brunch/lunch with perfect baguettes, foie gras, steak and frites, French toast, etc. Good service and goo food.One warning,  if ordering a side of any breakfast meat the portion delivered can feed a table of four. One tip: consider sharing an entree.Thanks for a good and spicy bloody!
#REVIEW#So I gave the place 2 stars because of its ambiance alone because the rest of my experience was 1 star.It started with getting plates with old food stuck to them. Then after alerting the staff, even the replacement plates had old food stuck to them. The 3rd set finally had no remnants from a strangers meal on them I guess we should feel fortunate.So here's the worst part, me and my date had the $136 porterhouse, with the $12 frittes to share. When the steak came out I noticed it was well when I ordered medium rare. Now this is killing me, I hate sending food back #1, I hate the thought this steak will get wasted #2, then #3, I'm starving and just want to eat now. The steak was so expensive I decided I had to send it back and get it cooked the way we liked and ordered. It got worse because the waiter first doubted I ordered it medium rare, so he steps to the computer to verify, then he sees I indeed ordered it properly. Truthfully, did it matter what the computer said? It would have only confirmed his mistake, in addition to the cooks crime of cooking a porterhouse well. Anyway it took them over 30 minutes to return with the new steak, while we waited ate the fries, and by the time the steak came could care less about it. It was average by the way.No one apologized, offered money off, a free dessert or anything. I didnt ask but it didnt happen like it would have in any reputable establishment.The bill was high, the food was average, the service and management was awful. That sums it up. The place is clearly propped up by its location, and cool atmosphere.
#REVIEW#We had high hopes when we sat down for our lunch. Menu looked great and solid vibes sitting inside. Those hopes were chipped away at with service that was distant and apparently annoyed with us for ordering food. There was one runner and our food sat ready while our waiter literally walked past it twice to go chat with the bartender. 2 of the 20 mussels had sand in them. The croque monsieur was thrown together and was not hot. Steak frites was like warm as well. Caesar salad was tasty though! We were heading out of town so had no time to send food back. NOTE - After posting this review I received a thoughtful apology for the service issues.
#REVIEW#We sat outside in a sunny afternoon. Ordered recommended duck and filet mignon. The duck was wonderfulll! It was tender and flavorful. The beef was lovely as well, especially with the vinegar sauce.Strongly recommend!
#REVIEW#West Village dream holds steady. 7th Ave. West Village has got to be one of my favorite spots to dine in in Manhattan because it just oozes with that quirky village vibe and loads of creativity / quality eateries. So I did not hesitate booking Boucherie for a recent dinner for 2 and I was not disappointed. Their open and airy interior framed around an opulent bar with a huge gold mirror and outdoor seating is immediately inviting, and their service was top-notch. Their duck salami charcuterie board ($10) was EXCELLENT along with their bread basket containing pickled onions and such. Rousing that pallet. Steak Frites Aux Poivre (Entree, $48) - I don't want to be predictable but this just looked too good and man I loved it. Meat was not big, but not tiny either, and the peppercorn crust & sauce (containing actual peppercorns) was a pleasure bite-after-bite. I even chewed every single cooked peppercorn beads to enjoy that peppery explosion with the tender medium-rare meat. The fries were crispy while not being too heavy-hitter which was perfect for this kind of meal. Scallops (Entree, $29) - Super tender, briny scallops in robust tomato garlic jour. Pieces were big enough to be an entree, but a bit pricey for what it is. Profiteroles (Dessert, $14) - After seeing so many pics of this on Yelp, had to order it and wasn't disappointed. For those of you who don't know what the heck this is (I didn't), it's basically a cream puff, a choux pastry ball filled with cream, adorned with chocolate all around. It's not too dense and thick and went down smoothly, giving a perfect finish to a wonderful sun-filled meal. Everything was perfect - service, ambiance, taste, quality, and the wine pairing. Though a tad expensive, what do you expect in West Village brasserie? This is a perfect place to grab a drink & bite with friends and co-workers, esp. outdoors during summer. I highly recommend this place.
#REVIEW#Came here today for lunch and I have to say their weekly lunch menu is SO worth it. We started off with complimentary bread and I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious it was. The bread was slightly warm and yummy and the butter was also really good. My friend got their squid ink linguine ($19) and I got their sandwich au boeuf ($14). We both absolutely loved our dishes! The steak and greens in my sandwich mixed so well with cheese, horseradish, and caramelized onions. The bread was slightly toasted so it was a bit crunchy yet chewy on the inside. Fries that came on the side were also really good.  The service was very attentive and I appreciated the atheistically pleasing interior design and ambiance of the restaurant. I think their lunch menu is such a steal, but I'm definitely interested in coming back here for dinner to try their dinner menu!
#REVIEW#2.75/5 if I'm feeling generous. I came back here for lunch for a birthday meal, and was left feeling so disappointed by the food. I did order different things from the menu, but the expectation vs reality hit really hard with this restaurant. Could be that Boucherie really only excels at confit duck and steak frites (or just any beef dish?) If that's the case, I'm really disappointed and unfortunately, would not be returning. Escargot ($10): nowhere did it say on the menu that these would be served to me WITHOUT the shells. I legit thought I was getting the whole experience of picking out my own snail meat! Instead, what came to our table was a circular plate of snail meat drenched in butter, garlic, and other herbs. Tasteless and oily - that summed up the escargot. Chefs literally did not even bother to add salt. Squid Ink Linguine ($19): was gutted by this one because for the life of me, I wasn't expecting a tomato sauce for the squid ink pasta (the menu just said "& tomatoes"), and unfortunately, that sauce ruined the dish. The difference between squid ink and regular linguine was lost on me - could barely taste it, and it also wasn't as black as expected. Shrimp was perfect, but calamari was just so-so. Overall, disappointing executive and pasta was a little on the lumpy/overcooked side. Red Wine Braised Beef ($18): saving grace of the meal, this braised beef was tender enough, and flavor was infused that it was yummy to eat. Veryyyy generous portion, but not fond of the vegetable choices. You can see the thinly sliced celery as the greens of the dish awkwardly placed on top
#REVIEW#Since I was dinning alone (read: loser) I didn't order any apps, but instead splurged for the KOW Filet de Bouef. My steak was cooked phenomenally, which I was extremely please about. This special cut was also as tender of a piece of steak that I've ever had. Since filets typically have less flavor than other cuts, I was tempted to order a sauce, but forewent that notion because this dish came with truffle butter. I will say I could've used more truffle flavor and a tad more salt, but all-in-all this was a wonderful steak. Did I love paying $120 for it? Maybe not so much.The atmosphere here is off the charts. Inside feels like an upscale bistro in Paris or Lyon, and the outdoor patio is full of plant life and subtle lighting. I would definitely come back again, but try a cheaper cut to see how it compares. This is a real life 4.5 star rating.
#REVIEW#We were lucky to score a last-minute reservation at Boucherie during the holidays! It's a fancy spot in the West Village that looked truly magical with the lights. Even though it was packed, we were lucky again to get a seat right by the Christmas tree - such a great experience. Ambiance 10/5: I really felt the holiday spirit. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful, and I would probably even have enjoyed it if the food sucked. Except it didn't, which makes the place even more amazing.Service 4/5: Quite fast and attentive, nothing too special.Food 5/5: Maybe I was very hungry, but I found everything to be very yummy! It was a particularly freezing day (at least for someone living in California), so I was creating something on the heartier (and carbier side). I got the linguini, and my friends got a risotto and a salmon. I've had a lot of fantastic pasta in my life, and theirs was definitely on par. Dessert 5/5: We shares creme brûlée and profiteroles. The former is one of my to-go desserts, so I found it to be pretty good but not mind-blowing. The profiteroles, however, were quite new to me, and I LOVED the abundance of cream.
#REVIEW#INCREDIBLE! The wagyu truffle burger was juicy and amazing and I would recommend it most. The mushroom ravioli was TO DIE FOR !!!!! I liked the squid ink linguini! It was good but not AS good as the other two but also that's so hard to measure up to! And the escargot was really good it was so warming and tasty!!!! Drink: Le Mascaret was SO great! Definitely recommend and I tried my friend's drink: the L'Envie and I LOVED THAT SO MUCH MORE!!!!!! Our waiter, Dodo was so accommodating and helpful and really nice!!! Thanks for the amazing experience!!
#REVIEW#This is my first time dining at Boucherie and I had high exceptions... unfortunately I was disappointment.  The reasons I give 2 stars because beside the food... They do have nice atmosphere and decent services. However, at the the end of the day It's a restaurant I am not here for Spa treatment .... The biggest let done is the porterhouse we ordered... we asked for medium rare.. when they brought out the plate with a big smile on the server face I thought things gonna be ok... BUT ! the moment I saw my steak I was like .. " DAMN..." the chef literally cooked the steak to DEATH. It's not even well done anymore, straight up beef jerky!! Once I tasted the meat .. I immediately can imagine what kind life the cow had been through " working his/her whole life on the farm and end up died from starvation" this is how dry and tough the meat taste like..... The other thing I found quite shocking is how can restaurant decided to serve the dish like this?? it's obviously not medium rare or they just try to take a chance maybe the customer never had steak before. .. .. PS : I can tell my Steak was frozen for a while because the fat of the steak is yellowish color and the meat color is almost burgundy. Not very fresh... big let down guys ...
#REVIEW#Went here for a very special dinner on a Saturday night and it was wonderful! We started with some tasty cocktails and escargot - A MUST especially if you love garlic and butter (but who doesn't?!) and you can dip the warm bread they give you on the side. I ordered the steak frites, medium rare - on the side is a peppercorn cream sauce for you to pour on top of it - delicious! He ordered the beef bourguignon which was also delicious, I kept dipping my steak in his sauce haha. For dessert we had the profiteroles - definitely get those!This is such a romantic place or even a great hangout spot with friends for brunch. I recommend sitting outside of the weather is nice! Plants everywhere the air smells fresher haha. We came here relatively early around 5:3 as we were going to a broadway show after. Wonderful experience.
#REVIEW#I just got brunch over there and it was amazing! The food was delicious. The potatoes were so so good, homemade mayo was the bomb. My friends got the croque monsieur and it was delicious, the béchamel was the bomb.com Dado our waiter came through with the quick service and the shots!
#REVIEW#Boucherie never fails to amaze me. My first visit was during restaurant week and I fell in love, which is why I had to come back for a second visit with friends that were visiting from Hong Kong. I had to bring them while they were still in town. Both experiences were above and beyond my expectations. The west village location is plenty big to fit bigger parties and it's also elegant enough for dates. There is also outdoor seating for when the weather gets warmer. Service was superb. There was a little hiccup with my second visit where I was brought the wrong salad, but a quick mention to our waiter and it was swapped out!Now onto the important part everyone cares about, the food. Simply delicious! Both visits I've gotten the baby arugula salad with candied walnuts, the escargot, and scallops, and it was amazing both times. Must tries. My visit was during restaurant week so we limited ourselves to that preset, but had a much more liberal selection during my second visit. Mentioned worthy items would definitely be the tomahawk ribeye! It was super tender and cooked perfectly (refer to my pictures)! Thoroughly enjoyed the fries and octopus as well. Can't wait to go back on another special occasion!
#REVIEW#I was invited back after my previous review of Boucherie with an apology and invitation for a complimentary meal after the lackluster experience I had with my family. I was a bit hesitant to return but I'm glad I did as the service was impeccable!This time around, my party was seated at a different part of the restaurant on the second floor which had more space for our food. I would definitely recommend these seats if you are particular about space. We ordered the steak tartare, chamberlain steak for two, the gratin and the chocolate mousse. The steak tartare (small) was a good size for two - we ended up devouring the entire plate. The chamberlain steak was a generous portion size and came with bone marrow and a side of vegetables. The gratin was very decadent and a good pairing with the steak. I was very happy with the chocolate mousse - it had a good amount of salt and I had to keep myself from eating the entire thing by myself. This is something I would definitely have no problem eating several servings of.At the end of our meal, the manager greeted us presented us with the restaurant's book which was a nice gesture and topped our night off well.All in all, we had a lovely experience and paired with the service I found that Boucherie definitely redeemed itself from my previous visit. This is a solid establishment for a nice dinner out on the town.
#REVIEW#Great hangout place for groups or if you're just looking for a night out with your significant other! There is plenty of street parking around the restaurant. They take reservations but you can probably get a seat pretty easily just by walking in because the restaurant is HUGE. You can also order and eat at the bar too. In terms of ambience, it's casual. Pretty loud inside especially when it gets busy, so not really the place for you if you're looking for something super romantic and quiet. Tables are small and seats are not fancy or anything (I think they were steel chairs?) They give complimentary bread with butter and dish of olives, mushroom, and onion. But the bread was just mediocre, as I've definitely had way more tastier bread at French restaurants. We started off with French onion soup, which is a must. Very delicious! The beef bourguignon was also very good. They gave large pieces of beef that sort've peels off (not small bite size pieces). The fries were just okay, not anything to rave about. I highly recommend the chocolate mousse for dessert. The texture was sortve somewhere in between mousse and cake (ie a little clumpier/harder than mousse). Portions are big. Service is good but just hard to track down your server in such a large restaurant. But they have other staff who come around to refill water. So try to order/ask for everything you can think of whenever your waiter does come around. It's a bit pricey for what they serve but I guess that's Manhattan pricing.
#REVIEW#Came here on our last day during lunch before leaving New York and the restaurant did not disappoint! Having made a reservation beforehand we were promptly seated inside of the restaurant. The vibe is very nice and had an elegant atmosphere, many of the diners speaking French. Our waiter was very accommodating and took our order. I had a bit of a mishap because we realized we ordered way too much so I called the waiter and asked if we could change our order. Luckily he said yes, but he misunderstood me and canceled the wrong dish. It was fine in the end though because the other dish I ordered was very good as well! We ended up eating the escargots de Bourgogne and the la croque monsieur. The escargots arrived first and were still sizzling. The smell of the garlic and butter first hits your nose and hits your tastebuds when you first eat them. It was my second time eating escargot and it was amazing! The la croque monseiur was good as well, but wasn't anything to rave about. Would definitely come back here again if I'm craving French food, the vibe is very nice and feels like you're actually in Europe!
#REVIEW#This would have been a 3 star review but a star was added based on an experience after the fact. I'll explain.First I will say that the restaurant is aesthetically beautiful. Tall ceilings, tiled walls, beautiful lighting, and several levels which allow for a three- dimensional effect throughout the restaurant. You can eat along the wall/windows, in the center amongst a group of intimate tables, up a level on a small balcony, or way up top overlooking everything. The bar is huge and again, very beautifully done. I made a reservation a few weeks ago and indicated that it was a birthday dinner. I requested a window table which they honored. I asked for a recommendation between the Branzino or salmon and without hesitation, I was directed to the Branzino. It was good. Fresh, flaky and cooked well. This is not an inexpensive restaurant. For the price, I felt as though I should have been blown away, especially with the eager and quick direction to order this. With the ambiance and pace of the meal, I was prepared to rate with 4 stars. After the plates were cleared, a dessert menu was not offered yet but soon after a birthday creme brûlée was presented. It was large and very good. Again I felt pleased that they took note of that it was a birthday dinner. So what was upsetting? They charged for the dessert. I didn't order it, I wasn't given a choice of the dessert, and quite frankly, if I DID order a dessert and they presented it with a candle and charged us, that would have been fine. It was the fact that we didn't place the order. My husband posted a Yelp review soon after with what happened along with his same opinion that his food was good but too pricey. The restaurant contacted him and immediately righted the wrong. They not only refunded the cost of the dessert, but they also refunded his dinner. I appreciate a business that has excellent customer service. With so many options to choose from, this helps set restaurants apart from each other.
#REVIEW#I was invited back to try Boucherie again compliments to the Manager. This time our experience was very lovely. Shout out to our super attentive and helpful waitress, Zeina! She help us decide on our entree and gave us the best service ever.When we arrived we were seated on the second level of the restaurant, the best seat in the restaurant in my opinion. This was a lot more spacious than the ground level and we had a good view of the whole restaurant. We started off with wine and bread. For appetizer we ordered the escargot ($25) and mushroom raviolis ($33). I'm glad we had the bread to dip the delicious garlic and truffle oil. The escargot comes out bubbling so be careful not to burn yourself! For the main entree recommended by our waitress, we ordered the Chateaubriand Pour Deux ($120), which is the filet mignon with bone marrow and veggies for two people. We did not anticipate it to be such a large portion, but it was a very memorable steak! If you like bone marrow and a leaner cut of  meat I recommend getting this.Lastly for dessert we shared the Creme Brulee. It was the perfect ending to our delicious dinner. We really enjoyed our experience the second time and want to thank Boucherie for the hospitality and for inviting me back. It did not disappoint!
#REVIEW#Boucherie is a great choice when you want hearty and classic French food. A friend and I shared the steak frites and rigatoni bolognese, plus profiteroles for dessert. It was more than enough food, and everything was very tasty. Easily made a reservation for a weeknight. Next time: would come back to try the foie gras!
