#NAME#Dutch Freds
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/dutch-freds-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cocktailbars,newamerican,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Go Dutch or Go Solo!!!I sat at the bar in this swanky joint as the live music played.  The service was friendly and immediate.  Definitely a great brunch place; the menu has a great variety.  I opted for the avocado smash and as a beverage the Ginger Rodgers.   Soooo good!!!After a squeeze of Lemon on the avocado smash to bring out the flavors....it was even better.Definitely a place to try!!
#REVIEW#A great find in NYC. In a city with a million bars, this one stands out. We fortunately were seated in a back corner so the four of us were able to have a conversation and hear each other. The menu has plenty for any type of tastebuds. Plenty of drink specials and craft beers. Plus very reasonably priced, especially for midtown Manhattan.We will be back.
#REVIEW#VENUE::    The Landmark itself is historic to NY's culture. There is a Live Band on the Weekends. Great Music. Right in the middle of the Theatre District. Great Place for Weekend Brunch or post Theatre play. STAFF::   The ENTIRE staff is Awesome Friendly and Welcoming. Ask for:  Mathew, Basillio, Quivah! FOOD::   Dutch Fred's was surprisingly surprising in the Cuisine department!!! I mean, EVERYTHING on the Menu is good! RECOMMEND::    Chicken and Waffles!
#REVIEW#Came back a second time with my best friends for dinner and drinks before going out dancing. I got the Mediterranean flatbread, my friend got the buffalo flatbread and a plain hamburger. The portions were perfect or plenty! The froze was delicious!! My friend ordered the Black Pearl drink, it was too strong for her. There are outlets everywhere, which is awesome. The restaurant, bar and bathrooms are clean with a calm but exciting atmosphere.
#REVIEW#Came here for a quick lunch.My husband and I sat at the bar.  Lunch menu is really limited - lunch specials were just eh.  Nothing exciting.  We both ordered the burger - and it was just an average burger.  Nothing to complain about but nothing stand out'ish.Bartender was very amusing which was great.If I were to come back, it would only be for dinner (THAT menu looked much better)
#REVIEW#Came here around 7:30pm on a Saturday night with my boyfriend for a pre-dinner drink. We got lucky and a couple was getting up from the bar just as we walked up - it was pretty busy. I ordered the kiss kiss bang bang, which was so good. I was a little hesitant because I normally don't love gin, but it was so good paired with the blackberry flavors and not overbearing at all. Our bartender was very friendly and helped my boyfriend pick out a new beer to try even though it was busy. We didn't have any food so I can't comment on that, but I would definitely return for drinks again!
#REVIEW#Amazing atmosphere! Retro, prohibition style bar With amazing Cocktails!! LOVE everything from the vintage glasses to the detailed decor. Couldn't have asked for a better late night bar to end our time in NYC. Thanks Dutch Fred's for one last extra special experience. LOVE the locals... very few tourists.
#REVIEW#Thanks to Yelp reviews and my trusty "bookmarks," I chose Dutch Freds for an impromptu meeting with a friend. We arrived on a Monday evening around 6.40pm and were seated after a short wait for a clean table near the front window.I liked the calmness of the place. Perhaps things hadn't heated up for the week yet, but we could clearly hear each other's conversations, both the host and the server were friendly and courteous, and the ambience felt nice. On top of enjoying our meal without being pressed for time, speaking for the chicken and spinach salad I had - it was delicious! I also sampled the garlic fries, which were good.The drink menu there is also very extensive, although we opted for tap water. Surely next time, I'll have to try one.All in all, I enjoyed having a meal here, and now that I know how good the food and service is, I just may have found my new go-to spot in Hell's Kitchen! I forgot to check happy hour specials. Next time!
#REVIEW#Being in NYC, my friends and I wanted to find a cocktail bar that created unique and fun cocktails to try, while also just being able to sit and relax. Upon looking at reviews, it looked like Dutch Freds was the perfect place to go to!My friends and I ended up going around 9pm. It was fairly unpopulated, but it was nice because we were able to sit at a table without any hassle. It's certainly a dark atmosphere, with black and white pictures on the walls and tv screens with old cinema on it- representing the prohibition era and hence the name of the bar.Their cocktail menu had a large array of craft cocktails to choose from with varying liquors. They had some beers on tap and had a good selection of red and white wines. I ended up ordering the Red is the New Black which had gin, st. germain, lemon, egg white, raspberries, and lavender. The best part about the drink is that is was extremely tasty and not sweet. My friends and I all passed around our drinks and there were no complaints on any of them. The only downfall of Dutch Freds was the service. Due to the place being fairly empty of patrons, we expected the service to be a little more attentive. We were barely checked on, it took quite some time to get our drinks, and we eventually had to seek out an employee ourselves to get our check after waiting 30 minutes after we were done our drinks. Definitely a cool hang out spot with great drinks. Could be even better with more attentive service!
#REVIEW#Cool casual vibe close to our hotel. Nice assortment of food for snacking. Good service.
#REVIEW#We wandered into Dutch Freds on a Sunday afternoon for a cocktail and we got so much more! We sat at the bar and had excellent service from our bartender. We also were greeted by live music. They were extremely talented, perfect for the vibe, and play there every Saturday and Sunday from 11-2 for brunch! I ordered the Happy Feet cocktail from their non-alcoholic section and added vodka. It was so flavorful and refreshing. My mom had a dirty martini that she also raved about. I also ordered the spinach and chicken salad and it was excellent. The chicken was tender, it was full of fresh vegetables and it really hit the spot. For the very busy/touristy area that this location is in in nyc, the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was really nice! I'll definitely go back on my next visit.
#REVIEW#Really impressive cocktail menu, tasty cocktails, great environment (with exposed brick and rustic modern decor)! This is definitely the perfect spot for a drink out. This place is really popular, so Open Table is your friend.They have a famous Hogwarts Express cocktail, as well as other ones that reference famous movies, like: Willy Wonka, Black Pearl (Pirates of the Caribbean), etc. There's a cocktail for everyone on their two page menu. I really love the Red is The New Black, with Bombay Saphire, St. Germain, raspberry, lavendar, honey, and egg whites.
#REVIEW#My husband and I visited Dutch Freds during a visit to New York.  We were in the mood for good quality craft cocktails, so we figured we would give this place a try.  Fortunately, we were not disappointed in the slightest bit in our drink selections.  I had Red is the New Black and the Dutch's Punch and my husband had the Working Class Hero.  All drinks were incredible, but the Red is the New Black was definitely my favorite. My husband loved the Working Class Hero so much he ordered it over and over again. We also had the ahi tuna small plate which was delicious as well.We were such fans of Dutch Freds that we decided to stop here again for drinks the next day before we headed back home.  We will be sure to visit again the next time we're in the city.
#REVIEW#Phew...I am drunk. Just had the bottomless drink special of Dutch's Punch. It sneaks up on you, fo sho.Great food, except the breakfast tacos were rejected and exhanged for a Huevos Rancheros. I ate enough to fill me so I need to walk the city for a bit.I truly enjoyed the french toast, the chicken and waffle, the Huevos Rancheros (favorite) and Dutch's Punch. I want more as it tastes like grapefruit juice and lemonade then you're drunk.Come, enjoy your time, ignore the bill as it sucks your vacation fund away. Good thing Central Park is free!
#REVIEW#I came here once and the food was good, especially the deviled eggs. I came here the following night to order from the night menu and we were honestly appalled. Our waitress was barely there. The food was OKAY. We ordered garlic parsley fries and they sent out plain fries so we sent them back and this is how they sent them out. They just threw on some leaves.
#REVIEW#Sometimes you run into people who change your life for the better...These people are called baristas! We came to New York City for New Years and we were ready to party! However, before you party, it's important you eat, and my goal was to do just that. Dutch Freds is known best for being a good cocktail bar but I wanted to try those eggplant chips. Since I was on vacation I had calories to burn... Burn baby burn... Our meal did just that! We ordered:-Eggplant chips served w/ clover honey, sea salt. BOMB! -Thai deviled eggs with curried toast. Skip! -Cauliflower tacos-healthy but good  -Buffalo chicken spring rolls with housemaid buffalo sauce and blue cheese. Delicious! -Falafel balls with chickpeas, bell pepper, onion, zucchini rolled in breadcrumbs, Tzatziki, & cucumber salad. Good-New York style fries with an egg on top. Yummy! My favorites were the eggplant chips, the buffalo chicken spring rolls, and the New York-style fries. The eggplant chips are a MUST order! They had a perfect mixture of sweet and savory, almost tasted like a healthy version of a chip. The honey dip tasted like pancake syrup. You don't even need to order dessert! If you enjoy spring rolls or buffalo chicken, it was like a marriage of them both. Hot, crispy, and bursting with flavor. Lastly but not least were the New York style fries. I'm not really a fry person but the cheesy fries with the egg on top was a heart attack waiting to happen... But I was going to die happy! I would skip the Thai deviled eggs. I really enjoyed deviled eggs but these tasted weird. We didn't eat them. The cauliflower tacos were good and a healthy option. The falafel balls were exactly what they sounded like, and   perfect if you're craving Mediterranean food. 5 stars for the food! 3 stars for service, it could have been better. 4 stars overall! I would happily return to Dutch Freds next time I'm in NYC!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday around 11:30am for lunch, and place was empty so we got seated right away! There are St. Germain bottles full of water on all the tables already waiting when you get there, so the water is sort of room-temperature/lukewarm. We ordered the waffle & fried chicken, and the avocado smash. Both dishes were kind of sub-par. Definitely hits the spot if brunch is what you're craving, but I've had better. The chicken on top of the waffles were small, and kind of dry, not juicy at all. Also when it came out, both the chicken and waffle were pretty room-temperature; not hot at all. Also, they put some gravy on top of the chicken, which is delicious, but after a while soaks into the chicken and makes the skin soggy. Pro-tip: ask for the gravy on the side next time! The waffles were also not super special; very chewy/doughy and not fluffy, also very dry. The avocado smash was a little better. My only qualm was that the toast felt a little stale. However, I've heard so many great things about this spot. Maybe it was because we were some of the first customers and they were just getting rid of food from yesterday? Not sure what it is, but willing to give this another shot because I've heard their weekend brunch is great, and this place has great drinks. Will update after I try this place again...
#REVIEW#My friends and I came here for brunch and to be honest we were 18 mins late. But the host was still able to eat us and was very friendly. This place had LIVE MUSIC. We came on a Saturday. We sat the bar where we met Frankie the story telling bartender. He was witty, shared facts about the restaurant and from Cali. Oh and of course made tasty cocktails!!! I would definitely come back here. The place was absolutely amazing and we had a great experience.
#REVIEW#I guess it's fine for cocktails, but would not eat there again. Chef special chicken burger just wasn't that good.  Wife enjoyed her regular burger though.
#REVIEW#There's a very cool vibe here, starting from the bar and even into the bathroom- everything about the decor flows! My main reason for coming was to celebrate a friend's birthday who wanted the Harry Potter drink. We  got that one(Hogwarts express), kinky boots and red is the new black for drinks. I got the beef burger, a friend got the turkey burger and the other friend got the fish tacos. We all liked our food and drinks a lot! Service was good, the only thing is that this place is a bit on the pricey side.
