#NAME#The MasalaWala
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-masalawala-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#indpak,pakistani#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#i don't love when people comment on service on yelp but i have to in this instance. the owner (?) is so courteous and welcoming - and he really values his customers. we were vacillating between getting samosas and he ended up just bringing it to us two for free because he wanted us to try it. besides that, the menu has a great mix of the standard buttered chicken etc. and a lot of other different dishes. the naan is AMAZING. it has the copious amounts of garlic and butter.
#REVIEW#I should sue these people for false marketing.. for a place that has an entire section of their menu for biryani.. this place is an abomination..So biryani without basmati rice? Biryani without raita? Rice that's simply mixed with curry and costs $21.. like really? Taste above all simply appeared to be a rhetoric like most 'indian' restaurants in the city.. in my opinion.. Today I had the worst biryani ever .. that in itself means I'll never return nor will I ever suggest any Indian food loving person to go.. a place or chef that can't get the basic essence of a biryani right.. can't understand the diversity of flavours that exist in Indian cuisine.. be it from the north or the norther frontier!All said and done.. the person at the door was super kind ..and welcome.. and sometimes that's all that matters.. I am happy to let go of a sad and devastating experience on the biryani for the kindness of the gentleman
#REVIEW#After waiting outside Katz, in their disastrous line for 10 mins we decided to abandon and turn the corner. And we stumbled upon this gem. First impression... it was bright, had a few people dining in already, so off we went. The menu covers an excellent variety of Indian cuisine. All the basics, plus a few unique items. We decided to go for something safe and ordered the Papri Chaat and the Tikka masala with naan. With extensive experience in south Asian restaurants, we knew that was sufficient for two. And it was. The Papri Chaat was fresh, which can be an issue sometimes. But here, it was perfectly crispy, balanced, with all possible flavours under the sun. Delicious! The tikka masala is generally a safe choice, but you know when it's really really good. And MasalaWala makes a mean tikka masala! With so many Indian options, let my review help you narrow down your choices. You won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#Wonderful Indian restaurant in the city! We came here for dinner and really enjoyed ourselves. Pretty small restaurant with great service. The owner is very involved and wants to be sure you have a great experience! We ordered the following and shared: vegetarian samosa, somosa chaat, garlic naan, aloo gobi (cauliflower), chana masala and saag paneer. The only thing we didn't like was the saag paneer... tasted kinda funny and not like paneer. Other than that, would highly recommend.*They also had wine bottle specials on Saturday. Almost half off!
#REVIEW#Great Indian restaurant in Lower East Side. I came here with friends a few months ago and we all shared a bunch of items off the menu, including a chaat (my favorite!), saag paneer, a cauliflower dish, and naan. Everything was tasty and well prepared and the service was friendly. We all enjoyed the food and had a great time.The restaurant is cozy and on the smaller side. You may need a reservation if you are going on a Friday or Saturday night. Taste | 4Atmosphere | 4Presentation | 3.5Service | 4OVERALL | 4
#REVIEW#The manager/host is an absolute dear! He would make sure everyone waiting was aware that he was trying his best to get everyone seated in a timely manner, and would be efficient yet kind ("I love everyone here!") at the same time. Service was also very quick and efficient, and there was always someone on hand if we needed anything. My SO and I looooove Indian food, and so we decided to splurge and get:Malai kofta: One of my fave dishes of the meal! The paneer/chickpea balls were soft and went so well with their creamy sauce.Bengen Bhujia: My other favorite dish of the meal! Ultra flavorful and packed full of herbs--I killed this easily as it goes well with literally everything!Lamb biryani: Yet another amazing dish--I have a feeling that all their biryanis are packed full of flavor, spices, and all things wonderful. There were giant chunks of soft, tender lamb and the rice was seasoned just right (I even ate all the chunks of cardamom/whatever was littered throughout the rice). The biryani also did not taste heavy or oily, as many biryanis do. Palak paneer (saag paneer): This was nice as you can tell it was more spinach than cream (often times places do the other way around), though something about it taste-wise was slightly off to me (the thickener they used? An herb?) It wasn't bad, but just different. The paneer was delicious--slightly firm with a very mild, light texture and taste. Chicken tikka masala: I wasn't a fan of this--I felt like there was way too much turmeric for my palate, though I'm usually not a fan of heavy turmeric to begin with (no turmeric lattes for me!) They also used white meat chicken, which I'm also not a fan of, though the chicken was indeed tender to taste.Mango lassi: Yummmmm! Thick, creamy, and delicious with a very fragrantly heavy taste of mango. This was absolutely amazing and refreshing to drink! I think we scared the poor servers and guests around us with everything we ordered, but we did bring a lot home and eat it for another two meals! Overall, this place is very yummy and one of the top places for malai kofta, bengen bhujia, and lamb biryani. Unfortunately, I wasn't as much of a fan of their palak paneer, which is my personal favorite of all Indian foods. It does come up as a pretty strong contender with our fave Indian joint in SF though! I would not mind coming back!
#REVIEW#Though MasalaWala had been on my list for awhile, my husband and I did not get around to visiting here until one Sunday night, we were quoted with a long wait for another restaurant we were aiming to visit. We ended up at MasalaWala nearby, and were seated immediately around 6:30pm when we came in. The owner (I presume) greeted us like we were old friends. The restaurant was buzzing, and we snagged the second last free table.We ordered promptly, and our food was served quickly after ordering. To start, we shared the masala chicken samosas - crisp and perfectly cooked, not too oily. For mains, I had the malai kofta, which was a vegetarian dish of potatoes and paneer mixed up to create creamy, croquette-like balls, in a tomato based curry. It was very delicious, but also really filling. I could only have a few bites before I was full. My husband had the chicken tikka masala, which he enjoyed thoroughly. We also ordered garlic naan, which was presented just after our main dishes, fresh and steaming hot. Neither of us finished our food, and took both plates home to eat. Prices are regular for Manhattan Indian restaurants. I enjoyed my meal here, and the service is efficient and warm, but I wouldn't recommend this place as an out of your way stop.
#REVIEW#Great food. Food taste was great.Why 4 ?Need more professionalism at this place who handle the entry. Person at the door almost closed the door on me.Person serving me was a great guy. Place is very small, be prepared to wait longer than average, may be I am not a local to NYC, this I felt the wait was too much.
#REVIEW#It's a very small Indian restaurant in Manhattan. The ambiance is really cool, they have used different masalas as their decor. The restaurant itself is quite small but do not let yourself down because this place has really amazing food. The only con about this place is they took really long time to serve the food. By the time food arrived, my half of the appetite was gone. I had Baingan Bharta, garlic naan, chicken tikka Masala, and wine. The food was good but I didn't like the Baingan Bharta. It was not up to the mark. Otherwise the food was good. Pro tip: Order Gobi Manchurian for your appetiser, it's really good.
#REVIEW#I decided to check this place out after my research on the best Indian restaurants in New York. I was on vacation from Los Angeles and being that I love Indian food, I figured why not indulge. When we got there we were not greeted and we stood around for a few unacknowledged(which was rude in my opinion). It was raining and our umbrellas were dripping a lil bit, though we were standing near the door the owner/manager ran over to us shoving us out the door pointing at the umbrella. Now I understand no one wants a wet floor but the manner in which it was done was very rude and unprofessional. .Nonetheless, after being seated and looking at the menu, this place has a great menu and the decision was definitely hard to make. We ended up getting the butter naan which was ok but I feel like the garlic butter naan would have hit the spot. The Tiger Shrimp Malabar was AMAZING!!! this is a must have. The shrimp were nice in size, the flavors were delectable and cohesive and you get to choose your spice level to top it off. We also had the vegetable samosas which were ok(I've had better but it wasn't bad) I wish we had more dipping sauce for them but not bad. Lastly, The Masala Tea!! It was heaven sent, very very delicious. .Overall, service here was ok not like I'm use to in Cali but it was decent. The restaurant is small and can get crowded very quickly. Our waitress was attentive but not personable(she did her job lol). As a foodie, I'm always looking for a great dining experience(not a perfect one but great) and many factors play a part in that. Would I say that my experience here was great, no but it wasn't the worse. If your ever in New York stop by and pay them a visit bc everyone's experience will vary.
#REVIEW#The businesses owner is very friendly. There will probably be a wait but as another customer said to me as I waited "it is worth the wait". Garlic naan is my favorite thing here. I also ordered the chana masala and green chili paneer. I like these dishes too.
#REVIEW#Decent Indian food but I wasn't overly impressed. This Indian food was on the pricey side, and for the quality...I probably would go elsewhere. I can see why it does well on Yelp because the stuff IS well made...just not worth it for me. Five stars for the service. My water was constantly full.
#REVIEW#Has the foundations of a good Indian restaurant but the food: didn't live up to the hype. Small servings. Each main curry entree comes with rice.Chicken tikka masala - dry chicken, too sweet of sauce/gravy, too basicLamb Rogan Josh - lamb was tender, pretty goodGobi manchurian - (indian Chinese dish with cauliflower, think general tso chicken but with cauliflower) flavor is there but there is not enough crunchSamosa was free with check in, I thought the samosa was decent, highlight was the side green sauce which was excellent Garlic naan - fluffy, fragrant, goodRaita - too sweet, but good amount of spicesService: good Bottom line: meh pricing,  i think needs more seasoning and I'm still looking for my go-to Indian spot in NYC
#REVIEW#Very tasty food fresh and clean. Very very spicy. Advice: only order mild spicy because that is still too spicy. Great service. The owner was at the store and he was very friendly. I definitely recommend this place. What we didn't like "as a halal only family" is that they serve alcohol and there's a bar.Also there's a 20% mandatory service charge included in the receipt and the food was already a lil pricy compared to others.
#REVIEW#First time trying this place and I'll be back! Good food and good service. Had the garlic naan with chicken tikka. All of their curries come with basmati rice. The garlic naan was thick and had the perfect amount of garlic so that it wasn't too strong or too light. It's one of the best garlic naans  - soft, chewy and crunchy! All of this was the perfect amount to share between two people. The mango lassi was good, but tasted more like a mango smoothie/yogurt. They claim to have the best chai in NYC. It was pretty good, not sure it's the best I've ever had. It isn't sweet at all, but they have sugar available. Don't forget to check in on yelp for a free vegetable samosa!
#REVIEW#5 stars for food + service + decor&ambiance.I prefer places that are cozy quaint with a soft ambiance. The Masalawala embodies all three. It boasts south Asian street foods which opened a different world for me. Ordered an eggplant entree dish that came with basmati rice. It was delicious and had a hint of smokiness that was delightfully unexpected. Extra points for check-in offer. Would come here if I'm in the area again!
#REVIEW#I had reservations for 9:30pm on Saturday night. This place is pretty small so I don't recommend coming as a large group. However, for a dinner date this was perfect!! We got to the restaurant a little early, let the waiter know we were here. They needed a couple minutes to clean up our table and seat us. Since the waiting area was small we decided to stand outside, even though it was really cold. The owner actually came outside and asked us to come wait inside because of the cold. I thought that was one of the most considerate things I've experienced while dining out. Once seated we ordered the following:Papri ChaatSamosa ChaatChicken tikka masalaChicken biryani Butter naanHonestly, everything was amazing. We asked for medium spice level and it was perfect. Everything was flavorful and extremely fresh. What really mad the experience stand out was the owner stopping over to make sure we liked everything. He also hugged us and thanked us for coming. This is an amazing spot with really authentic food and we will 100% be back.
#REVIEW#really good Indian food!I got the chicken Chicken Tikka Masala (Tandoori chicken / tomato cream sauce) . Sauce was so creamy and delish!! I got medium spicy which didn't really have a kick but it's because the sauce was more creamy. The Lamb Vindaloo is really good too because the meat is so tender!!highly recommend!!!!
#REVIEW#Mixed feelings on giving it 4 Stars, but I'll account for great service, ambiance, and etc. Quickly-the service is great. They're attentive and very considerate-our naan fell off the table due to the cramped nature of our table and he was kind enough to bring us a new batch. Vegetable samosa: the order came with 2 and the tamarind and cilantro? (Green) sauce. I wasn't such a fan of this as the samosa felt very doughy, the filling didn't have the kick I'm used to from the strong Indian spices, and the sauces aren't as flavorful as my favorite Indian spot. Lamb vindaloo: this was yummy! We ordered medium spice and I didn't feel the kick, but the lamb was very tender. At first I felt like the portions were too small, which they are for $16-18, but I was still stuffed by the end. Lamb Rogan josh ($16-18): also tender. To be honest. I couldn't taste a big difference between the two, but I think I enjoyed the vindaloo more. Both made my starving belly happy. Our food came with individual sides of rice, nothing you can particularly mess up. Garlic naan ($4): great accompaniment. I wish it was a lot more garlicky and that it was less doughy, but still good. It was so doughy that it reminded me of pita bread, but I still liked it. Overall, I enjoyed my time and loved the ambiance. It can get a bit loud, but not so loud that I couldn't hear my friend. The prices are high for the portions, but when in Manhattan...
#REVIEW#Ordered delivery. Delicious cauliflower and vegetarian curry. The curry could have used more vegetables as it was just sauce and tofu. Food arrived at the not cold but not hot level but I will not let that affect the rating.
