#NAME#Red Poke
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/red-poke-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#poke,korean,coffee#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Love the concept of places like this! Protein serving portions are appropriate and the toppings are all fresh. I would say the highlight of this place, more than the freedom you get from choosing what consists of your meal, is the service. Exceptional service! I got a salmon rice bowl with LOTS of toppings and I loved everything except for the watermelon radish. Personally not a fan of that. Must try if you're looking for a simple and fresh meal!
#REVIEW#We found this place on a whim and were impressed both with the freshness of the ingredients and speediness of order process. Love the very environmentally friendly order forms! My Waikiki bowl was super fresh tasting all the way down to the rice. While being beautiful to look at, it also had multi layered flavors and textures. The Cali flower bites were tasty but I wish there was additional descriptions on what they contained for those allergic. I will definitely be back. Great pre-matinee meal!!
#REVIEW#It's impossible to mess up your order because of the menu sheet they provide. You really get to see all the things you can get for free and things that have an additional charge. It's super clear.It's bright in here and they have good poke bowls.I don't really go out of way to eat poke, but this is a solid spot for it.
#REVIEW#This place was very hot, which was a bit uncomfortable. I got an iced coffee and a Young Sook Lee. Both were great, although the bowl was not spicy at all. Everything tastes very fresh and well made. I would definitely go here again!
#REVIEW#Amazingly delicious! Cute self service spot. When you arrive you grab a menu and marker by the cashier and start creating your own meal. The cashiers are helpful if you have questions about anything. Once your order is in, it comes up fast! Got mine in about 2 minutes. I ordered the Ray Grilled Salmon Bowl. Normally when I eat poke I'm all about the raw fish. I've never had cooked poke before! But I decided to try it and it was delicious. I loved the combination of all the flavors. Very unique. I got the medium bowl and I was more than satisfied. Love to come back and try more creations!
#REVIEW#Busy spot but with friendly staff, excellent poke fish/meat/vegetables combinations and actually good coffee.
#REVIEW#I've been to a couple of poke spots in the city and this has to be my favorite one. What sets Red Poke from most poke spots...is their dry-erase menu. I am THAT person who wants everything in the add-ons section, although I don't know what exactly know what they're called. So by utilizing their dry erase menu, I can shamelessly get everything (mwahaha). I also love how they adjust their menu by what's in season. Some of the new add-ons that I noticed they added included pomegranates and watermelon radishes (tbh not the tastiest veggie, but I can see how it looks pretty for photos and such). Their raw fish is always super fresh...and if raw fish isn't your cup of tea (first of all, what are you doing at a poke spot) they have warm/cooked options such as bulgogi and grilled salmon. I've also been here often enough to have rotated through their bases (rice, quinoa, japchae noodles, and greens) and my personal favorite is the japchae noodles.
#REVIEW#This place is so cute. It was the first place I ate in Manhattan. It is unforgettable and At the time I've been wanting to try a Poke Bowl for a while. The stars aligned and this was the perfect place to try it. Also the little notebooks are so cute!!
#REVIEW#I really enjoyed making my own bowl. The ingredients are very fresh. The only downside is that it is a bit expensive if you plan on adding avocado. I also ordered white rice, but they gave me black rice instead. It still tasted really good, so I didn't have any complaints. I got the tuna, salmon, avocado, edamame, scallions, crispy garlic, greens and rice with ponzu dressing and it tasted great. I will probably try the traditional red poke dressing the next time. Overall, I would recommend.
#REVIEW#FYI: Their ordering system is pretty cool. Their menus are laminated so you can write/circle items directly on them with a dry erase marker they provide up at the front. WHAT I GOT: Seoul bowlPROS: For a place with the word "poke" in its name, it serves a lot more than that. It's more like if a bibimbap place and a poke place had a child, with maybe a few cafe options thrown in the mix. They have a ton of options to choose from, including a customization route if none of their premade combos interest you. They're really stepping it up when it comes to these "bowl" places with not only the number of different selections they have but of flavor combinations. Portion sizes are also decent and definitely leave you at the very least satisfied.CONS: Well...to be totally honest the bowl I got sounded better on paper. It lacked flavor and didn't really wow me at all. I mean, it didn't taste bad but it just didn't really deliver in the way I was expecting. It was just kinda meh.
#REVIEW#What a great find in the neighborhood!  This place is fast, efficient and well-organized.  I went on a Tues night around 6pm and ordering was a breeze. You can create your own poke bowl or order one of the ones they recommend.  Either way, you get to add whatever extra toppings you'd like;  however, some select items are an extra charge.  I opted for one of their recommended poke bowl and added some extra freebie toppings.  Lots to choose from!  If you don't like raw salmon or tuna, you can have it grilled.  Lots of different bases to choose from - brown rice, quinoa, salad, etc.  They make it really easy for you to order.  You fill out a card by selecting from a list of everything they have to offer.  You can take your time filling out your card without the pressure of holding up the line (and getting dirty looks from hungry poke lovers!).  Once your selections are made, simply bring the card to the order line.  In a matter of minutes, your poke bowl is ready!Also, they have free lemon water, which is self-serve.  Cool!All in all, i had a good ordering experience and a great poke bowl.  I will definitely be back!  Very satisfying and healthy meal!
#REVIEW#Decided to give this spot a try for a slightly early dinner.  There seemed like a fair amount of options in terms of poke or grille, so this review is in regards to the poke.  Never had poke before I probably made some bad decisions like opting for noodles vs rice in hindsight.I had the Waikiki bowl with noodles, and a side of the dumplings.  The dumplings were a fairly generous portion of 5 which paired fairly well.  The dumplings were steamed so the outside was soft and could have probably fared better with a crispier fry instead.The salmon and  tuna in the Waikiki bowl was pretty good.  However the heavy sauce didn't play well with the noodles.  This is where I think rice would have been the better option.  Little heavy on the aioli which just didn't seem to pair well.  However I would definitely give this place another try and maybe even do one of the grilled items that also looked tasty.  Maybe given my limited experience with poke the way their menu is set up it would have benefited more by giving me a straight forward choice then having me choose my own adventure.  I would still try again though.
#REVIEW#Healthy choice although it is not self-served.choose 3 protein and it is a lot of protein! Like the choice of pineapples although there is just little bits of pineapples in the bowl. The same with the almond and pomegranate seeds. Anyway, it is delicious.
#REVIEW#Red Poke, like pretty much every popular, min. 4-star poke place in NYC that I've seen on Yelp, does the job, and does the job well. If you like poke, you'll probably like this place. I've never had a bad experience here, but I've never been completely blown away either (in the way it's currently commoditized, I'm not sure if poke can really blow you away in a way that perhaps sushi might).It's almost tiring in a way that the standard inventory of ingredients between these places don't differ much in terms of either variety of quality, because I don't have anything new to say about Red Poke that differentiates it from any other place. The main thing that they have that's different to me is a different ordering system (you fill out a card with your choices with a marker), which removes the part of the process where you tell the poke assembly folks what you want, which is definitely faster and more convenient, but I would prefer sometimes to be able to tell someone, "can I get like a bunch of seaweed salad" instead of just "[x] Seaweed Salad."On top of that, they sell some other stuff, like mochi ice cream and matcha beverages, and for their poke, they also have a bit of a Korean mixed in, as you can get various Korean means and essentially have bibimbap (warm of course) assembled under the poke "model." I haven't tried this yet because I generally would just go to a Korean place if I craved that, but it does look good, and maybe I'll update this when I get a chance.I also appreciate that they seem to be big on customer loyalty--there's an area where you can fill out a card and just pick it up to use as your "regular" order if you know what you like from here, and they also have a standard punch-card system where every 10th bowl is free. Like I said in the beginning, good poke that definitely meets the 4-star floor that seems to pervade the NYC poke scene.
#REVIEW#Decent poke bowls but I would have liked more topping options.I've been scouring poke places lately since it's been a recent craving of mine. I wasn't too impressed with Red Poke. Size was decent compared to other poke spots that I have been to. I was mostly disappointed with the toppings. I didn't feel like there were enough options that you would normally get at other poke spots. For instance, I really like to add mangos to my pokes or different types of seaweed salads. I would have liked more sauce options too. It's not too bad.
#REVIEW#At first when I walked in I wasn't too impressed until I saw the menu! The make fresh grilled shrimp , salmon , bulgogi and some other types of meat!What got me so excited was the sweet potato noodles! I am allergic to rice and wheat , so that got me so excited!I chose the noodles, grilled salmon, seaweed, crunchy garlic and I am not sure which sauce!It was perfectly flavored, and had the perfect seasoning!It was so delicious and I can not wait to eat them again!I hope they open up locations in California!
#REVIEW#My favorite neighborhood poke spot. It's super casual and you can run in, fill out a form indicating what you want on your poke, and they make it immediately. Or if you want to sit in, they have limited seating, but the interior is pretty cute and casual. I see some people studying here often as well. I really like this poke place for the variety of ingredients you can put into your poke bowl. I am not the biggest fan or seafood, so I am so glad they have bulgogi and spicy jeyuk pork as options. I usually go for the medium bowl and order both meats, along with many other things they have on the menu. When I get double meat portion, I usually have enough poke to last me 1.5-2 meals because it's so filling. The price at this poke location is also pretty good!! Not super pricy like other places, but I believe appropriately priced for the amount of food they give you, and the convenience of its location and food.Pro-tip: get a stamp card if you're planning on coming here often! Easy way to get a healthy large meal around New York.
#REVIEW#I spent +$50 on two bowls of poke and 2 sodas. I feel ripped off... especially when I got diarrhea after eating it. THANK GOODNESS my hotel was close by! I think they also need to work on their poke flavors because, as someone that goes to Hawaii 1-4X per year, this doesn't taste authentic... but the bowls are large.
#REVIEW#I have been to a lot of poké places, and I can definitely say that Red Poke is one of my favorites. Walking in, the bright white space reminds me a lot of something I would find at a Sweetgreen. My favorite part is that they have a cold vs. warm option. Grabbing my complimentary lemon water, I was interested in trying something from the warm menu.Ray Grilled Salmon ($13.95): Incredibly delicious combination. You get the crunchy corn with the addictive "love sweet sauce" and plenty of veggies. I'll be back to try the other options!
#REVIEW#Wow. That's all I can say. Just stumbled on this little gem while bumming around Manhattan. I can't have sesame seeds or nuts anymore so they made me a poke with crumbled up rice crackers. Nice.  It gave it that crunchy sesame texture. My poke had fruit onions salmon tuna onions sesame oil I can have. They really looked out for me and so delicious. Can't wait to go back   Check out the picture. This place rocks.  Thanks guys
