#NAME#K Rico Steakhouse
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/k-rico-steakhouse-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#steak,latin#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This was my first time eating at K Rico thought I've been hearing about it from friends for quite some time. It definitely lived up to the hype. You can order your own dishes, or, do what my coworkers and I did and order many small plates to share. We ordered the guacamole, queso, shrimp cocktail, brussel sprouts, arepas, cheesecake and white sangria pitcher. I'm going to say this once so please listen up-- get the arepas and order dessert. Do not fail yourself and do this. We liked the arepas so much that we got a second batch. You will thank me later and for when that time comes- you're welcome. Also, go in the summer and sit outside. The hosts are well dressed and very sweet. Our server was Adam and he was wonderful as well. For the cocktail fans, they have an excellent selection including Pappy Van Winkle! Quite the place. A+
#REVIEW#Love this place! Especially love the outdoor seating area in the back. Great margaritas and good food. The oysters appetizer and the grilled octopus were some of my favorites.
#REVIEW#It took a two hour drive just to get into the city due to traffic all over and a few accidents along my route. I was down the block with my coworkers for a holiday dinner to which I arrived late, after everyone already finished eating so I had enough time to scarf down an entrée and have some light conversation before calling it a night.I'm a nursing mom so I can only be away from my babes for so long so I was a bit desperate to just hit the road and head back to Westchester. Before I would venture out, however, I made sure to scope the area for a place to grab a single drink and relax for a few minutes; the restaurant where the company dinner was held did not serve alcohol since it was a frigid 20°, I wanted more than some unsweetened black tea to warm my gullet.I walked past K*Rico and remembered the name on their sign struck a chord with me when I had first arrived to 9th Ave, as their play on words was amusing to me. At first glance, I thought it was a casual spot but upon further inspection, I realized it was a legit South American steakhouse with upscale tendencies. The host was pleasant when I walked in and expressed that I would be sitting at the bar for the evening. A gentleman followed in suit and pulled out a chair for me. It was a small gesture but I felt like they give some attention to detail when it comes to their customers.Not long after getting my bearings and perusing the drink menu for some time, was I greeted by Ricky, the bartender whose charisma is tops. He was very personable and funny and made a great cocktail. I opted for the only cocktail on the list that enlisted the magic that is mezcal. Ricky hooked it up with some Cointreau, blood orange puree and lime juice and love, apparently (inside joke).I definitely dig the feel of this place. I also checked out the dinner menu. It's pricey but looked divine. The bar is long and the dining room is dimly lit and sultry. It felt very low-key and seemed like a real cozy date spot. I would definitely bring hubby here for date night, some sexy spirits and a mid-rare filet. It's already b'marked. K Rico looks qué rico! Worth a return visit.
#REVIEW#I came here for a birthday dinner on a Friday night with a group of 5 people.  We ordered the jalea (fried seafood) appetizer, la parrillada mixta (grilled chicken, pork tenderloin, pork belly, skirt steak, beef tenderloin tips, sausage), and whole rack of lamb chops.  The fried seafood was crispy and a large portion.  The meat were all cooked well and high quality.  The la parrillada mixta had enough food for 5 people to share.  I liked the lamb chops the most.  For dessert, we ordered the tres leches cake.  The tres leches cake was not too sweet and not too dense.  They put a sparkler on the cake for my friend's birthday.  The staff were very friendly and attentive.  I like that they explain all the different cuts of beef.  I would come back and try the other cuts of beef.
#REVIEW#I come here every time when I visit NY (I'm not even a big steak person) and my last trip was no exception! The service is always impeccable and the food is great. We of course got the 16 Oz New York Strip Sirloin ($46) and I'm not even a big meat person...but man I could not stop eating it! It was so tender and melted in your mouth. We also got the K Rico Chopped Salad ($14) with a perfect combination of fruit (mango, strawberries, papaya) corn nuts, and an amazing avocado dressing! A bit smaller than you might expect, but nonetheless a refreshing bite paired with the meat. We got the Jalea Peruana ($20), which is a melody of calamari, shrimp, scallops, fish, and yucca. I love the variety and it's a pretty good sized dish. Finally we also got the quinoa with figs, brussels sprouts, and plaintains (one of my faves!) on the side (each $10), which are all pretty good! I know this is a steakhouse, but the desserts are honestly my favorite. It's always so hard to pick one, so I always end up getting a selection (aka nearly all of them). We got the Tres Leches ($10)- my personal favorite and since it was my mom's birthday they added one of those super cool candle sparklers, the Creme Brûlée ($10)-always a classic, and the Chocolate Dome ($10)- so decadent and delicious!Can't wait until my next visit to NYC!
#REVIEW#We came here after seeing Cher and they have a Pre/Post theater menu.  The prefix menu consists of an appetizer, first, second course and dessert.  Everything was wonderful including the cooking of the steak.  My friend had rare, I had medium well and lastly my other friend got well done.  All were done with perfection.  The appetizer we had was the chopped salad and empanadas, we ordered the filet mignon and skirt steak and dessert was crème brûlée and the chocolate coffee flan.  Everything was great and the price was awesome for $49.99.  You can beat that. I go to the theaters lot and this place will be on my list for future theater outings.
#REVIEW#This is one of my "must visit" restaurants in Manhattan (I'm from Boston) since my first visit one year ago. Chef/Owner operated: the food has been outstanding every time. I highly recommend this place if you like steak and are visiting Manhattan.
#REVIEW#My friends and I all try to go out together at least once every month for brunch, but being that we all live and work in NYC sometimes more time than we like can fly by. That was the situation surrounding our decision to try K Rico for their bottomless brunch option. I'm happy to report that everything from the food to the service EXCEEDED our expectations. We made sure to do our research before coming so we definitely were prepared for anything previous Yelp reviews may have shed light on.We made a reservation for our party of four a week in advanced. I'm so happy we did because when we walked in at 1 PM on a Sunday each table was filled. I'd definitely recommend making a reservation for brunch, as well as anytime you might think they'd just be generally busy. Also, they only sit your party once everyone has arrived (Make sure to get your late friends there early and you should be O.K.).Once we were seated our server, Hesus, gave us time to look over the menu and also promptly informed us of their brunch special ($29.95 for an entree and drinks). When we told him that we would be partaking he was quick to let us know that the bottomless drinks would only be served while we were eating our meal, for an hour and 15 minutes at most (Make sure to eat slowly to get the most out of the "bottomless" experience.)When it came time to order we selected the Guacamole Trio ($16) and the Empanadas ($11) for our appetizers. The guacamole trio was so good! Traditional, mint & lime, and smoked bacon were our options for the guac, each with it's own amazingly distinct flavor. However, it seemed that there weren't enough chips for the amount of guac served. We asked for extra and I'd suggest you do the same. (The extra was free as well).For the main, I ended up going with the Crispy Pork Belly with Egg ($15.95). This dish was surprisingly filling. It came with four pieces of pork belly, along with roasted potatoes, two pieces of toasted bread, as well as eggs cooked in any style you'd like. I came hungry and this dish definitely hit the spot. They also provided a really zesty hot sauce at my request that went perfectly with the egg and potato. I'd definitely suggest trying it if you have the chance.Our service here was fast and efficient! He was quick to take our order, quick to refill our drinks, and quick to answer any questions we had throughout our entire brunch experience. Shout out to Hesus for being an incredible server. He really elevated the experience to an entirely different level.Simply put, this is a great brunch experience in Hell's Kitchen. Definitely give it a try if you're looking for a great boozy brunch spot with friends in the area.
#REVIEW#As I entered the restaurant for the first time, a customer who was leaving put his hand on my shoulder and said:  "This is the best steakhouse in New York city."   He was right.  This was the indeed best steak house in NYC, but not solely on their steaks.  The Staff - friendly, knowledgeable, charming and attentive.The Cocktails - especially The Hemingway" - was deliciously balanced.  The appetizers were fantastic.  I highly recommend the arepas, empanada and the fried oysters.  Hands down, the group favorite was the Jalea Peruana i.e. Frito Misto comprised of Crispy Calamari, Shrimp, Bay Scallops, Fish, Yucca, Aji Amarillo Aioli.  The absolute best part of dinner is show and tell.  You get to meet your Meat.  If you weren't going to order steak for dinner, this will change your mind.  They even brought out the grand-daddy of them all:  The Tomahawk Steak. There's nothing more sexy than seeing this long bone,  french-trimmed Flintstones-size 36 oz steak chop bigger than my head!  Overall dinner was nothing short of amazing with the only negative being they were out of the two desserts our group was looking forward to:  Spashish Afforgato (Vanilla Ice Cream Topped with a Shot of Espresso) and my favorite Alfajores shortbread Cookies with Espresso Liqueur Infused Dulce De Leche, Salted Candied Walnuts.  Boo - that's what happens with a late dinner.  Oh, well, there's always next time!
#REVIEW#We needed a place that was still open late on a Tuesday after a broadway show.  Since Latíns dine late, this is a good option.    Prices were "Manhattan" but quality was excellent. Salad was one of the most memorable that i have had in many trips to nyc.  The quality of the meat was also outstanding (and I have lived in Argentina). Dessert also did not disappoint.  A solid quality/cost balance and I would go back.
#REVIEW#This place is a South American steak house. I went here with my department from work, so I had no part in selecting this restaurant. The restaurant itself is quite nice and the service was very professional. There is indoor seating and outdoor seating on an open air courtyard. I believe they also had a few tables near their street entrance. The waiter brings around a tray of the raw steaks and show you all of the potential ones you can order. I am not a big beef eater so I chose the plantain crusted roasted cod with coconut lime butter. On my dish, the fried crust was very hard and required a knife to cut it. The taste was good but the texture was too hard and crunchy. If I had known, I would have ordered a steak. Others in our group said their steaks were really good. Fortunately, my boss picked up the tab.
#REVIEW#Good brunch menu with bottomless mimosa, Bloody Mary or margarita for $30. The bottomless was limited to 75 minutes and they were pretty strict about getting us out there on time (we had a big party of 12). The fries that came with the chicken PLT were good. The crab cake eggs benedict was okay compared to others I've had.
#REVIEW#The best steakhouse anywhere! I'm an expert in the meat business and I know my steaks Service is excellent...staff is professional and treat you like your at home. Definitely stop in when your in nyc Anthony /Jessica C
#REVIEW#We selected this spot from a youtube vid.  Ended up in NYC for a 3 day trip, decided to check it out. Got there as they opened up so kitchen wasnt open yet.  We got a few piscos and given chips & dip while the kitchen opened up.  Music ambiance was good, although the they kept trying to figure out the lighting.  We ended up ordering three apps: guac trio, ceviche mixto and the mussels.  Guac was decent, unimpressed with the ceviche...but the mussels were absolutely delish! The staff was super friendly and accommodating.   Overall a good experience.
#REVIEW#Very poor service and quality of food. Huge disappointed. Told manager of poor service who blew off my concerns. Would not recommend the restaurant
#REVIEW#I enjoyed a fun date night here. The arepa appetizer was delicious, and my favorite part of the meal. It was cheesy, the corn batter gave it some sweetness, and some micro greens lightened it up. My husband enjoyed his steak, which was cooked to a proper medium rare. My fish was moist and flaky. Service was pleasant and prompt. The one downside was that the seating was very tight. I heard more than I needed to of the couple next door squabbling about whether or not to get a dog.
#REVIEW#We had reservations and half of our party arrived about 15-20 minutes early and they seated them right away. Our server and all the staff was very attentive and pleasant. Everyone enjoyed their drinks except for the lemonade which was unsweetened, but that's just a personal preference. We had not one complaint from our party of 12 about the appetizers, entree's or dessert. It was all delicious and well prepared. They also have a beautiful back patio which is quite romantic at night. The restaurant itself is quite cozy and romantic. The music had everyone dancing in their seats while waiting for their meal. I'm looking forward to visiting again. Maybe for brunch next time.
#REVIEW#Needed a place for dinner and saw this delightful place so we popped in. We saw some pics and saw that their porterhouse were pretty big (52oz) and decided to go for it. I want to make a emphasis on their service for being spectacular. We were greeted with warm smiles before entering, and smiles all around after. The waiter took his time to explain the specials to us. I believe the owner was also there and greeted us as well as chatted and joked around with us before we were seated. My cups were never empty for more than 30 seconds. Service was just great.Onto the steak, it's actually quite big! The meat was tender and cooked medium rare as we requested, and it was simply delicious and perfectly seasoned. The steak actually came out quicker than we expected. We were bracing for a 30-45 min wait like other steakhouses but this one came out within 20! So fast service along with great food is always welcomed. The pricing is also very attractive. You'd normally pay $100+ for a porterhouse but here? Only $89. Definitely worth it as you get more steak than you'd pay for!If you're ever wanting good steak at a great price, this is the place to go!
#REVIEW#Take my advice!!!'Do not plan any important meals with them!!!! They take it for granted and treat you like garbage!!!!Below is my email to the owners but got no reply. Dear John and Tommy,This is Ting. My husband, Kenneth S, and I met you at your restaurant a few times since our first visit in October.  We even took a picture together with John.We loved your food and service so much that we decided to have our family holiday dinner at your place on December 29 (last night).In October, I shared with John that I made my reservation on OpenTable. John said they charge $5 per head and suggested we cancel the reservation and make our reservation directly with Leigh. Our reservation with OpenTable, we requested to be seated at the back of the restaurant but after we had dinner at the back once, we preferred the booth in front of the bar. John said no problem, talk to Leigh and she would take care of everything.So in October I immediately made my reservation with Leigh. Since then we had dinner at your restaurant many times, every time we talked to Leigh how excited we were going to have our family there.  And every time Leigh said we would get to sit at the booth in front of the bar. She even showed me our reservation on her big book and device.But unfortunately, I got a call from a gentleman yesterday at 5pm, 1.5 hours before the dinner informing us that it was no guarantee that we would get the booth in front of the bar by giving us all kinds of reasons. I later spoke with Leigh and she also gave me all kinds of reasons. Then the message was clear that we guaranteed would not get the booth for 8 people that we booked 2 months in advance. Our reservation was always for 8 people. Last night my two family members were sick and couldn't come. I asked Leigh now we had 6 people, could we have the original table that was promised 2 months ago. She said yes, but could we come at 7pm. I was like seriously! Is that how you guys run your business?  Most importantly, do John and Tommy allow all these?As I emphasized to Leigh, we accepted all kinds of reasons if this is how a business is run. We just couldn't accept this kind of call 1.5 hours before the dinner for a reservation made 2 months in advance.Thank you John and Tommy for reading my email.Regards,Ting Tan
#REVIEW#A couple of weeks ago, I brought one of my girlfriends here to experience what I believed to be the best brunch deal in Hell's Kitchen. My boyfriend and I have frequented this restaurant for a few years now all because of their bottomless brunch deal and the lovely outdoor patio they have hidden in the back. Unfortunately, I am compelled to update my review based on my latest brunch experience which paled in comparison to past brunches. Walking in the venue, it was nearly empty but only because it was a glorious long weekend when most New Yorkers escape to the Hamptons leaving the real urban dwellers to their own devices. We decided to sit in the back where there was another group seated there already. We started off with one server who was extremely polite making brief small talk while filling out glasses with water and taking our order. When the food came, it was satisfactory as usual - crab eggs benedict! - though the crab was slightly dry. I was taking my time but my friend was eating far more slowly than I was. I encouraged her to scarf it down and that it would not affect our drink flow. I was very wrong.As our plates were done, though my plate was still being picked on a bit, a new server came out - one who I thought would have recognized me but didn't despite all the times he did in the past - and announced we were at our last round. This wasn't possible as it was only 40 minutes into our brunch and their brunch is advertised as 75 minutes. We brought this up to the server and he explained that someone in the front should have prefaced our meal by saying the bottomless portion of the brunch ends when your meal does!  He was then quick to toss this issue to the manager, explaining it was up to them to let us have a couple more rounds. In the past 3-4 years I've been coming here, I have never had anyone preface my meal by explicitly saying "drinks end when your food does." Ever. The rest of the meal was awkward, since when our conversation concluded our server and his co-worker shut the doors on us. No slamming, of course, but it felt as though we were being disconnected from the rest of the restaurant. Other folks were sitting nearby the patio before while still being inside the restaurant and now the doors close when there's new party sitting in the same spot? It just didn't leave a very good feeling but perhaps I'm looking way too into it. Some time went by and when we had our real last round we overheard a conversation between the same server and a new couple seated behind us. As soon as the couple sat down, the server did what he should have done in the beginning and prefaced their meal saying brunch was 75 minutes but bottomless was over when they finished eating. One guest said half jokingly and half seriously, "what are you going to do, set a timer for us?" to which the server said, while walking away then looking back over his shoulder,"well, I guess you just have to eat slowly!" Did that mean that the couple would have to take 75 minutes to eat their food and let it go cold just to enjoy a few extra bloody Mary's or mimosas? Yes, yes it does. Will I come back for brunch? Doubtful, because I'm sure there are plenty of other brunches in the sea.
