#NAME#Taco Mahal
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/taco-mahal-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#indpak,tacos#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#The Chicken Marsala roti taco is pure crack.If i could eat 10 and not need a nap after, I would do it, it's so good
#REVIEW#Taco Mahal is exactly what I've been looking for in an Indian-Mexican fusion concept, and while plenty of spots in Los Angeles are trying similar things, Taco Mahal executes their Indian tacos flawlessly. Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?You've got really nice folks here at Taco Mahal, and fast service pairs with a menu that's straight forward but surprisingly broad. Star. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?$9.50 got me a genuinely massive Chicken Tikka Masala taco wrapped in a generously portioned piece of naan. Fair. Star. Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?This taco was nothing short of marvelous. The flavorful curry and tender chicken came together brilliantly with fresh peripherals atop fluffy and perfectly cooked naan. My only regret was that I should have added some rice to the mix. Two Stars. Star 5: Would you be excited to go back?Absolutely. This is one of my all time favorite culinary concepts and Taco Mahal executes it better than anyone else I've encountered. Star.
#REVIEW#Y'all this is the review/sign you are waiting for- TRY THIS PLACE. I managed to eat here 3 days out of my seven day trip, the food is that amazing. Honestly it's not the idea that makes this place so good as it is exactly what you imagine : Indian food on naan eaten like a taco. But the food itself is amazing. Didn't try a bowl this time but out of the tacos, the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala were phenomenal- the employees were very helpful, I forget who helped us but it was the girl who was in the advertisement photo inside- and she was great!- also, It's walking distance from stonewall
#REVIEW#Taco Mahal is a new favorite of mine. My hunny and I like to experiment and try new cuisines. I was extremely excited when he said he was going to pick up some dinner from Taco Mahal. The menu may not be extensive but they offer a delicious Indian take on roti tacos, naan tacos, and basmati bowls. They also have sides such as chips & chutney, rice & lentils, gulab jamun, onion pakoras, and samosas. Both the roti and naan are homemade daily in a tandoori clay oven. We both ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala Naan Tacos and a side of Samosas. You have a choice of regular naan or garlic naan. We went with the garlic naan. Holy cow the Chicken Tikka Masala Naan Tacos are out of this world. Each bite was bursting with flavor. You could taste the yogurt, herbs, and creamy sweet tomato sauce. He enjoyed the Samosas. I didn't care for the filling. I may have enjoyed it more if it wasn't vegan.
#REVIEW#You will undoubtedly be drawn in by the idea of "Indian Tacos", and you should be because they're delicious. In fairness though, it is just Indian food wrapped in either a taco tortilla or a piece of naan. Which is great. Quality food, good prices and delicious.Small spot. Order at the counter and sit outside.
#REVIEW#I went to Taco Mahal as it was a stop on a foodie walking tour that I went on.  I have to say that out of all the spots we stopped at and out of all the foods we tried that this was the best bite of the day.  I had a chicken tikka masala taco and it was fantastic.  I can't wait to make my way back here to try another taco and some other menu items.
#REVIEW#Indian and Mexican fusion? Love it.***Locals  Many many locals come here for late night munchies or for a quick lunch or dinner. Grab and go is the way to go.***Travelers If you like Indian and Mexican fusion, come here! Keep in mind there is barely any seating though there is a lot outdoors so come when it's warm.***My Recommendation I got the bowl, but many of their tacos are amazing. Filling and price conscious! I got the Chicken Marsala rice bowl. It came with guacamole!IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#Good taste but too expensive for a "taco". The roti ones are about $5 while the naan ones are about $10. If you're eating this for an actual meal you cant get full from just one of these.. you need to order at least 2 or even 3 if you're getting the roti ones. That's $15-30 total which is way too much for a quick casual lunch. I got the lamb curry roti. It's literally just curry on top of a roti... i wish it was more of a fusion of Indian and traditional taco flavors. The actual flavor of the curry was great.. I liked how they added chutney on top. I'm not sure if I'd go back.. seems more catered to non-Indian population.
#REVIEW#Taco Mahal is a very casual take out place with limited seating and space. We stopped by here late night for quick snack. it was a good experience and the food was very tasty and unique. It Is a Mexican-Indian fusion where the tortilla is roti/naan and the fillings are made of traditional Indian cuisine like Panner tikka, Chicken tikka, chana masala etc. The flavors were absolutely remarkable and it all blended together wonderfully. The mango lassi was delicious in its own right! Over all, Taco Mahal is on point with their mash up of tacos and Indian cuisine. Absolutely delicious and on the affordable side. Would recommend this place to anyone! We will visit again when we're back in village area.
#REVIEW#Holy smokes these are insanely good! Some of the best tacos I've ever had. Chicken tikka was the highlight, roti was fresh and tikka sauce packed tons of flavor, will definitely be back many more times
#REVIEW#Curry lamb roti taco was  love to grab them for a quick bite! The naan tacos are to thick for my taste.
#REVIEW#Always a fan of Indian fusion restaurant and when you get mexican and Indian food at one place, then its a bonus. So this place have tacos(made of Indian bread - Naans/Rotis) with indian curries. I have tried Chicken Malai kabab naan taco,chicken tikka masala roti taco and lamb curry roti taco. Although this is a very small shop with limited seating inside but they have outdoor seating of 5-6 tables as well.They also have vegetable tacos which include Naan/Roti tacos with any vegetable curry(Chickpeas, Lentils). Service is quick and interior looks clean. They have hand sanitizers on end of each table. Their kitchen is very small, I guess they prepare the food before and when order comes, then they start making it accordingly.Chicken malai kabab -5/5It was a huge naan with chicken malai kababs, white sauce on the top and was garnished with red cabbage and some greens. Overall it was a great dish, taste of the soft naan with sauce and chicken kababs was delicious. The chicken kababs were flavorful as well.Chicken Tikka Masala Roti Taco - 5/5If you dont want to eat heavy then this is the best option, it is a roti(Indian round bread) rolled with chicken tikka masala and salad. The taste was amazing. I wish roti to be big enough for atleast 4-5 bites. I finished it in 2 bites only(:D)Lamb Curry Roti Taco - 4/5It was same like above but with Lamb curry. Lamb was soft and again great taste. The spices were to the level in both tacos.I highly recommend this place if you want to eat Indian food with fusion.
#REVIEW#My best friend and I have a pretty small appetite, we honestly had shared ice cream from Big Gay Ice Cream right before lol. We weren't even supposed to eat there. It was a restaurant that found us in our time of need  Starving and lost in NY, we went in because we live Mexican food and we love Indian food... and the place is cute!Naan taco chicken tikka masala review by ingredients: Naan: fluffy, chewy, cooked to perfectionChicken breast: juicy and bountiful Tikka masala curry: a bit tame for being a Mexican-Indian fusion... wish it was spicy :(Chutney and cabbage: brought the whole taco full circle, BOMB DOT COM, y'all. Overall on taco: the naan chicken tikka masala taco was so good! The taco was huge, and enough to snack on between two of us. For the price, it's a bang for your buck.Service: fast and friendly!Ambiance: tiny, cute, relaxed, and casual. I love the art work!
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner and had a great experience. Definitely coming back to try their naan. Pros:- The outside patio is a great spot to hang when the weather gets nicer. Good amount of tables and chairs. They bring the food to you if you sit down. - Chicken Tikka Masala bowl was delicious. Good portion size and love the presentation - the orange of the chicken tikka masala contrasting with the dal and salad. The chicken is tender and tasty while the dal could use a little more lentil but it was still great! Don't know why it comes with guac but one can never have enough of it.Cons:- Space inside is very tight- No bathroom
#REVIEW#How do I describe how much I love these tacos? They are simply delicious and each meat choice has it's own distinct flavor. The meat is always tender even the white meat. With each bite, you are just hit with spice. They might look small and the roti taco are a good snack size. Don't let the size fool you because you will be opening a door to a party in your mouth. The roti has a nice char and is just thick enough to hold all the goodness. The greens add the bit of freshness to cut through the richness. It's a thoughtful taco and those are my favorite kind. It is a small place with limited seating. Staff is also really friendly and you don't have to excercise patience here. Food quickly appears after you order.
#REVIEW#Expensive, but tasty, and fast. I had a garlic naan taco with Chana masala, and the only thing I didn't like was the raw onion on top - I probably wouldn't get that the next time, I recommend not opting for that, because there's already so much flavor. The taco was big, so it was a meal on its own, $8, plus seemingly a lot of tax. Great for a quick bite, not much seating inside, and pretty informal. Check it out!
#REVIEW#Pretty decent. Again the price thing is tricky coz all they implemented was making an indian Frankie roll into a much smaller size- the taco size. And then it's Nyc, so prices are always competitive  . It's yummy though. I had the chicken one and asked them to make it spicy. It was really good. Liked that they had the roti option which is basically a whole wheat alternative. I could feel that it was really roti and they didn't mix any flour to it. One should try this if you are around the vicinity and looking for drunk food just like I did :)
#REVIEW#Stumbled in here looking for the Hummus Place, a restaurant that used to be in this location (or nearby) and closed. The seating is definitely tight but it was raining/cold and I love Chicken Tikka Masala, Naan bread and tacos, so I figured why not order a Chicken Tikka Masala taco with Naan bread? It was exactly as anticipated - hot and delicious! The Chicken Tikka Masala sauce was just slightly more watery than I would have liked - the only thing holding Taco Mahal back from the upper echelons of West Village quick bites. Will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#I came with some friends for a snack here, but the tacos were so large it turned out to be a second lunch. I thought the tacos are a bit similar to a kati roll, except the naan is so thick and fluffy.It was $10 for the naan with lamb curry and $0.50 extra for the garlic naan. I couldn't taste much of the garlic because the lamb curry was so strong, so next time I'd forego the garlic. The lamb itself was tender and the curry was very spicy. The mint chutney and vegetables on top was a nice touch. I do love Kati Roll company, but I would come here over the location on MacDougal.
#REVIEW#I had a friend come to the city once and saw this place on her Instagram and once she told me where this place was, I bookmarked it and I finally went! Very flavorful and a cool idea. Essentially it's still Indian food, but you're just eating in taco format. I got the roti taco with channa masala. At first I got one, and then it ended up being so good I got another one. The ingredients were fresh, it came out neatly, and it has he right amount of spice.I give this place four stars only because I feel like it's pricey. One small taco was just a little over four dollars. Also, service could have been better. I stood at the register for about five minutes waiting for someone to take my order and then they finally asked if I was ordering. I also hope in years to come, they expand the menu a little more. For vegetarians there were only 3-4 options. I wouldn't mind coming here again.
