#NAME#Ayza Wine & Chocolate Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ayza-wine-and-chocolate-bar-new-york-6?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#wine_bars,desserts,mediterranean#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Smoked Eggplant, Mushroom Ravioli and quinoa salad was good. It's really nice place I definitely will come and try something more. On the menu a lot of good choices.
#REVIEW#Such a gem for brunch. It'll probably throw you off that it's good for brunch given the name, but trust me, it was lovely. They do $12 brunch on weekends, which is super reasonable given Manhattan prices. I also loved that they had an outdoor seating area with a covering/fans to keep you nice and cool during hot summer days. The service was great as well. We made a reservation and were seated immediately even though our party wasn't complete (granted, not many people were there). Our server gave us little cups of sangria for free! The food was delicious. We ordered a few dishes to share: organic honeycomb toast, wild mushroom flatbread, and prosciutto d'parma ciabatta. The honeycomb toast was probably my favorite, because the brie and sweet fruit/honey combo was amazing. The ciabatta also came with a salad that had dragon fruit! The flatbread was good as well. I would 100% come back for brunch and in the evening for happy hour/dinner.
#REVIEW#Go for happy hour now! Well not really because you'll be in my way. $5 wines that don't make you choke in Midtown???! Yep. This is the spot! There's a sidewalk patio with shade to sit on on nice days. I didn't have any but they have what I'd call chocolate flights with various chocolates (white too) and a few small plate food options.This place is small, I literally saw someone crawl up a ladder next to the bar lol I assume is the employee lounge/office. Outside of the space taken up by the bar stools and a few tables there's barely any place to stand inside. There's one restroom so plan accordingly.... there will be a line of at least 3 ppl.
#REVIEW#GREAT PLACE. Ambiance is lovely, especially outside. The service is great too. For drinks, I had sangria. Really tasty, lots of fruit. The decor and plate ware was beautiful as well. For food, I enjoyed the angry chicken lollipops and baby rocket arugula salad. Good sized portions. Not too much. Refreshing, tasty, good flavors. I would definitely go back and wish I would have tried a wine and chocolate pairing. Unfortunately, we did not leave time for dessert.
#REVIEW#Going to start this review off by saying I am definitely coming back because it was so good!Coming here was a day-of decision made while looking through places to eat after a show. We made reservations and ended up having to reschedule them once through OpenTable but didn't think it would be a big deal since all of the time slots around our reservation were open. However, when we got there, we did have to wait 20 minutes or so to be seated which was disappointing. That was the one downside to the night.Despite the wait to be seated, our service the rest of the night was fabulous! Our waitress, Yessica, was incredibly sweet and helped us navigate the menu while bringing our food out in a decent amount of time. She helped make our night a fun one!!We started with the wine tasting sampler with three wines aka a "wine flight." It was the perfect way to try the ones we were curious about without committing to a full glass. The chocolate wine was the definite stand out!! The Riesling was our second favorite, followed by the Prosecco (side note: we are definitely sweet wine people). Unfortunately, the champagne is not included in the tasting samplers (but I could've guessed that honestly).Yessica recommended I order the mixed marinated olives and hummus dip as the eggplant wasn't vegan. The olives were great, as was the hummus and I was able to substitute tortilla chips for the pita bread to make it gluten-free. I would definitely recommend the three-appetizer combo for those who aren't vegan because I'm sure the eggplant is great judging by the other two dishes. My friend was extremely happy with the pan-seared chicken breast which came with a mushroom medley and lemon orzo.For dessert, we had the espresso chocolate martini and five chocolate combo. At first, we ordered the strawberry chocolate martini before asking if it was vegan (it was not). Thankfully, Yessica informed us that the espresso and almond chocolate martinis are vegan. The espresso martini ended up being perfect for a coffee lover like me. The espresso beans were a great contrast to the sweet chocolate. We ordered from the Chocolate by Cioccolada truffle menu and got the French Cognac Oh La La, Noce, Almond Sea Salt, and two Dark Cherry ones. The cherry and cognac were our two favorites, though we doubled up on the cherry because the cognac was similar to the martini flavor we already had.
#REVIEW#Intimate little restaurant with a great happy hour.If you get there early enough you can sit outside, this place gets busy fast so plan accordingly.
#REVIEW#I had a very pleasant experience here. Granted I was hungry but the idea of a dessert and chocolate bar also serving food and drinks was awesome.I tried to eat clean and was very happy with the items I chose. Their real magic is in the desserts and wine pairings. They have wine pairings with cheese and also with chocolate.  wish I could ordered the wine and chocolate pairings. Location: 7.5Atmosphere: 8.9Service: 10 (Emmanuella)Food: 8.9Chicken lollipops : 8.5Arugula salad: 8.9Guacamole: 9.0Chocolate covered strawberries: 9.2
#REVIEW#Visiting NYC for the first time with my friend and we were looking for a place for a late night bite. Thanks to Yelp we found this gem of a place which fit the bill perfectly. We shared a small charcuterie board with 2 cheeses and 1 meat. The selections on the menu were varied and plenty of options to create your own board. The sangria that was complimentary with check-in was a delicious accompaniment. So we had the salty then wanted sweet so onto the chocolate fondue, so yummy and fun! It's perfect for two to share. We sat outside so I can't speak to the ambience of the interior. Outside seating was nice, but nothing super memorable. Service was good, not amazing. Love exploring non-touristy spots when traveling; highly recommend bookmarking this one!
#REVIEW#Came here for the first time with a friend after dinner on Sunday. Loved the ambiance and atmosphere of the place - we were seated in their tented outdoor space which had heaters above us which was nice and it was quiet. We were immediately seated and given complimentary warm mulled wine.We tried the assorted platter (3 for $21) - tried the French Brie, Aged Parmigiano Reggiano, and Aged Manchego as recommended as our server, Samantha. The platter easily serves two people, comes with a side of toasted bread and fruits. Loved the Brie and Manchego. I would skip the Parmigiano Reggiano.Tried their famous chocolate martini (espresso). Came with a small block of chocolate. It was okay but wouldn't get againFinally the dark chocolate fondue! Came with strawberries, bananas, marshmallows, and rice krispie treats. Great to share for a date or with friends. It's adorable and fun to eat! Would love to return for their weekend brunch and to try more of their menu items!
#REVIEW#Great spot for wine and chocolate! And even charcuterie (cheese and meat boards). The dark magic tasting was lovely. Sangria is also pretty good and refreshing. The other appetizers I had here I found to be quite dry (chicken taco and short rib bruschetta).
#REVIEW#Good date or after-dinner spot. Haven't been here for any of the food, although it seems like its worth trying. When you sit, you are greeted by a small shot of spiced warm mulled wine, which is what I ended up ordering because it was perfect for a winter night. This place is for anybody who has a sweet tooth/wants a sugary cocktail or wants to just enjoy a traditional glass of wine.
#REVIEW#Went for wine and cheese on a Sunday afternoon. Well located place but somewhat expensive for what you get. The cheese was good, but the selection wasn't great if you're more fond of stronger cheese.
#REVIEW#My kind of dessert! Delicious! ‍Nice Happy Hour time. Fun wine bar! We shall return!
#REVIEW#TLDR: Lunch special was ok (wish the portions were bigger because it left us hungry), food was delicious and innovative. Has heated outdoor seating for the cold weather. Coat check-in available. Went here for a birthday lunch in December with a party of 7. We were surprised to see how small the place was, but still had outdoor accommodations for large groups like ours. The outdoor seating is enclosed in a clear, plastic tent that keeps in heat from the heaters. We were seated nearer to the door and the plastic, so my friends that found it too hot had a way to cool off. The room did tend to get too hot or too cold at times. We all ordered the lunch combo platters and were first delighted by a warm, complimentary wine that had notes of chocolate and fruit. This definitely paired well with the food we all ordered too! I ordered the angry chicken lollipops, which comes with a salad, and the pulled pork sliders (2 dollars extra) which comes with a fried slice of avocado and was supposed to come with a dill pickle (never got it in my food, see the photo). I cannot really speak for the other food that my friends ordered since there wasn't much from each of us to share. But everyone said they loved the taste of everything (yes even the salad). The only complaint everyone had was wishing that there was just a little more food. Perhaps an extra side or even an extra slider. I think Ayza is very forward thinking, innovative, and sure to impress you (It would make for a great date spot). I would be sure to explore other things on the menu as I think that they would be sure to impress (and probably have larger portions).  I'll be sure to stop by sometime when they reopen to explore other things on the menu.
#REVIEW#Randomly came to here because it was open and right around the neighborhood and my friend really wanted wine. The workers are so welcoming and very kind! The vibe is also very lovely and calm, and lastly, the food was so good. I really enjoyed the cheese and meat platter and I will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#Few combinations can beat wine and chocolate. The atmosphere in Ayza is awesome, staff is friendly and very attentive. They have gluten free options, good size menu, everything sounded good it was hard to choose! Great wine (love their white Bordeaux!!!), chocolate martinis, dessert, bread and cheese plates. It was a fun night out, the restaurant is intimate, but not stuffy. A great place for a laid back  date or a girls night out
#REVIEW#We went here for a late night chat with friends! We had the choc fondue which was great! And a sampler of their wines and chocolate which was a great experience! Will go back to try some other of their menu!
#REVIEW#We went to Ayza for dinner on a really busy night. We made reservations and we were 15 minutes late but they were still nice enough to seat us. In spite of the busyness, our waitress was still attentive. She also didn't rush us and was ok when we had to wait to order. The place is quite small inside but they had a heated patio which was cold at first but they gave us blankets to keep us warm. For drinks, they had mulled wine that was really good. For food, we ordered the cheese platter for appetizers. The cheeses were really great but the salami was just ok. I ordered the lamb chops as my main entreé and it was pretty tasty. The lamb was kinda fatty but really tasty. I would go back to Ayza to try their chocolate martini and maybe desserts.
#REVIEW#Omg this please was heaven on earth. Super nice and chill atmosphere. The drinks were really tasty & the desserts were to die for. Both my husband and I enjoyed our experience here.
#REVIEW#I booked a reservation on OpenTable during the week to catchup with a friend. We wanted to meet at a wine bar in between both of our offices, and Ayza met the criteria. We were so happy to find this gem! Ayza is very small & intimate with limited seating inside, so they have a heated outside area with makeshift plastic walls, sounds weird but it's not! That's where we were seated. We ordered a nice bottle of Italian wine and a few of the appetizers:1. Roasted French Brie crouton ($12)2. White truffle pizza ($11) 3. Hot artichoke hearts ($9)Everything was very tasty. The roasted Brie appetizer was definitely my favorite! I want to come back soon to try the desserts and chocolate menu, which looked out of this world!
