#NAME#Cookshop
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cookshop-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Such great food!!! It's a party on my palate! We had a large group of 10 and it was super busy at 12pm. I figured everyone comes here on their lunch break but they put us in the back by the kitchen but still a nice table :)We were pretty tight so we asked to speak to someone and they were so accommodating! They added a table and since we were by the kitchen we were hot but they ran a fan near us to keep us cool. Ryan our waiter was awesome :) Lunch was great! Greek Salad was delish and the burgers were yummy! Must try the Watermelon Margarita !Happy times, would return again!
#REVIEW#This place has it all. The food is delicious I had a burger which came out cooked perfectly and had an delicious bun. The quantity wasn't lacking either by the time I finished I was full but it was so much food that I felt bad. The drinks were delicious I had the highline daiquiri which was sweet and delicious. My mom had an amazing bloody Mary and their beer selection is pretty good.For desert we ordered the rubarb cladoutis, on the recommendation of our waiter, and the frozen peanut butter candy bars. Wow they were good our waiter was right about how good the rubarb was but the frozen peanut butter bars were assembled in heaven it's self.The staff was fast and friendly even though they were quite busy and our waiter nailed the recommendations.The bathrooms were clean and the candles smelled almost as good as the soap!
#REVIEW#We came for Sunday brunch over Memorial Day weekend.  We had made a reservation and the table was available the moment we got there.  Service was competent and professional.The food was very good.  I had the Huevos Rancheros.  It was three eggs and more than I could possibly eat.  The pickled onions served on top were perfect and they rounded out the dish perfectly.  My wife and daughter shared the almond pancakes and the poached eggs.  The fondita was delicious, but the dish needed some sort of starch/bread with it.We had desert and I had two scoops: lemon curd ice cream ( super rich and tasty) & strawberry-red wine Sherbert (very good, but the wine should play a slightly larger role).  Worth every bit and every step to work it off.Looking forward to trying it for a different meal.
#REVIEW#Super cute place and food was very tempting however I didn't find the taste to be great. (Beignets were my favorite), everything else (poached eggs, deviled eggs, and heuvos rancheros, I wouldn't order it again. We had fun though. It is a place to stop by when you are near high line.
#REVIEW#Came here for a lunch on a Friday afternoon. Surprisingly, although they were super busy, we were able to get seated right away without a reservation. Our waiter was very friendly and helped me in figuring out what I should order. I went with the huevos rancheros which did not disappoint!! It was full of flavor, huge, and delicious! My sister really enjoyed her salad, and my friend was raving about how good the chicken was on her salad. We also ordered some fries for the table which were hot, fresh, and crispy. Overall, this seems like a solid restaurant where you can count on consistent food and service.
#REVIEW#Good food, good vibes. Lunch + drinks here on a sunny day is hard to beat. For entrees, they serve a solid burger and huevos rancheros. Starters tried the burrata- on the small side but very creamy, though the olive oil wasn't as strong as I'd prefer. Friendly service, but be prepared to wait a bit if you're walking in.
#REVIEW#There's something to like here at Cookshop, the only problem is that you need to dig past a bunch of disappointing things to get there.Two of my friends and I went on an early Wednesday evening for a catch up dinner. We ordered drinks and a burrata to split between the three of us. When my negroni came, it looked delicious, served with a big block of ice and smelling like a tart blood orange. However sipping on the drink waiting for our appetizer to come, there was practically no alcohol to it, essentially drinking a (very expensive) orange juice. When the burrata came to the table, the ball looked like it had starred in the remake of Honey I Shrunk the Kids. Although tiny, we had high hopes that it would be tasty - cutting through the ball there was little of the creamy spreadable cream you expect in a burrata, all we had was a harder lump of cheese. Especially for the price, I'm not sure what everyone else is so excited about - maybe we just got a bad burrata Placing our entree order, the waiter came back three times as he forgot the cut and cook of one steak and totally forgot what I had ordered. The pork chop, when it came, was hands down the best part of the entire meal, a thick and juicy cut of meat with a succulent glaze and sauce in the plate, topped off with a rhubarb compote, and sage. Sadly, the waiter misunderstood the order and brought a side order of potatoes, delicious though they were, weren't ordered, yet made their way onto the bill. I've heard rave reviews about their brunch service, so maybe this only applies to the dinner service. Overall, the main entrees were delicious, but the service and appetizers left much to be desired.
#REVIEW#Came here with co-workers for brunch one weekend (group of 4). Staff was really nice. Wait was typical, about 1 to 1 1/2 hr wait without reservation. I had the Huevos rancheros. Definitely spicy but super tasty. It all depends on the mood your in but this is the dish I would recommend it. I didn't think it was overly oily and all the ingredients were fresh. The vegetables weren't soggy and the eggs were cooked to my liking.I would recommend this place. Just be prepared for a long wait.
#REVIEW#Wow. What a meal. What service. Cookshop really is amazing. I highly recommend the grilled swordfish sandwich. The food has a French vibe, delicious light but very flavorful. The waitress and hostess were also both extremely accommodating. The high line is also very close by so great place to take someone from out of town and walk the high line after.
#REVIEW#Okay so with nearly 2000 reviews and a solid overall 4 stars as a rating, Cookshop definitely has a fan base. It's just one of those places everyone wants in for a weekend brunch.I've been here a couple times--only for brunch--including today and overall, it is a good spot that checks off a few boxes on a list. Vibrant atmosphere? CheckGood food and drinks? CheckAttentive service? CheckHopping neighborhood? Check--steps away from the Highline.I made reservations via Opentable 3 weeks ago and while I arrived earlier than my friend today by a few minutes, we were seated immediately once she arrived.My first visit a couple years ago, was brunch at the counter due to the long wait since we just walked in (also upon that visit, I tried their delicious cocktails and baked eggs).Today, my friend and I selected the frittata--it was a perfectly round fluffy omelet that included broccoli and feta cheese served with a small side salad. I ordered a cold brew iced coffee with my meal.Our waiter was super helpful and accommodating. We were pleased with the really good service.I enjoyed the frittata which hit all the right notes. The salad was a refreshing accompaniment.Was it the best frittata or brunch I've ever had? No. Why are some neighboring restaurants not as popular? Unsure.But Cookshop is the scratch off list and/or see & be seen business.  I do like it.And would return again perhaps for dinner. Solid. Just make sure to make reservations in advance for brunch or you'll wait
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch right after opening (a little after 10 am on Sunday) and got a table for 2 easily. There were definitely still a lot of people already seated too though, so come early if you don't have a reservation! The staff was friendly and efficient. We sat outside on the covered patio and it was very pleasant! I ordered the kale scramble and my boyfriend got the sausage breakfast sandwich. Mine came with a fluffy biscuit and a side salad. I loved the scramble! It was delicious. The biscuit came with a jam (I couldn't place what fruit it was...maybe apricot?) which was also good. The food came fast. I didn't try the breakfast sandwich but my boyfriend loved it! Great place for brunch!
#REVIEW#Now this Is a great place! We went there for brunch and I was the happiest to find something vegetarian, something gluten free and something in chicken - basically a lil something for everyone! We all loved our food, especially mine that falafel.. it was Amaaazinng!! The service was great, happy cheerful people to welcome you to the restaurant and even though we went for Sunday brunch, place was swamped!! Tip- please reserve a table before you go on weekends! Definitely going back for more !!
#REVIEW#Came for Breakfast on a Saturday morning after doing a quick Yelp search for breakfast spots in the area.  Reviews trending towards good, so we decided to check it out.Walking up, they have a large outdoor area, and we did see some tables available, but there was a chill to the early morning air, so we decided that we'd sit inside.While the place was hopping and full of people, there was no wait for my wife and I.  The sat us at a small two top table in the middle back of the seating area.Our waitress came over fairly quickly, and got our coffee and juice orders...which came fast, then we put our food orders in.The menu is simple for breakfast, with a bunch of options.  My wife was just looking for bacon and eggs, so the option that fit her was the 3 baked egg dish, that came with toast and I believe bacon.  I like to be adventurous for breakfast and saw that they had Huevos Rancheros on the menu, so I opted for that.  The dishes here are pricey, but you do get a decent amount of food.  My wife couldn't finish her eggs, but my Huevos Rancheros was another thing entirely.....I enjoyed and relished every bite.  It had the right amount of spiciness and toppings on top of the eggs.  Would have been nice to have some toast to sop up the plate, but it didn't come with any, so you may want to consider ordering a side of toast.So, ambiance was happening, the service is good, food is excellent, and yes, the prices are pricey.  My wife and I, including tip, dropped $65 for coffee & eggs.....buy hey, you're in NYC....in Chelsea...so what do you expect?  Highly recommend this place.
#REVIEW#Went here for brunch and it was the 4 of us who were seated right away on a Saturday at 11:40 am. The place was really busy with close to 90% occupancy.Their brunch menu is amazing and we ordered a few starters including the extremely delicious Deviled Egg tasting ($10), and Burrata ($16). I also got the Bloody Marianna cocktail ($12) which was quite good. Overall their drinks were really nice.For mains, I got the Cascun Farm Chicken Breast ($21) which had kale, parsnip, carrot, celery root, beet, toasted walnuts, and chimichurri. That combination and the salad itself was extremely delicious and I'd highly recommend it. I personally find cooking Chicken Breast a challenge, but their chicken was cooked to perfection. It was tender and juicy and had an amazing flavor and wasn't dry at all. Was good till the last bite.Service is excellent and so was our waiter who was attentive and always checked on us if we needed anything. Food arrived within 20 minutes of ordering.Overall, we had a great experience and I'd definitely visit again! Reservations recommended for larger groups!
#REVIEW#Went out for brunch on MLK Day with my boyfriend, his friend, and his friend's date. I've been to other restaurants in the hospitality group as Cookshop, so I was pretty confident we were going to have a good meal.The restaurant is spacious, and even though we came for an 11:00 reservation, the place was packed. We got seated fairly quickly, though, beating the crowd. With the exception of getting a single cup of coffee, service was relatively painless. Cocktails were made to order and tasted great, but we were most excited about the food. I went with the huevos rancheros, the boys went for the French toast, while the date went for the poached eggs "cilbir." For sides, we got a giant buttermilk biscuit, home fries, and bacon. Let's break down the entrees: the huevos rancheros was black bean, egg, and ranchero sauce-forward, with tortilla in the form of crispy strips. The sauce had great spice, and all of the condiments complimented each other (particularly that lime creme fraische!). The French toast was not overly sweet and the apples made for a nice compote. The poached eggs cilbir is definitely more sweet-potato hummus forward, so if that's your thing, go for it! If not, try a different egg dish. Now for the sides: the bacon had that balance between crunchy and chewy, while the home fries were chunky and seasoned well. But the biscuit?...the biscuit was my ABSOLUTE favorite of the things we had; buttery, flaky, salty, and straight up melt-in-your-mouth! As great as the bacon and home fries were, the biscuit took the crown.Even though we ordered a substantial amount of food and drinks, the tab came out to nearly $175 between the 4 of us, so if you come here, bring your wallet.Overall, a great place to grab brunch in Chelsea, but come early for a full experience.
#REVIEW#The Cookshop blew our minds! I took my fiancé to dinner here in a Saturday night before catching a comedy show at Gotham. The restaurant has a very cool vibe and a lot of energy. They were very busy so a reservation is a safe way to play it. The staff was very friendly, especially our amazing waitress Kelsey (thank you for everything, Kelsey!). We started off with a cheese plate and some oysters (which were so good we did another round).  My fiancé had the chicken and I had the steak. Both were exceptional. As you can see from my photo, my streak was perfectly prepared. After dinner we had the peanut butter chocolate dessert and it was to die for, exceptional! Thank you cookshop for a perfect evening, we will be back!!!
#REVIEW#Love my girl, S, for suggesting this place. Cozy, good energy, friendly staff that let us linger for the evening.- Mistaken negroni was just ok. It didn't have much bubble, would stick to the traditional version or just order sparkling if that's what you want.- Sweater weather- honey rye, bourbon, amaro, averna- was a fab old fashioned variation. Love the clove studded orange peel garnish- Burrata- ($16) creamy, just the way it should be- Crispy brussels sprouts ($14), large serving was one of the best versions I've had. The veggies were nicely crisped up, served with fat sultanas and almonds- yum!- Market lettuces, our sweet server kindly split even though we hadn't asked him to (thank you!). Fresh leaves of escarole and radicchio in a light dressing, perfect.- Arctic char- huge serving, perfectly crisped skin and super moist flesh, served with bits of dried figs. Wow, just wow.Lots more on the menu I wanted to try, definitely recommend!
#REVIEW#I've heard good things about this place, maybe it was for the brunch specifically but the dinner menu looked pretty good too so thought I would give it a shot. First off - really easy to get a seat. Friday night around 8 is usually prime time but we got seated relatively fast, this may be due to the fact that they just opened up outdoor seating. It could also be due to the fact that the restaurant is located in one of the few dead spots in Manhattan. It's too far west to be Chelsea, not south enough to be in meatpacking or west village, and there are no subway stops nearby. Weirdly enough it would take me just as long to get there via the subway as it would to just walk there, which is what I did. Anyways, point is, really easy to get a table. Now for the food itself - pretty good overall. We ordered a round of deviled eggs and potatoes to start with, and both were delicious. Deviled eggs are a criminally underrated food and idk why people don't eat deviled eggs more tbh. The potatoes had that perfect crisp to them and were seasoned really well, there was a lot of butter and oil at the bottom of the plate so that explains how they got so crispy. I got the lamb as a main meal - it was well cooked but I wish it was a little bit more medium rare, I guess I could've specified when ordering though. The chickpea salad that came with the lamb was excellent though - not overpoweringly sweet but just sweet enough to balance the lamb out. My friend got the pizza, and it was horrible. He described it better in the moment (you just had to be there), but effectively the pizza was just a piece of baked bread with a pile of steamed spinach on it. It's like when restaurants try to cater to vegetarians they just assume every vegetarian wants a mish mash or every single vegetable out there - that's not how it works man. The pizza wasn't really cooked well, it fell apart real easily, and there was just a gratuitous amount of spinach. My point is, don't eat the pizza. But overall I can't say it was bad. I would give it a 3.5 if I could but 4 works.
#REVIEW#Sometimes you just have to go with the flow. Surf the life force. Be in a state of wakeful trust and total collaboration with the universe to see what shows up for you, good or bad. Or you just go to the nearest place to eat 'cause your dogs are tired. I didn't mean the four-legged kind, I mean our blistered feet because Jamie W., our friend Carlos, and I were walking the Village and Chelsea like there was no tomorrow. Cookshop looked inviting to us since they had plenty of sidewalk seating on what was a balmy evening. We figured we could watch all the people walking by on their way to the High Line or Chelsea Market. Run by chef Marc Meyer and his wife Vicki Friedman, it's actually been around for about fifteen years and looked to be thriving.We were seated pretty easily on the patio, and the menu was standard new American with some interesting small plates like swordfish meatballs. We ended up sharing two starters. The first was the $10 Deviled Egg Tasting which made it sound a bit pretentious. It turned out to be a quartet of egg halves filled with lightly whipped yolks and topped with smidges of red onion, scallion, olive tapenade, and paprika sauce (photo: bit.ly/2EBkdd2). I'm addicted to deviled eggs if left with a plate of them, so I was aggressive enough to grab the extra one. The second plate was the standout, the $16 Burrata sitting in a blend of melted leeks, chives, olive oil, and Riesling wine and accompanied by heavily buttered rustic toast (photo: bit.ly/2q896hv). It was just so melty good that we were all gunning for it.We had more variable results with our entrees. Jamie ordered the $28 Swordfish with castelfranco & escarole, pistachio, capers, pickled red onions, and lemon (photo: bit.ly/2EEgXNZ). The salty accompaniments were solid, but the swordfish itself was a bit on the dry side. Carlos fared better with the $28 Berkshire Pork Chop done medium rare and ladled with brandy marinated plums, honey, and lime (photo: bit.ly/2CYsiGX). I agreed the balance between sweet and savory worked very well on this plate. My order was unfortunately the most lackluster, the $25 Spit Roasted Cascun Farm Chicken, a hearty portion of poultry accompanied by roasted heirloom carrots, celery root, parsnips, chile, and salsa verde (photo: bit.ly/2AmdOhR).The salsa was the only surprising note about this otherwise predictable dish hampered by the overcooked chicken. It pales considerably against the chicken breast Jamie had just the evening before at Kyma. The simply executed $10 Sautéed Escarole with garlic and lemon juice at least provided some nice contrast in texture and moistness (photo: bit.ly/2PcTWpI). The restaurant never really filled up, but the patio was hopping with well-behaved dogs and onerous baby strollers. It was a nice enough experience, but I was having a flashback to the luscious deliciousness of the Pollo al Forno at Barbuto nearby. Damn, we should have gone there. So much for going with the flow.FOOD - 3 stars...highs (burrata) and lows (spit roasted chicken) place this one squarely in the middleAMBIANCE - 4 stars...casual comfort on a patio where you can see and be seen when the weather cooperatesSERVICE - 3.5 stars...a bit on automatic but attentive enough when need beTOTAL - 3 stars...a little more consistency across the menu would make this Chelsea hot spot more pleasurableRELATED - Looking for other dining options in New York? Here's a collection of places I've tried and reviewed: bit.ly/2C7MvsK
#REVIEW#Excellent service, atmosphere and food.I highly reccomend Marie was wonderful!!!!Thank you
