#NAME#Victor's Cafe
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/victors-cafe-new-york-6?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban,tapas,lounges#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Stopped here with a friend 6/19/2019 for pre-show lunch.  We showed up 12pm with a 2 pm show.   I ordered off their $28 lunch menu which was Salpicon DeMariscos appetizer, Lechon Asado, and Flan.  Of course this is NYC so my $28 meal (without drinks) went up to $41 including tip.  The lunch was superb.  Really!  While I hated NYC prices I've got to say this lunch was perhaps the best ever in this town with an attentive wait staff.We left at 1:15 pm with plenty of time to make the show.  I recommend in a heart beat.
#REVIEW#Was there last night for my moms birthday. We got drinks and she didn't like hers (he suggested she get the guava margarita), the waiter asked if we liked it, she said no, he smiled and walked away. Very odd. You would think he would offer her another one? The appetizer Cuban quesadillas were good with shrimp creole (VERY SMALL BITES). Then she wanted the chicken breast entree and asked if the sweet potato purée comes with it because she doesn't want it. He said only a little bit and it's just decor. When she got her meal, it was saturated in sweet potato purée. She was so upset. She asked someone for a plate so she can scrap it aoff.... I asked for my salmon well done and it was still pink inside. He asked how everything was and she didn't want to complain about hers because it was her birthday (she normally would if she isn't satisfied), but I complained and he took mine back to cook more. On the positive note, he did bring it back with more rice and beans and on a new plate. Overall the food was good but the service wasn't. Lastly our waiter recommends tres leches and we get it, and it comes out and it's STILL FROZEN! We told our waiter about it and he said he will be sure to tell the chef. THATS NOT THE POINT! I PAID $170 USD for horrible service including a frozen tres leches and u don't even offer to take it off or get a discount??? Ru kidding me???&& adding update. So I emailed the owner below and no response for over a week now! You make it seem like you are doing good by writing up a 'contact me' response but you don't follow through.
#REVIEW#My wife and I came here on a Friday night for our anniversary about 7:30 pm.We love Cuban food and we're looking for a place with music. I wouldn't come back if the meal was free. What a rip-off. Overpriced.  Basically this place is for people that never had Cuban food and the owners get away with it.They have no Mariquitas, no Cuban American beer (like Hatuey),  a poor rum selection, no mojo on the table, salt and pepper, no bread, and there menu is quite  limited. Not a good experience at all. They said there was live music, and I saw the instruments there, bit they were  not being used. We sat for 50 minutes and listened to Latin Muzak like bachatas and  merengues (Dominican music),  and Spanish rock like Mana ( a Mexican band), not one Cuba song or artist was played. The música was to fast and to loud for a dinner mood.Truth is they were probably using the live music as a way to lure you in. As  we left at about 9pm they finally started to play.  No typical or classical Cuban music. They kept saying the band was on break. The arroz con pollo was a horror. It had no  taste to it. It was like white rice with yellow food coloring and a five is six small pieces of chicken breast Chuck's (see the picture) that averaged half of a boneless  breast, on one strip of a red pepper from a jar.  My wife's is a 1000 times better, and nothing there was impressive. Not the empanadas nor the croquetas. What we got the apps they were so-so. We had to ask for salt and pepper, and no bread was given with the meal.  Will never go back even for a free meal. The waiter was fine and I don't want to take out anything on him because of the poor  quality of food. I have an extra star just for him.
#REVIEW#What a beautiful place! It's a favorite of my work group, so it was a special treat when six of us were able to go. The found is excellent and the menu varied. We shared several dishes and the each had a main dish. The drinks were tasty and the Coconut Mojitos were a perfect compliment to all the dishes. The portion sizes were just right and each dish was well prepared. We sampled each other's dishes and that was fun ... some how we made room for dessert ... what a great night!
#REVIEW#This cool looking Cuban place was on our recommended list of places to eat while in NYC. We stopped here for dinner after mass at St Patrick's Cathedral. That church is amazing btw. But We were starving after and couldn't wait to fill our bellies with some good food. Well the wait was long for the food to come out and to be honest it was just mediocre. We started with the appetizer sampler dish and for entrees had the shrimp, pork, and sea bass. The price is a little bit high but we expected that going in. We were just a little surprised to pay $16 for 2 bottles of water.  The service wasn't bad but wasn't too friendly either. With all the places too eat in NYC,  I'd have to give this place a skip it rating.
#REVIEW#There was live music playing right next to our table and it was a great touch to the dining experience. It wasn't too loud, which is something that annoys me when I go to a restaurant with live music. Here, the volume was perfect and the music selection was great as well. The waiter was so nice and professional. Our table took so long to order because we were talking and catching up, but he didn't complain at all, rather told us with a smile to take our time. The food was on the expensive size but it tasted delicious! The shrimp dish was the best! Honestly, the salad was a bit disappointing. I ordered an appetizer avocado salad... and I literally got one avocado sliced on a plate. That was around 14 dollars.... crazy. The other dishes we ordered were good though. Better than expected. The flan was probably one of the best flans I've had. I would recommend this place!
#REVIEW#Great spot for Cuban food.I came with a large group (7 people) and we had a wonderful time. They sat us in the back in a large booth.We started with two orders of the ensalada de palmitos y mandarinas. This was a really nicely balanced salad and I was really pleasantly surprised to see that they were using fresh pieces of mandarin, instead of the canned stuff swimming in liquid.  We also got two orders of the 1492 Aperitivo Cubano. It was nice to get to taste several different Cuban specialties without having to commit to just one. Two orders of this was more than enough for the whole group to share. Everyone at the table basically got one of two dishes, which was kind of a shame when it comes to getting to try all different kinds of dishes, but everyone was so pleased with their meals that it was clear we made the right decision. I got the camarones enchilados, shrimp in a spicy creole sauce, boniato puree, and boniato crisps. Boniato, I learned, is sweet potato! The boniato puree was out of this world and the shrimp was amazing as well. The only complaint was that it felt like a sort of small portion, but then again, by the time I was ready to eat it, I was mostly full.The other popular dish at our table was the traditional ropa vieja, their version of which is classic and delicious.There was a large pitcher of red sangria that the table shared. It was really good, though lethal, because it didn't even really taste boozy. Even my dining companions, who are not big wine drinkers enjoyed it!The desserts were also quite tasty. Of those we ordered several, churros that came with a raspberry sauce, condensed milk, and caramel sauce. Always good. There was a tres leches cake that people seemed to enjoy, but I didn't partake in. And several other treats we loved, but I can't remember at the moment.
#REVIEW#Awesome mojitos and the plantain croquettes were delicious! Great for pre-theatre cocktail & bite!
#REVIEW#A Cuban jewel near Broadway Charming service.  Great food. Inspired mojitos  and daiquiris.    We had a great time, just like going to Cuba but no guilt!!   And I've been to Cuba I had shrimp, beloved offspring had chicken.   Pork at next table looked outstanding.   Great vibes--the kind of place where everyone looks happy and the staff makes you feel beloved.
#REVIEW#Fun restaurant was great vibes. Came here with a group of 7 for reservations at 7:30pm. Unfortunately, there was some mixup with the Open Table app and our reservation failed to secure. Thankfully, the hostess managed to squeeze us in.We honesty ordered everything off the menu and everything turned out good! My favorites were the ceviche and ropa vieja. Some other decent dishes were the AGUACATE RELLENO, and the special of the night which was whole cooked branzino. Everything else was just ok. I'm not a huge meat eater and most our dishes were meat so it was only "ok" to me. Everyone else really enjoyed everything. My friend who recommend this place is half Cuban so he really knows his Cuban food :) If you are in the Times Square area and want a nice Cuban meal, this is your place! Less than 2 min walk.
#REVIEW#Had a show to catch Friday night and needed a dinner spot near the theater. I'd visited years ago for lunch and recall it was just a check in the box. I had been inside and dined however I think it was Restaurant Week and I had a sandwich. Fast forward to today, I sat in the lounge and enjoyed dinner with live music We started off with complimentary warm plantain chips and the 1492 Aperitivo Cubano, recommended by the server, which is an assortment of classic Cuban appetizers. The apps were interesting but I wasn't impressed and I was starting to worry For entrees, we shared three entrees:Camarones Enchilados Shrimp in spicy creole sauce, boniato purée, boniato crispsLechón Asado Traditional roast pig marinated 48 hours, slowly roasted overnight in Cuban style mojo, hand cut garlic mojo yucca, morosRopa Vieja (Victor's house specialty)Slowly braised and pulled Prime Black Angus skirt steak in garlic, tomato, onion, pepper sauceWe enjoyed the shrimp dish and we loved the ropa vieja and lechon asado. We were torn which was the favorite of the two. Thankfully we shared and got to mix both dishes - both were delicious! Skipped dessert as we were in the zone for a bit and had a show to catch Highly recommend getting ropa vieja and lechon asado together if you can although I love to also try the other dinner entrees under the 'Carnes' section
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch with friends and really enjoyed our meal. This place has a nice atmosphere and has quite a large selection of food. Good venue for both dating or friends gathering. I would recommend the seafood dishes as it was the best of our orders.We ordered a chicken with puff pastry shell appetizer (Empanadas de Pollo), and chicken (Arroz Con Pollo), pork (Lechon Asad), as well as shrimp (Camarones Enchilados) main dishes. Overall they are good, but just standard South American food. We liked our shrimp dish the most, it was both savory and spicy. The chicken and pork dishes were good, but not mind blowing.Basically this is quite a good option if you're craving Cuban food with good atmosphere and selections, this is your place to go!
#REVIEW#Went before a 7 pm play. The waiter asked us if we had a play to catch.  That being said we arrived at 5:35. We watched as people streamed in after us and then get served before us. One table actually finished their meal before we got our dinner. When we finally got our meal at 6:10 we felt rushed to finish. Our waiter never returned to check on us.As for our meal - I asked for medium well salmon and it was under cooked. Very disappointed. Being that they're in the theater district is what saves them
#REVIEW#Victors is one of my favorite jewels in the city. I love the rope vieja. Seriously the most tender meat I've ever had. We also had an order of the empanadas and the coconatay mojitos. Omg!
#REVIEW#Positives.  Dining room pretty, especially the glass roof garden area.  Menu choices good and creative.  Food tasty, except avoid the shrimp ceviche thing as the sauce to that has zero flavor.The bad.  Service is beyond slow. It is snail paced even when tell them in rush.  The portion sizes are a joke.   30 dollars for an entree and y upou get a tablespoon sized portion of meat.  Rest of plate is rice.  We ordered 3 entrees and all were same in this regard.  Attitude of place is poor. Customer generally is wrong.  Won't be back.See Jessica K and Melanie R reviews below.  They tell it like it is.  Sadly.
#REVIEW#If you LOVE Cuban food and are in NYC- then Victors is the place to go. As a native from Miami where we have Cuban food on every corner (thankfully), I can safely say this is one of the best Cuban restaurants I have ever been too. We are here on vacation for Christmas week and need to have a good lechon for noche buena (Dec 24). This restaurant did not disappoint. From the appetizers; we ordered croquetas and a ceviche- everything was great. My daughter ordered a Arroz con Pollo (it takes 45 minutes because they make it fresh) and the dish was delicious and tasty, not just chicken and rice thrown together. The drinks were on point and if you love coconut like I do- get hw coconut mojito- you will not be disappointed. For the desserts- the arroz con leche was tasty, flan was good but make sure you order the Churros. They come with chocolate, caramel and dulce de leche dipping sauces.
#REVIEW#I had a friend visiting from overseas and decided to meet her and her sister here for dinner.The last time I dined here was 3-4yrs prior so I really hoped the food was still good. I have eaten here 2x before and both times were winter season, and I did not get to see the live band. Made reservations online for a late Sept dinner. And we were hoping to get some live band action.Our waiter was nice and the minute he mentioned that there was a whole fish special on the menu that night, we all knew THAT'S what we wanted.It was soooo delicious. Sides were rice and beans and we added plantains. Cocktails were yummy. I had the La Jefa x2.I didn't really like the dessert because it was too sweet for me, i had the rice pudding.But my guests enjoyed everything.We did pop over to the little bar section after dinner to have coffee, and enjoy the band for a bit. My guests even took to the floor to dance.Very lovely night and experience.
#REVIEW#I am a long time repeat customer that has been here 20+ times...  Bar was 'Closed for Private Party' on a Friday night - so we sat at our table 30 minutes early waiting for the third member of our party - what other choice did we have?  That is a dumb move by the owners, really pissed me off.  Got appetizer platter, told them two of is were allergic to shrimp, they said we'll put them on the side - which they did not.  Cocktail glass was so small it almost seemed like a joke?  Otherwise the food was very good as it usually is.  Lots of wait staff so overall attention is still good.  Just did not hit a home run as in past visits...
#REVIEW#One of the most fanciest Cuban places I have been to. Never knew this was in my neighborhood. Soon as I found out about this place and saw the great reviews, decided to try it out. Being in quite a prime location, it can be busy in the evenings, so I would recommend making reservations. We waited about 15 min for table, while we hung out at the bar where they had live music playing. This part pf the restaurant was quite casual and more chilled out. For the dinner we were seated in the back portion. They have a huge dining space and i particularly loved the decor. The sky-roof with plants hanging and a very cute little mechanical fan.As for the food, we ordered the Paella. The portion size was good enough for two people. The  lobster was delicious! We broke every part of it and searched every nooks and corners to find more of it. I got myself the vegetable paella and i would not recommend getting it. It was just plain bland.! We also got the Churrasco con Chimichurri. The beef was well done as requested. It was the chimichuri sauce that took the dish from good to wow! Highly recommended. The portion size is good for one.The experience was good and we surely had to wait longer because the paella takes a while but the only reason I would rate it 3 and half instead of four would be because of the service. Our server in particular was very less attentive. Most of the other servers seemed quite happy and on their toes but ours was very disinterested in doing what he was doing. Other than that everything was pretty  good and this place, though pricey is sure to try once at least.
#REVIEW#The portion size is RIDICULOUSLY SMALL for its price. All the entrees including the paella (suprisingly) is NOT family size. It depends on what you prefer I guess but we were hungry. Arroz con pollo - Verrryyy salty but not overbearing. Salty does not equal flavor. I don't think it was worth waiting 45 minutes for it. Camarones Enchilados - Average. The boniato puree and shrimp were cooked perfectly. The sauce was too sweet and the side of beans were too salty which didn't work together. Ropa Vieja - My favorite of the night. The meat was tender and delicious. I asked for hot sauce but they don't carry it at all. Sangria - Very good. One of the better ones I've had but not worth $45.Service was good. The ambiance was nice and spacious with good music. I made reservations to sit under the roof deck but they were stupid picky about it. I probably won't return.
