#NAME#Los Tacos No.1
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/los-tacos-no-1-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tacos#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Best quesadillas I've ever had ! I ordered both the steak and chicken. Steak is the way to go! It is standing tables only but people do not stay long so you'll find a spot by the time your food is ready. Staff is nice and friendly.
#REVIEW#Wow!!! What a place. I've had not had tacos like this before. They are amazing! Authentic, Mexican tacos that will forever be in my itinerary every time I come to NY. You truly don't know what to expect because there is not even chairs to sit down. It's just stations with sauces and spices and people are standing up while eating. But it's exactly that, a fast pace taco restaurant where you can quickly stop by and have the best tacos in the city. Be ready to order because they are going a thousand miles per customer, and the spicy sauce it's SPICY so if you don't like spice make sure you leave that one out. Their pork belly taco is like from heaven. It has pineapple and the perfect combination of seasoning and sauce. They also have authentic Mexican beverages like flor de Jamaica and agua de tamarindo which are always popular.Do not, DO NOT miss this place!!!! It will change your love for Mexican food!!! -El Futbolero
#REVIEW#These tacos are as good as it gets in New York for street style authentic tacos! It's all about the adobada tacos!! If you were considering whether or not you want 4 or 5 tacos, just go for 5.. because I guarantee that you're going to regret waiting in line again. Don't let the line discourage you however, it does move fairly quickly. You order what you want first, then bring your receipt to the cooks and they will ask you if you want corn or flour tortilla and all the fixings inside. The one thing I was surprised about is that they only give you one piece of tortilla (typically tacos give you two layers). Standing room only, and the place is usually always packed, but just wait a few minutes and tables will typically clear up. This is obviously going to be more expensive than what you can typically find in Souther California, but if you're craving tacos, this is definitely the place to go!
#REVIEW#The hype is real! A little greasy but so so good! No seating, unfortunately, but really easy, fast and SO DELICIOUS!
#REVIEW#Mmhmm those are some great tacos!!The day that we went, there was a line of at least 20 people waiting outside the restaurant. However, it only took about 15 minutes to get through the line and place the order. And then it took another 5 minutes to get the tacos. Altogether, it is definitely worth the wait. Make sure you get your ticket after you order, because "no ticket, no taco, and no exceptions!"The menu is very simple, and written on the wall. You should definitely try the horchata, which complements the meal and spiciness of the tacos. I really like the Carne Asada (grilled steak) and the Adobada (marinated pork), which was quite spicy. The Pollo Asado (grilled chicken) was also pretty good, and was the least spicy. They have counters where you can stand and eat. We scarfed down our food. Maybe in part due to the fast-paced and loud music that they play haha.
#REVIEW#I think Los Tacos are the best tacos, both quality and price wise, in NYC. It's hard to find good street-style taco places in the city, but I would say Los Tacos are the closest to those taco trucks in CA or the ones I've tried in Mexico. Each taco is less than $4 and you get to choose either you want flour or corn tortilla. You can see them making it right in front of you while you wait for your order. I got their grilled steak tacos and grilled chicken tacos with corn tortilla. Then you add other toppings like chopped tomatoes, sala, guac, etc. by yourself. The only downside of this place is that there are no seats so you have to stand and eat. But this place is still one of my favorite places for tacos!
#REVIEW#The best about this place is the wait was short. I came here on Wednesday around noon and from lining up to finish eating was not even 30 mins. I ordered two steak tacos and a chicken taco...they were definitely one of the best tacos I have even had (I lived in California for 14 years and had some really good tacos..). So if you want a great taco, this place will not disappoint. There were no seating area so be mindful if you want a comfortable meal. The standing area are decent but it can get really crowded. The line is quick so don't get scared by the long line outside the restaurant. Overall, this is a MUST GO taco place if you are visiting nyc.
#REVIEW#The line is pretty long for lunch during a weekday (we went on Thursday and it was raining) but it moves pretty fast. We waited about 15 min to order. There's no seating, only standing tables so it helps to make the meal quick! We got the steak and pork tacos and the guacamole. All super great tasting. There's unlimited salsa on the side.
#REVIEW#Great fast food taco joint in Times Square. Yummy chips and guacamole. Pick your taco meat and tortilla. And go find a table to stand at and enjoy your meal. The pineapple Fanta was really good!  Be prepared for a line.
#REVIEW#Mexican food in New York City by Time Square. Total tourist trap with bland over-priced food, right? WRONGThe food is authentic and fantastic. The food ordering system is a little confusing and the quesadilla is a slightly larger taco that's open faced with cheese (not what most people traditionally think of a quesadilla with a tortilla folded in half). Meat flavor is great and the salsas are awesome. As a guy who lived in Southern California for over a decade I think the food is some of the best Mexican food I've had on the east coast and I highly recommend this place!
#REVIEW#Yes yes yes yes! That's all I can say! Stuffed my face at this awesome establishment. It's initially daunting when you walk in because everything moves at such a quick place but I love that you go in, get your food, stuff your face and gtfo of there. My favorite taco was probably the Tacos al pastor. I found it to be the most flavorful as it has a nice balance of sweet, salt and savory. I am definitely coming back again to get my fill. 10/10!
#REVIEW#If you are in Times Square this place is a must stop!!! Reasonable, authentic and delicious. I'm from CA and we have hardly any (yummy) authentic Mexican tacos on the east coast. We really need one of these in D.C.The inside is very plain, but cool because you can see them making the tacos and the al pastor rotating. You first order you tacos, take your reciept and they will ask you if you want your tacos "con todo"..with everything or not.I will be back next time I am in NY!!!
#REVIEW#Stopped in for a quick bite with my wife and parents. While the seating arrangement and ordering process was clumsy, the food was tremendous. For whatever reason the best Taco shops I've had across the country have inordinately complex ordering systems and awkward seating. Tried a carne asada and pollo taco as well as a adobada mula. All three where dynamite. While many taco shops/stands disguise poor quality meat and tortillas with loads of sour cream and pico, this spot did it right with fresh tortillas and exceptional meat. Growing up in Las Vegas I had high exposure to Taco spots and tacos are one of my favorite foods. This was one of the 5 best tacos I've ever had. Definitely the best Mexican food in the month I've been on the eat Coast.
#REVIEW#The tacos were so good and fresh and the ingredients so flavorful I think we might have eaten half the paper wrapping in our efforts to push them in our faces as quickly as possible.Seriously delish. And everyone were so nice, I was like, is this times square? Would go again and again and order one of everything on the menu.
#REVIEW#It's my first time here, I have to say they have the best Taco in the city. Had a try for Mexican soda- (green apple soda) and it was suprisly not that sweet and I like it very much. The line was long but definitely worth of waiting.
#REVIEW#Holy crap this place really lived up to all the hype. The line moves quick, the tacos are each only four bucks, there's only four kinds of tacos to choose from, and there's only four toppings (creamy guac sauce, salsa, white onions, and cilantro). While the chicken and the grilled pineapple both looked great, I highly recommend the steak as well as their famous taco: the pork with pineapple. However, any of the four you choose from are guaranteed to be fantastic.
#REVIEW#These are the best tacos I've ever eaten! We were in NYC for 5 days. We liked these so much, we ate there 2 days in a row!!! We ate at the Times Square location.  Expect a line to get in, but it goes pretty quickly.  We had some chicken, steak and carnitas tacos...delicious! The sauce was super spicy! I opted to not have it the second time I ate there. The quesadillas were delicious and the chips and guacamole were outstanding. There are no seats at the restaurant but you can stand and eat at the counters. The price was reasonable. Our trip was almost one month ago, and my kids are still talking about this place! We keep looking for places in Miami that have similar food...but no luck.   I guess we need to make another trip it NYC! Lol
#REVIEW#The tacos are DELISH!  Friends and I got a variety to try, and it didn't seem like they were really all that expensive until they added it all up.  Got 3 tacos, a side of chips and guac, and some drinks.  It cost more than I expected.  The tacos were YUMMY and the chips and guac were good.  Seems to be a VERY popular place, but the line moves pretty fast.  I'd eat here again.
#REVIEW#They call this spot #1 for a reason. Listen to the people!!Im obsessed with these tacos. Carne asada is my favorite. I get 2, flour tortilla, con todo. Fills me up perfectly!You order at the register then they give you your receipt to hand to the cooks and that's when they start preparing your order.Try not to go during weekday lunch hour as the line often goes out the door.The flour tortillas are soft and everything inside has phenomenal flavor. These guys know what they're doing.Plus this location is way bigger than the one in Chelsea Market. There's no seats but tons of room to stand over the bars and eat.
#REVIEW#Stopped here in between Harry Potter Part 1 and Part 2! This place was crowded, but a quick in and out kind of restaurant. Standing room with counters only, but fairly clean and modern. Ordering was quick and pick up was just as quick. You give the cook your order slip and they trade you your plate of tacos. The tacos were straightforward and delicious. I ordered the corn taco for both the carne asada and pork adobada. My preference is definitely the carne asada. Corn taco was freshly made and steak was not dry. Customers were able to put their own salsa with cilantro and onions on their taco to their liking and I packed it! Carne asada was flavorful too, but pork just isn't my go-to. I had three tacos and it filled me up for around $10. I would come by for a quick bite next time I visit NYC.
