#NAME#Brindle Room
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/brindle-room-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,bars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is probably my favorite restaurant ever. Before we go to Brindle, we make sure to look up videos about Sebastian's steakhouse burger on YouTube that show you how to cover your lips with the fat from the deckle and smack them together for maximum enjoyment (kidding, kind of).As many of the other reviewers say, the burger is simple, but amazing. And there actually are several YouTube videos of the owner of the restaurant commenting on the decisions he's made in terms of meat composition (30% fat!) and accoutrements (keep it simple with caramelized onions and American cheese). They also recently moved everything on their menu to a la carte, so this baby is only $12 - get two!The fries are also great and even greater if you know to ask for the aioli. I don't even know what kind of aioli it is, but it's banging. A side is now $3 in the new a la carte format. You don't get a ton, but they're real good.Kale salad is awesome. Whatever they use for dressing is very good and tangy. The duck confit poutine and the chicken wings (served with three and they're huge) make great starters. All beers are now $5!This is place is a must-go in New York. Seriously, best burger I've ever had.
#REVIEW#Super straightforward and simple. Get the burger. As a note: it is on the salty side, but it's a damn good regardless. But if you're sensitive to salt I could see not enjoying this style. Went here on a Wednesday night around 9 and sat down right away. Had the cauliflower mac and cheese dish as an appetizer and it was okay. I would stick with the burgers and not get distracted. Weird thing I learned: They have the letters PGB everywhere, on the walls, on the sauces they sell, ect. I asked what it stands for and the waitress mentioned that they are SUPPOSED to say it's the owners grandmother's initials...but it really stands for Prison Gang Bang. Woah. Very weird and slightly...unsettling?
#REVIEW#Something is going on here. We have been going since Brindle Room opened and recommended it since, but today was a mess. They only offered two wines and were out of one. My wife tried the pork burger which was overcooked and my burger was rather tasteless as compared to the past. The texture of the french fries were prefect but fully over salted.We hope success has not ruined the place.
#REVIEW#Burgers are very tasty! Whatever they use to season is delicious. We went on a weekend evening and got seated within 10 minutes. We also got the poutine which is really fantastic. The duck gravy they use has a real depth of flavor.Only four stars because the place is a little cramped and drafty. There's also a limited selection for drinks. They had wine and beer, but there was no cider the evening we were there.
#REVIEW#Food: I came here for brunch with friends which was great close to opening time because there was no wait time. I have been wanting to come here to try their famous burger which did not disappoint! Possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Loved the crispy burned parts with the moist, not overcooked center. The caramelized onions was an extra touch! Also had their famous pork confit poutine which was absolutely delicious! Wished the pouched egg would have not been overcooked, otherwise it was perfect! They also have a rotating daily special--for us they had a french toast which was pretty bomb!FYI their homemade spicy sauce is pretty bomb as well and can be brought home for $12!Drinks: Nice selection of beers all for $5! They also have some wines! Vibe: Small and cozy place which did not feel crowded at all! Better for smaller groups but they have a large bar and plenty of seats available.Service: Very attentive and patient! I appreciated that we did not feel rushed even though we did take our time eating and catching up with my friends.
#REVIEW#Well, I was on the hunt for the best burger in the city, and this place is apparently one of them...I ordered the Sebastian Steak House Burger and the New England clam chowder. The burger definitely lived up to its proclaimed hype. It was a solid burger. The beef was very tender and the caramelized onions complemented it very well. On the flip side, the New England clam chowder was one of the worst soups I have ever had in my life. I LOVE soups to the point where I even have a lot of it during the summers. But the New England clam chowder tasted very watered down...honestly, it didn't taste like anything at all...The service was great though! I would definitely come back for the burger, but I would be hesitant to try another soup from here.
#REVIEW#Yummy yummy in my tummy. Yummy yummy in my tummy. Sorry, that's the song I sing whenever I am eating a delicious burger. If you're into fast food style burgers (think shake shack, five guys, etc), then this is the place for you. One of the best I've had in NYC. The fries were surprisingly tasty as well. Brindle room is situated on a quieter street, but no fear, the atmosphere inside is still buzzing and fun. Best to make a reservation during peak times, as the restaurant is somewhat small. Service is fast. Free beer with a yelp check-in....cheers!!
#REVIEW#My date took me here last night. It's a tiny restaurant, and it was Saturday night, so needless to say it was crowded. He tried to make reservations, but they only take reservations for parties of 6 or more. But they have a live wait list on Yelp, which you can put yourself on when you're close to getting there. We did that, and got there just in time before it got super packed. We waited around 10 minutes for a table which wasn't bad. So we ordered the burger of course, the special short rib sandwich with horseradish aioli, and pork confit poutine. We split the burger and sandwich in half so we could both try it. I went for the burger first and it was juicy, cooked well, good flavor. The short rib sandwich was just ok for me, but my date was very into it. The poutine, although fairly certain not at all like Montreal's, was really delicious. Food is on the small side, so don't be afraid to add on the sides/starters. My one minor complaint about the food is everything was a bit oversalted. I'm grateful that it wasn't bland, but they could just cut back a hair on the salt and it'll be perfect.All in all, pretty good place and service. Worth a try.
#REVIEW#Burgers as pictured - I can sincerely agree that it was the best burger I have ever had. Simple white bread bun, flavor enhancing sautéed onions, perfectly melted cheese and a ridiculously unique combination of meat to make juiciest, melt in your mouth burger eating experience. Also if you check in on Yelp, you get a free beer with your burger! Can't beat that.
#REVIEW#All I have to say is, it's about damn time!  My burger quest is officially complete.  I've found the best burger in NYC and it's served at the Brindle Room.I set my expectations low from the outset.  Trust me, we've all been here before.  You google "Best Burger NYC," solicit the opinion of friends, co-workers, and complete strangers (that's where Yelp comes into play).  And then the moment of truth arrives... disappointment.  Not this time around!Do yourself a favor and skip the appetizers and order a round of beer and a couple of Steakhouse Burgers.  As first timers, we made the mistake of ordering from the starters menu.  We shared the Spicy Calamari and Cider Roasted Carrots.  Both dishes were underseasoned and lacked flavor.That burger... holy cow... juicy, well-seasoned, and cooked to perfection (medium).  Their medium is closer to medium-rare.Service is prompt and efficient.
#REVIEW#Nice restaurant; cool vibe, yet the kitchen feels Lille something out of Murray hill.  The type of burger most preferred by that straight out of college, never had a hamburger outside of the country club crowd.  Pork burger was a a sausage, egg and cheese: hold the egg and cheese.  The steakhouse burger was was salted like the Berbers had to carry that shit in on camelback to Tunis.  Chili fries were good, and although poutine is never good even in Quebec-a noble effort was made.
#REVIEW#Brindle Room has been in my Yelp bookmarks queue for ages, and finally, I've been able to stop by and try out their popular Steakhouse Burger. Note: If you're reading this in 2019, please note that Time Out NY does sell a special Burger Box deal in which you receive 50% off 8 different burger spots around the city and Brooklyn. Located in the heart of the East Village, Brindle Room is a small, but cozy spot for a burger. In comparison to other burger spots within the city, Brindle Room, at least when I was there, is pretty quiet. This makes it a perfect date spot or any spot for that matter, where you'd actually want to hear your conversation. The menu at Brindle Room is small, but for the most part, you're going there for a burger, beer, and perhaps an appetizer. At $17.00, Sebastian's Steakhouse Burger is not a cheap burger. Furthermore, it comes without fries, so for both, you're looking at a $20.00 meal. For appetizers, I ordered the cauliflower mac and cheese. This, to my surprise, was the highlight of my meal. It came out nice and cheesy, and was nicely complimented with the cauliflower. My only desire is that it would have had more cauliflower vs macaroni.Now for the burger itself, I was expecting a larger burger for the price. Nonetheless, the quality of the patty itself made this burger and visit a delicious experience. The bun was nicely toasted, the toppings didn't overpower the patty, and the meat itself was nice and juicy. On the side, the fries were tasty, but I wished that they gave me more than a few fries for $3. Overall, Brindle Room is a great option if you're craving burgers and are in the East Village. It does feel a little pricey, but if you're a burger fanatic, or have a great deal, then you're in for a treat.
#REVIEW#I came here with a few friends for brunch one afternoon. We were in the area for a wrestling pop up (the things we do for the people we love, am I right?) and were starving afterwards. We arrived at about 1pm and there were still a few tables open. They have a pretty straightforward menu. I was extremely tempted to get the burger because it looks like that's what they're known for, but when I saw the smoked salmon hash, there was no turning back. My other two friends ordered the Shakshuka and coffees. I was hankering for an iced coffee, but they didn't offer this option. The service was a bit odd, they didn't bring everything out together. My friends both ordered coffee. They brought one out right away and said the other was on its' way. After 10 minutes, it still hasn't arrived. When my friend reminded our waiter, then he brought it out. I think they honestly just forget. The shakshuka dishes were brought out at the same time, but my dish didn't arrive for another 5 minutes. The waiter didn't mention a thing about my dish when he brought the others to our table. It was just a bit weird.Food is pretty good though. The smoked salmon hash is delicious and packs some heat to it. But I'm not sure why they call it smoked salmon, when it isn't smoked. It just looks like salmon cooked regularly. The flavors in the dish are delicious though and the poached eggs bring the dish together. My friends enjoyed their Shakshuka dish, but it isn't the traditional dish you'd think of. There is feta cheese and peppers added in there as well. Overall, I had a delicious meal here and would come back again. Service was a little odd, but the waiter was still very nice overall even though not everything came out at once.
#REVIEW#Stopped by here on a quest to find the best burger in the city, and I wasn't disappointed. Brindle Room has great service, rustic and cozy ambiance, and excellent burgers.The burgers were juicy, cooked to a medium rare, and packed with flavorful. It's definitely a contestant amongst the top burger spots in the city; however, I was pretty disappointed with the rest of the menu. The poutine was overly salty and drenched in sauce. The soup was also seriously mediocre, so I took two sips and put it down.tl;dr - come for the burger and fries, skip the rest of the menu.
#REVIEW#Went to the Brindle Room, as my girlfriend and I noticed it was right down the street and were craving a burger. We each ordered the Sebastian's steakhouse burger and split the chilli cheese fries. The burgers were great but at $14 each they were a bit small and didn't come with fries (which would have made it more worth it). Even though they were overpriced, the burgers were delicious! Really tasty. The one thing this place is missing is beer on tap... I ordered a beer (an IPA for $5) but sadly it was out of the can. It just tastes better on tap. Overall, great food but would increase the portion size.
#REVIEW#The restaurant is located in downtown Manhattan. It is small, cozy, and quaint. We came in during lunch and were seated right away. We chose to skip appetizers and order our entrees as quickly as possible. I ordered the steakhouse burger and upgraded my fries to Italian fries. The burger had a nice flavor but was incredibly greasy. My partner and I decided to half our sandwiches. He ordered the fried chicken sandwich. The sandwich was also very greasy and had loads of cheese that took away from the sandwich. The chicken and fries were lacking in salt. My partner ordered a strawberry lemonade that he did not enjoy. However, the staff was quick, helpful, and happy to be working. The restaurant had an intimate ambience which was great for our mid day date. I don't think I would come back only because the food was overpriced for the quality we received.
#REVIEW#Intimate/dark restaurant, great for a date or for a group of friends trying to catch up. Very laid back with quality food.Had the short ribs with mashed potatoes (even though they're known for burgers, BTW free beer with order of burger - if you check in through Yelp). But I love short ribs AND mashed potatoes so there was no way I was going to pass on that!Absolutely no regrets! Short ribs, tender and not too fatty. Mashed potatoes, heavenly, especially in that sauce! I think the sauce pulled everything together. I could have that sauce with white rice and it would be good. Definitely want to go back!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday night around 6:15pm. The place was half empty and we got seated right away. Our whole table ordered the Sebastian burger and was quite pleased with it. The size of the burger was just right for me, it also came with some fries on the side. Our table also ordered cauliflower macaroni to share which was also very nice. Beers are $5 all around. Will definitely come back here again. We left around 8pm and the place was around 85% full.
#REVIEW#Table of 8 we sat pretty quickly. I'm usually looking at what my fellow Yelpers say about a menu. There were quite a bit of reviews on the steak burger which I admire but I also feel like a burger you really can get at a lot of restaurants. Btw my friends ordered it and it really was a great burger. As for me I chose the PORK CONFIT POUTINE. I've never had this before but read this is actually Canadian. It was seasoned really well. The pork was nice and tender, the gravy was really delicious and it was covered with French fries and cheese. One feedback I have is more of a personal preference than anything else; I do wish there was more fries and maybe less cheese (only because it was all over the bottom of the dish) I think a slightly bigger bowl with more fries would have been perfect (for me). Other than that it was a really nice dish I really Happy I chose it. Defiantly I'd go back, maybe try the burger but the menu although not huge they do have some nice choices.
#REVIEW#The burger is a top tier burger. My second favorite to Peter Luger, actually. Ask for medium rare or rare. Could see skipping the cheese and adding raw onion. Other things I've had have also been very good.
