#NAME#Nobu Fifty Seven
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/nobu-fifty-seven-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,japanese,asianfusion#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Nobu Fifty Seven is a prime spot for a "treat yo self" kind of sushi night. Key tip, make a reservation  a bit in advance of when you want to dine in - I made my reservation for a Saturday night about a week before and all that was open was 9pm. The vibe is very chic trendy and the restaurant was huge, so it was nice to not be packed in like a sardine like most NYC restaurants. Service was friendly but no-frills, which was fine. This will be the only "meh" part of my review - the appetizers. If skip the edamame and shishito peppers. Other than being seasoned with salt, they were just bland and I've certainly had better at less high end establishments in the city. The rest of the food, particularly the sushi on the other hand was FAB. I got the mushroom soup ($12) and was surprised to see how big the portion was and how stuffed it was with mushrooms. For my sushi, I did hand rolls of the scallop and smelt egg as well as the eel and cucumber. I would gladly order both again, but I preferred the scallop and egg since it was so different. Be prepared to drop over $100 per person for the whole shebang once you add in drinks and potentially desserts.
#REVIEW#The king crab with shiso butter was too salty. It was $40. I should have sent it back. I expect perfection from Nobu. My daughter and I met with her dad, my ex-husband at Nobu Fifty Seven on a Friday evening, 6/21/3019. Our reservation was at 6:45.We ordered 12 oysters, toro with caviar, New Style Sashimi, white fish with lemon sauce, spicy tuna cut rolls, salmon and scallops sashimi, and king crab legs with shiso butter. There were a lot going of diners. The view isn't as nice as the one in Malibu but the interior was nice.
#REVIEW#Nobu in Dallas is by far my favorite restaurant so I assumed the mother ship would be just as fantastic- not the case. First we we made reservations for 6:30 but were told they needed the table back by 9  well we ended leaving around 8 and the place was empty. The food was good but you don't get as much tuna with the crispy rice dish that they give you in Dallas. Overall food was as expected. However, this location needs a major makeover. The decor looks dated and tired. At nobu prices you'd think they would invest in themselves. Anyway- I'll still go as I love the food but I'll save it for the Dallas location
#REVIEW#It was 3pm. We ducked into Nobu before the rain hit. We had just spent 4 hours at the Met Art. We needed liquid courage and nutrition to face the remainder of the day. Nobu did not disappoint. We both had a Matsuhisa Martini of 16 Reyka Vodka, Hokusetsu Sake & Ginger with Cucumber slices. This cocktail was intoxicatingly dry. It was packed with just the right punch to make us forget our leg cramps..:) The Bar food of California Rolls made with real crab and fresh avocado then dipped into soy sauce with "Wasabi!!" was scrumptious. The Nobu Signature Dish of "Caramelised Black Cod" was perfectly cooked melt in your mouth deliciousness..:) We felt like royalty. The Bar staff and particularly the Bar Manager were very attentive and enjoyable. Thanks for reading. Avram Akira Kurosawa
#REVIEW#Birthday dinner celebration on a Friday. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the decor of this place. The food was amazing and the service was great. We ordered the chicken lollipops, rock shrimp, garlic shrimp, fried crispy rice and lobster tacos. Everything was well prepared, fresh and hot. Our server Dion was on point and professional.
#REVIEW#Great food and excellent environment..Another pricey restaurant.. but for special occasions it's worth it..
#REVIEW#Food tastes very fresh. I had some kind of mixed sushi platter which had a tuna roll and assortment of chefs special sushi. Tuna roll was very good rest of the sushi pieces were meh. Just think there's tons of places all over Manhattan which make good sushi without such high costs. I'm sure Nobu has other dishes which are great but I only had sushi.
#REVIEW#Came for a small bite during the mid afternoon. Had the yellowtail, salmon and crab tacos with some tea. They were very good.
#REVIEW#Such high expectations at Nobu Fifty Seven but ultimately a little bit let down, so can't award it 5 stars. Whenever we are at a place that has a Nobu, we make it a mission to have a meal there. One of us always gets the Signature Tasting while the other orders our favorite classics. I'm not sure what happened at this location, but I feel like we were a bit nickeled and dimed. Orange juice was only poured halfway but charged full price. Cokes were mostly ice and charge for each refill. And my Signature Tasting courses were mostly tiny dishes without a meat entree. I've never had the Signature Tasting at any other location where they didn't serve a meat. This location also does not offer any complimentary anything for special occasions, so you have to buy a dessert if you want a candle. Here are the tasting courses I had: 1. Vegetable handroll2. Yellowtail tartar with caviar3. 4 pieces nigiri sushi: spicy salmon on crispy rice, tuna, snapper and eel4. Salmon new style sashimi5. Tuna tataki salad with cilantro dressing6. Seafood ceviche taco 7. King crab tempura8. Black cod with miso9. Somen noodle and mushroom soup10. Seasonal fruit plate with raspberry and strawberry sorbetsNon-Signature Tasting items we had: yellowtail jalapeño, Miyazaki wagyu ishiyaki, chicken teriyaki, tamago nigiri sushi, shrimp tempura roll, miso soup, vanilla gelato, and chocolate bento box. Yum.Overall, I think the quality was very good, sat us promptly despite us arriving a few minutes late, and they accommodated food allergies and preferences which is a huge plus. The stinginess is what brought the star rating down.
#REVIEW#Once you get past how expensive it is here, the food takes you on an amazing journey. This experience at Nobu was life changing for me, I have never had better raw fish. I came here with my girlfriend and we ordered a bunch of things to share: Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno - this was top notch, so fresh and delicious. The jalapeno also did not make it all that spicy, which we were concerned would happen. 5/5Fluke sashimi with dry miso and yuzu - probably my favorite thing ever. It melts in your mouth but has that kick of dry miso complemented by a savory light yuzu sauce. Earns well over 5 stars Crispy Rice - ordered these on everyones recommendations. Yes, very good, but a rip off at $27. 5 stars for food, 1 star for price Rock shrimp - also got this based on everyones recommendation. These were really good and pretty simple. They did not live up to the hype everyone puts around them though. 4/5Beef toban yaki - our waiter recommended this and it was a perfect sidestep from all of the seafood we had been eating. Very rich broth and fresh vegetables to complement a delicious slab of meat in a hot bowl. 5/5 We finished up with some sushi/nigiri each, which was all amazing. The nigiri (over rice) was especially delicious, as it should be at a sushi restaurant. 5/5 across the board for theseOverall an amazing experience and I would definitely return. We were fortunate enough to have a gift card so only ended up paying about 50 bucks each (mostly consisted of tax and tip), but I would come back and focus more on the best parts of this meal next time. Nobu is definitely one of those must-try-at-some-point places, especially if you appreciate raw fish
#REVIEW#Wvery Nobu we've been to (SD,LA and LV) is amazing. This one was no different. The menu is full of high quality asian fusion food. Our go to is always the yellowtail jalapeño. The yellowtail is like butter. It almost melts in your mouth. And then we go to rock shrimp tempura. Perfect fried and the sauce is citrusy and spicy. A perfect balance. We tried their special. Wagyu beef on a bed of asparagus. Amazingly high quality and flavorful beef. It is well worth the price. It was my wife's birthday and she wanted to celebrate it here because she loves the experience every time we come. A little side note. I don't eat sugar and it was awesome to find a dessert sweetened with monkfruit. It did not disappoint!
#REVIEW#Came here for drinks with friends. Beautiful decor and exotic drinks had us ready some of the finest sushi in town. They say there is a peruvian twist tobthe dishes. Pretty much just more spicier than your typical bites. The salad really big. Lots of lobster. They closed at midnight which was sad. We'll def come again.
#REVIEW#Went here on a Sunday night and the place was packed! Luckily there were two seats in the sushi bar where they also offer the full menu. We were seated as soon as we got in. I think that the sushi bar provides a great experience since you could see the professional chefs right in front of you. We ordered the yellowfin tuna with the ponzu sauce, cilantro, and peppers on it - it was phenomenal. A dense start to our night but not too filling. We also got several orders of salmon sashimi, tuna sashimi, tamago sushi, salmon roe sushi, and California roll. You pay for each piece (except for the rolls) so it could get quite expensive. However, it was worth it. Everything was so fresh! Service was quick and they will make you feel comfortable and heard. Hoping to go back soon :) Wasn't able to take some pictures because the restaurant felt so formal that I was apprehensive with bringing my phone out for photos. Haha!
#REVIEW#Beautiful restaurant with two floors and tons of seating. We stopped by for lunch and ordered sushi. Shrimp tempura and a California roll is what we had. They were amazing! Waitress was also quick and attentive.
#REVIEW#Excellent food, service, decor and ambiance. Awesome drinks and I even got to see Bruce Willis here. However, portions are small, and prepare your wallet for some pain. Value is subjective depending on your budget.In terms of the food, we kept ordering the entire night, were extremely impressed but never felt quite full.Drinks - really liked the whiskey sidecar and the Margharita. Girls loved the watermelon one, and the lychee martini was perfect. Crispy rice - really innovative - they do this as separate components - crispy rice squares, soy sauce and spicy tuna. Helps keep the rice crunchy! Miso eggplant - two slices that are meant to be scooped out. Flavorful and deliciousCauliflower jalepeno - really liked this dishSeabass - fish was juicy and topped with some sort of spicy tobiko. Portion was tiny though! Fish tacos - crispy and delicious, but they were $9 per piece. Yeah. Nuts. Banana and the chocolate desserts were great, but again, very expensive. We also got the mochi which was a nice assortment of flavors. Overall, not a bad place to try, but just keep in mind that you're going to spend for the experience, not necessarily for the quantity of food you'll get
#REVIEW#WOW WOW WOW. What an amazing experience at Nobu 57. This location is much smaller than its Tribeca counterpart. Dinner service opens at 5:45PM and 3 minutes later, the bar area was completely packed. We did not have a reservation, but Brigette worked her magic and got us a table by the bar. In our party of three, one was a vegetarian. Our server Colette was PHENOMENAL. I can't praise her enough for her thoughtfulness, suggestions and expertise. She recommended amazing, meatless dishes for my friend. We all took some bites and agreed the mushroom with the truffle oil was the best dish. It was sooooo decadent and seasoned on point. We ordered a crispy rice dish with spicy tuna and they were able to accommodate my friend's version with guacamole instead. Based off some reviews, we tried the rock shrimp tempura and that was just mediocre. It wasn't bad but nothing stood out about it. I ordered the chef's sashimi selection and 2 hand rolls. Colette asked if i had any requests and I just didn't want any mackerel in my meal. When it arrived, she was so quick to spot the mackerel on my platter and was beyond apologetic. I said it was fine since I had so many other pieces of fish to consume. She brought over a single piece of sea perch to replace it and OMG it was fantastic. It was so buttery and I didn't need any soy sauce to devour it. My table shared three desserts and the soy banana with gelato was the star. I quite enjoyed my mochi as well. The skin was thin and stretchy. Highly recommended dinner experience for a night out or special occasion. You will not regret it.
#REVIEW#My love and I had an amazing time celebrating her birthday at Nobu.  She loves sushi and I surprised her by making reservations here.  I knew it was going to be pricey, but seeing her reaction to everything we ordered was worth every penny.  I can't recommend it highly enough, especially the yellowtail and jalapeño and the crispy rice and spicy tuna.  She really loved the Toro as well.
#REVIEW#Love Nobu, I have been to Midtown Downtown and Palo Alto CA, Always fantastic experience with Nobu.
#REVIEW#Great sushi selection lunch menu ($45).Enjoyed it very much with a side of Diet Coke. Soy sauce seemed a little-salty. But everything else seems good. Courteous staff was also a plus. I had a problem using up a gift card and that was solved as well. Good job!
#REVIEW#Been here so many times and I just saw that I haven't written a review, I must have missed 10 checkins! The place is really pretty and the food is top notch. Service can be spotty at times if its been a long day and the team gets a little frustrated. But usually the manager always covers up in a good way. By default I end up going with a vegetarian group so I can say I have had everything veg there is to eat on the entire menu and its pretty good. On my last visit for lunch I had a sashimi plate which was as good as can be. My only issue is that this place is way way way overpriced! Granted it's on 57th street and they have survived this long, you can understand why. $9 for one piece of veg taco, which is basically super tiny, is theft. So if you get invited or have a expense account no problem! If it's your own buck then you may not end up here too often. Though it is a good treat!
