#NAME#Morimoto
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/morimoto-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Came here with a group of 9 friends for Restaurant Week dinner and had a great experience! Extensive sake menu and the sushi was top notch!I ordered the Tuna Tartare, Sushi Combo, and Ichigo Hana (strawberry Panna Cotta). All of the fish was very fresh, and it ended up being a lot of food (I needed help to finish all the sushi)! The meal was a great deal, and service was quick and efficient even with a large group. We were also seated promptly, and the restaurant was very gracious in accommodating an additional person above our initial reservation in our party. The restaurant has a very sleek and open interior, and is great for small and large groups alike! Would also be cool to sit by the sushi bar to watch the chefs at work the next time I'm here. Looking forward to coming back soon!
#REVIEW#I visited Morimoto after binge watching Iron Chef, and I will say that it did not disappoint. The hot stone wagyu is fantastic! I always find it enjoyable when you can actually cook a bit of the food in front of you. It gives it a fresh and personal take.Other choices I would recommend:- Crispy Shrimp Tempura- Toro Tartare -- plating for this is beautiful. Definitely a great first date impression.I also love the open kitchen look.
#REVIEW#This is my second time here. However, it has been a few years since my last visit.Service was excellent. I didn't like my drink. Our server were more than happy to switch it out for me. I greatly appreciate that gesture. Our waters were refilled quite often. On to the food... The skirt steak is not that good, especially for $39. I have had MUCH better skirt steaks that isn't even wagyu. The yellowtail accompanying the skirt steak was good, along with the potato pancake. We also ordered the wagyu appetizer. $55. It was good. The quality of the meat tasted better than the skirt steak.
#REVIEW#MEH. GOOD:1. Service2. White wine3. Tuna tartar - amazing spread 4. King CrabMEH. 1. Eel freshness, we went on a monday, was this the day right before a shipment of new sushi? Not amazed2. Maki rolls in general, not wow status. Good but a name of morimoto, I expected more. For the price I wouldn't return. Take your dollars elsewhere, not as authentic, nice but it's hype at the end of the day and I knew that going in.
#REVIEW#Great food, presentation and interior decor. When it's busy the service can be a little slow at the table to take your order but other then that everything is great. Also, the bathrooms are cool!
#REVIEW#Oh my goodness! I had so much fun eating here. Seriously they mastered the concept of having a foodie experience. We sat at the chef's table and it didn't matter how focused they looked preparing everyone's meal... if you took out your camera to take a photo, they were quick to have a fun pose.  The wait staff was attentive and extremely friendly and hospitable and they were great with their recommendations. I think anything that they would have recommended would have been just as fabulous as what we ate.  So yes, the cocktails that we tried all the way to the dessert was amazing and the portions were just perfect. Even though we felt like we were going to roll out of the restaurant, we didn't feel heavy. You can find an Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto restaurant all over the world, so you don't have an excuse to visit one and you won't be disappointed!
#REVIEW#Had such a great meal here tonight - was so looking forward to our meal and was certainly not disappointed!Began cocktails - they made virgin versions for the kids ( there was an oops when on the second round three people came running back when they realized my kiddo had the real thing but I think they were far more panicked than us ) but we enjoyed their version of a lychee martini and a very dry wasabi cucumber martini - all great !We decided just to go with a bunch of smaller dishes as we are not really fans of a big main course - tried the octopus ( amazing ), Toro tartar- unusual presentation - not my fave but still intriguing and good, Tuna Tataki which was delicious followed by some rolls and sushi! The food was amazing, the fish delicious and fresh and service impeccable all night - then we finished in a high note with dessert - the Hanabi Dana which is a large chocolate sphere that dissolves into a plate of gooey goodness when set alight with delicious coffee undertones and the Goma Matcha which was heaven as I love anything sesame!The price was amazing, experience perfect and food delicious - well worth the visit! Oh and weird side note but the rest rooms are amazing - Wales it to a pretty mural backdrop and seat that opens to great guests with a warmed seat no less!! Everything about this place is just amazing !!
#REVIEW#Had dinner here the last night I was in New York City. I'm so glad we decided to come here. The decor is top notch. Drinks are so good and service is a-class all the way. I recommend getting a reservation. We kind of just showed up here. Luckily someone canceled their reservation. We ended up getting a table. I ordered the pork gyoza and salmon. I would definitely come back here again and recommend anyone to try out Morimoto!
#REVIEW#Amazing ambience, mediocre food. My favorite thing here was the bathroom. We came here for restaurant week in February, and were immediately intrigued by the decor of the restaurant. Very modern looking with plenty of interesting furniture and fixtures. Oddly enough, though, we were given clear and hollow plastic chopsticks, which just ended up looking cheap compared to typical classy bamboo or wooden chopsticks. Servers were all easily above 6 feet tall. I tried the gyoza and sashimi platter for the two course lunch. The gyoza were honestly on par with something you'd find at a budget Japanese restaurant, with crumbly filling and an excessively thick wrapper. Nothing close to traditional, and still a far cry from a tasty but modern interpretation. The sashimi spread was not very impressive with not too many recognizable favorites and many pieces that were somewhat tough to eat. Overall not very impressed. While I didn't come here expecting traditional Japanese food, I did come expecting food that tasted good. I left hungry and somewhat disappointed, but realized most of my tab was going to maintaining a visually impressive interior instead of creative and delicious Japanese dishes. One positive was the bathroom, though. Make sure you check it out because it really does look amazing. Not sure I'd return to shell out for their overpriced and underwhelming sushi when there are so many better options to choose from. 3 stars.
#REVIEW#Came here during the restaurant week. Got a reservation and was served promptly.I got a chicken meatball, black cod and a sesame dessert for $42. This is of very good value considering the restaurant's normal pricing.The black cod was well seasoned - sweet yet not too saucy. The meat was tender and juicy. It went well with the rice, which was also of high quality.The chicken meatball was normal. Putting lemon sauce made it a little better. The desert was good.The drink I ordered was fruity. Pretty refreshing.The service was fast and friendly. Overall a nice experience!
#REVIEW#We had the Omakase, and it was amazing.  Every dish was unique, presented well, and very tasty.  I especially enjoyed the tuna tartare and cod dishes.  The little bit of wasabi mixed with the tuna and caviar on the toasted bread was excellent.  I've had cod many times in the past but never like this - it was cooked perfectly and so light and tender that the chopsticks cut through it like it was whipped butter.This was probably one of the most expensive meals I've ever had, but also one of the best.  I would absolutely recommend the Omakase, and will probably go again the next time I get the chance.
#REVIEW#We had a reservation but arrived early, and thus ended up starting the evening downstairs in the bar area. I'm not sure if the bartender was having a bad day, but she was absolutely awful considering how expensive and classy the restaurant was. She wasn't friendly, engaging and barely responded to our attempts to talk to her. Despite that, we kept our hopes up and ordered a couple drinks and dishes. I went with a white lily (I was opting for something fruity and light) - honestly, this was probably the best cocktail I've ever had in my life. It had shochu, calpico and yuzu - three ingredients that I absolutely love. My colleague ordered a sukotto which he undoubtedly loved.We ordered shisito peppers and I dish I can't remember the name of, but it was essentially tater tots.. but better. The second dish was so good I unfortunately filled up a little too much before we sat down for dinner.Feeling full but wanting to try as much of the menu as humanly possible, we ordered the omakase. The highlights of the evening were the toro tartare (our waiter informed us that the full size dish is even better), wagyu, dessert dish, and the seasonal sashimi with the truffle. The crab cake was interesting - it's prepared like a French macaron, almost, but the macaron portions are thinner and crispier. The sashimi salad I remember being a little bland, some of the nigiri was a little too fishy for me (I'm not a fan of shrimp) and I usually don't like cod unless it's fried..In summary, as can be expected, the food was pretty solid here but the highlight was the service. Our waiter (Michael, I believe) provided us with some of the best service I've *ever* had. Not only was he attentive and helpful, but he was clearly running the show (directing the other staff around and making sure everyone was in place). A staff member accidentally brought out a fork and knife a dish too early, and I heard him scold the staff member - it was almost like he was... protective of us and our dining experience. In addition, he honestly seemed passionate about his job, especially given his level of knowledge about the food and restaurant. We ended up asking for the manager in the end to let her know how much of a gem he was. I would honestly come back just for him.
#REVIEW#Yelp: Tell us about your experience in MorimotoMe: Oh I"LL TELL YOU ABOUT MY EXPERIENCENovio: *drools a little* checks his wallet...cries...*wipes tear from face and smiles like a man that knows something you don't*Morimoto is unlike any restaurant I have ever experience in my life (thus far). The creator of this establishment thought of EVERYTHING: visual, gustative, olfactory, sensory. Really I cannot say how amazing this place was. Make a reservation! Novio and I lucked out, made a reservation 2 days prior to our NYC trip. This place is in Mid town so I recommend going to One world observatory in the morning, lunch at Chelsea Market (beautiful place) coffee at starbucks reserve, (only 5 in the world, really GO) walk the highline and THEN have dinner at Morimoto. There were people Fancy AF and other like Novio and Myself in jeans and a nice shirt. We ordered the omakase, a seven course dinner curated by the chef. Omakase roughly translates to  "I'll leave it to you" and that we did. This place is VERY expensive but Novio and I got engaged that afternoon and we he had planned everything to properly celebrate. Go for a special occasion. We don't regret a single second. GO TO THE BATHROOM. Most beautiful stalls I have ever seen. I am not going deeply into detail because the food was spectacular, my water glass NEVER emptied, and the wine flowed all night. Please treat yourself to this experience at least once in your life.
#REVIEW#Went to Morimoto for restaurant week. It was a nice environment but honestly I thought the experience was mediocre.We picked the tuna as our first course, it came in a small bowl with a couple of pieces. Then, for the main dish we got the hanger steak and the black cod. The steak had more to it but the cod was so small and tasted sort of bland. The sauce was not that great. For dessert, we got both the yuzu sorbet and black sesame panna cotta, and those were good but nothing extraordinary either. Since our portions were so small, we also got a mixed sashimi platter as another appetizer and that had maybe 10 small pieces of sashimi.Overall, the service was not too great and the space was crowded. I would say 2/10 would come back again.
#REVIEW#I grew up watching Chef Morimoto on Iron Chef (the original Japanese version) and it was such a pleasure to dine at his NYC restaurant!My colleagues and I had a private section for our dinner, which was appropriately and elegantly set up for a delicious Japanese meal. Due to our party size of 15, we did have a set menu and were still able to order a few additional items off of the regular menu without any hesitation from the staff. I appreciated that immensely! Service was always attentive and we never went without a drink. Although, this isn't a 5 star review due to the vibe I got from the hostess upon arrival...yes, we were a group of casual engineers, but with our own private section (away from peering eyes) it didn't require a, "Oh you're wearing that?", look and tone of voice. Not to mention, we ultimately chose to dine at Morimoto instead of Per Se, because there was no enforced dress code mentioned with Morimoto. This didn't ruin my experience, but just be aware and I suppose this is NYC after all.
#REVIEW#FIVE STARS for amazing service, food, and decor. 1. You really must go to the bathroom. It's downstairs and is worth a trip. 2. Everything is Instagrammable. The stairs, the doors, the bathroom, the food, the restaurant. 3. The food was amazing as well, of course! The namesake sashimi appetizer was plated so well and tasted delectable. It was a great selection and everything worked well together. The chef's choice small sushi plate was filling and tasty. My one regret is not paying more attention and writing down what our waitress said each fish was! Overall an amazing culinary and dining experience not to be missed.
#REVIEW#Great food and great experience. As a local Will definitely be back. Saraha was our server and o boy does she know her menu. Plus 10 on Smile 10 one eye to eye contact 10 on guest interaction. The only reason I don't give a 10 is dirty restrooms. Aside from that It is the best sushi and Japanese food I've had so far! Will be back.
#REVIEW#Came here for restaurant week lunch ($26). I've heard from friends that this restaurant is really good so finally decided to try it out. I had the magurozuke (marinated tuna) and braised block cod. I didn't care for the kalamansi in the tuna dish but the cod was fantastic. It was extremely fresh and well done. They give you half a small bowl of rice with the cod, which is definitely not enough. These two dishes were just enough for me, a petite 5ft girl, but I think anyone else would have trouble feeling full after a meal this size. I love the decor and layout of this restaurant; everything is very open and light. The host/hostesses/waiters/waitresses are all very well put together.I would love to try other dishes on the menu but they are very expensive. Come with your pockets full or with your parents!
#REVIEW#The short rib was sooo good! The marination on the meat was lovely. Thinly sliced, grilled and soft like butter. Just melts in your mouth!Yuzu chosho chicken was cooked moist inside but had a crispy exterior. Dressed with a creamy sauce and garnished with shavings of black truffle. Served with edamame, chanterelle mushrooms and sweet peas. Most excellent!Braised black cod was superb! Literally melts in your mouth, buttery, and light. Cooked to perfection!
#REVIEW#I'm going to start off with saying the food is incredible. The cuts of fish, the roll, it was spectacular. I ordered the yellowtail roll; it had a good amount of fish and green onion, the rice was wrapped tightly. I also ordered 3 pieces of nigiri: fatty tuna; like butter, it melted in my mouth, Sakura salmon; imported from japan, tasty and had a very distinct taste, scallop; amazing, I love scallop and this was so good, didn't melt in my mouth but had a nice chew to it. My mom ordered the morimoto chirashi bowl. Our bill was 95 after taxes, my tuna was 18. I was so surprised because my roll was 10, scallop 8 and salmon 9...the bowl was 33. We got a bottle of still water and that was 9. I get it, it's listed as $$$$ so we weren't surprised, I was more surprised at the price of the tuna nigiri haha Anyways, they got 3 stars because of the service. Service in general was good, but the way the manager spoke to me really irked me and left me feeling like I didn't belong, almost like I was poor. He "explained" the menu to me even after I had had it for like 15 mins. I was holding it and he flipped it back to the front to literally say to me, "this is the omakase" and then read every course to me, flipped to the next page, read the top, etc. I've eaten many omakases and didn't appreciate the way he maybe "tried" to help me? We already knew what we had wanted, so I let him do his thing since every time I tried to interject or even when I said, "I know," he kept going. After we finally ordered, he repeated my order to me using the Japanese terms, etc. He kept interrupting me as I was trying to order as well, I just didn't get it or appreciate it. He really set the mood for my meal in a negative light. When I saw him interact with people around us, it was very different. You could hear the shift in tones he used. Just bummed since everything else was good.
