#NAME#KazuNori  | The Original Hand Roll Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/kazunori-the-original-hand-roll-bar-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,japanese#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I love this place!! Handrolls aren't the same anymore after I had the handballs from here. My favorite ones are scallop, crab and lobster. I love the scallop one so much I ordered two more on top of my combo  It's cheaper if you can the combo l rather than ordering them separately.
#REVIEW#I've found my new obsession. I'm in love. Seriously. KazuNori doesn't seem like much at first glance. How good can hand rolls be? They're amazing at Kazu Nori. I really like the vibe inside; the only seating (or that I could see) was around a "bar". I chose the 5 hand-roll menu option, which had crab, yellowtail, lobster, and two more fish that I can't remember at the top of my head. They were all delicious. They make them right in front of you, and it's very personal because they only make another one after you've finished your hand roll. I can't wait until I come again! The price is pretty expensive considering it's only a hand roll, but I don't necessarily mind because the fish quality is so fresh. I definitely recommend KazuNori.
#REVIEW#Don't let a long line bordering the entire perimeter deter you, it moves in minutes! Highly recommend KazuNori for fast-casual sushi and it's sister restaurant Sugar Fish for a longer sit down experience with more menu variation. They both feature "packages" and no tipping models. You pick a package of rolls which flow out of the kitchen at the rate you consume the previous roll.We selected the 4 hand roll experience and it was fantastic. We had apps prior to dining so had we been more hungry, would have easily devoured the 6er.My favorite rolls? Toro and it's a great starter. Crab as a finisher is brilliant as well.My only complaint to the experience was that it was clearly very warm inside. Even more of an issue was that the crew failed to acknowledge this to its patrons. I thought it was because the door was open but mid dinner was sweating...offer a discount to people or give them a heads up before they sit down and get stuck in a stuffy room.
#REVIEW#I'm so glad that my friend randomly suggested that we eat here as it's her favorite hand roll place. I honestly came here with no expectations, and walked away mind blown. The line was pretty long, but it moves really fast. The ambiance was very lively, it felt like being at a bar but for food. This feels like a great date spot too. We got seated at the very end of the bar/counter, so it wasn't super loud. We got the 6 hand rolls for $30 (no tip is needed). Each roll was so fresh and good that I probably could've ordered more even though I usually get full. This is probably going to be one of the top places that I will recommend to my friends visiting!
#REVIEW#Finally made it here after hearing rave reviews for years and it certainly wasn't a letdown. At around 6 PM on a Saturday, the wait was about 45 minutes for 2. The entire area is bar seating, and you're given a menu to check off options that are then made in front of you and served one by one. My friend and I both opted for the 6-piece hand roll (toro, yellowtail, salmon, scallop, crab, lobster) for $28 (a great deal given the freshness of the fish and the fact that tip is included). I loved that the seaweed was crisp and the ratio of fish to rice was so generous. My favorites were the yellowtail and the crab, though they all were very tasty. My friend and I both agreed that they were a little heavy handed on the mayo for a few of the rolls (most notably the scallop and the lobster). The more fresh fish, the better!I also ordered takeout another day (a different menu without hand rolls) and chose the yellowtail and the crab. Both were fresh and tasty. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#KazuNori serves top notch hand rolls! The seaweed is always perfectly crispy, which is hard to find around NY. The sushi rice is always perfectly seasoned and the temperature is always on point. Fish is of excellent quality as well. I always go for the 6 hand roll option and occasionally add on my favorite spicy scallop, crab or lobster h/r. They had a special uni handroll once and of course I had to get it!! Matcha ice tea is $3 and bottomless. They're totally happy serving you another glass as you please. Easy wait in line system, everyone is always friendly. I was surprised to learn that KazuNori is a sister restaurant of Sugarfish. I didn't enjoy the sushi at Sugarfish and I'm so surprised KazuNori is associated with them.
#REVIEW#This place serves some of the most delicious sushi I've ever tasted! If you come by yourself, you're more likely to be able to get a seat. The hand rolls are warm and crispy and are a delight to chew and experience all the flavors. I recommend the 4-roll serving that starts with incredible toro.The salmon sashimi was pretty flavorless and disappointing by comparison, so stick to the rolls and you'll have a great time!
#REVIEW#Great atmosphere, amazing hand rolls, cheap prices, and quick service!  Reservations are another allowed and a lie just forms along the bar as people wait.  There's only one long bar and it's basically seat yourself as people get up.  The rolls and delicious, fresh, and very reasonably priced ($25 for 5).  Would highly recommend and will definitely be returning.
#REVIEW#I go for the hangry to get the delicious salmon and lobster hand rolls. The iced green tea is very authentic!
#REVIEW#Loveeeee this place.Honestly food is just fish and hot rice in seaweed but I am a sushi lover so what's not to like.Went twice in the past two weeks.Just sitting at the sushi bar and chatting casually with friends while they make the hand rolls right there in front of you.I usually go for the set menu, 6 pieces if I am really starving but four or five is enough.Also no tipping!
#REVIEW#This place was absolutely amazing. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated. We timed it where we would walk in when the first wave of people would be done eating and it worked out perfectly. The menu was so simple but yet was executed so well, you could tell they really thought about how to serve the the roll to you. The intensity of each item we got went up each roll. We got the 6 roll set for $29 and it was super good. My fiancé and I both usually don't like yellow tail but the way they paired it with the scallions made the taste of the fish very subtle. When I'm back in New York I'm for sure coming here again! I fell in love. They perfect what they do and have high quality ingredients
#REVIEW#What fantastic Sushi! I was initially put off by their short menu, but I was very pleasantly surprised at how amazing the sushi tasted that I didn't mind the lack of selection. I had the cucumber and shrimp rolls and they were delectable. You will need about 4 to 5 rolls total to feel as though you ate a full dinner. Located in midtown, this place has all bar style seating, and it's pretty cozy. The service is very quick and pleasant. My friend and I were in and out in about an hour. Very reasonable prices and the tip is included so paying the bill at the front register is quick and painless. My friend and I were lucky to be seated right away around 6, but by the time we left around 7 there was almost a line out the door. So expect a wait if you go around peak times. I would absolutely return to KazuNori for more sushi and can't wait until I get the chance to go again!
#REVIEW#We came right when it opened at 11:30 and it was the best decision since we weren't stuck in the line that was getting longer as the day progressed. Was seated at the bar where the chefs and servers were attentive to our needs, also had nice talks with them as well. A very friendly and open environment. The menu consists of hand rolls and we ordered the 6 rolls. They also have 3, 4, and 5 rolls. But If you want the full experience with all the flavors, I would go for the 6 hand rolls. The ingredients were fresh and the hand rolls were absolutely delicious! My favorite was the lobster and the scallops!What was surprising was that the the rice was flavorful and not mushy/ soggy. I would advise that you should go early right when it opens since the line could get very long but if you do have to wait it won't be that bad since the line moves very quickly. The price is a little pricey as 6 hand rolls will cost you 28 dollars but it will definitely fill you up and the fish is very fresh and the quality is there.
#REVIEW#Been eyeing this place on Yelp and was so glad to finally try it. This spot is so Japanese: everything is fast - the wait, the food preparation, the eating, the paying. Efficiency City, over here. And the food is so delicious. So simple yet so fresh. The seaweed crispy, the rice moist, the fish so delicious. My favorites were the lobster hand roll and the shrimp, which I chose over the crab roll. Get the five rolls or six rolls: I got five rolls and I could have eaten more, but still walked out full. Ate 'em like candy. 5 stars!!!!!!!
#REVIEW#- They don't take reservations and there are about 20-25 seats around the sushi bar- They have a small menu that includes a set menu + a la carte.- The waiter asked if it was our first time and once she found out it was, she explained the menu and how the rolls should be consumed- I ordered the 4-hand roll and it was enough to fill me up - The roll is placed on a piece of paper in front of you for you to take, and they come one at a time- The seaweed was crisp. The rice was warm. The filling was fresh. - Once you're done, the bill is given to you and you pay at the register- I would definitely come back!
#REVIEW#Quality of the handroll is 5 stars. Unfortunately, service last time we went was pretty bad for KazuNori standards. The sushi chef was spending the entire time gossiping with another waiter, so much that it took us over an hour just to get 3 handrolls total. Keep in mind, the chef makes the roll directly in front of you, and is serving others at the counter, but this service was just so bad because these two dudes would not stop talking and take a minute to actually focus on their work.I think the manager was on a break or had to step out, because the minute he came back in and it hit 7PM, the place really started to fill up, and the sushi chef was zipping out rolls for everyone in seconds. I was previously a repeat customer as these restaurants and Sugar Fish locations have EXCEPTIONAL service, and was always willing to wait in line, but it's disappointing to realize you sometimes can't get great service here unless there an authority figure watching the rest of the staff. Despite this, know they have the freshest sushi in Manhattan, you can ask where they source all their fish and I would highly suggest the Bay Scallops, Lobster, Shrimp and Torro rolls. I enjoy their iced green tea as it's unsweetened and love the chic japanese vibe of this place. Definitely an awesome date spot or a great place to eat solo ( you'll get a seat faster cause it's bar style).Also, this place usually has a line, but we came here right at 6PM on a thursday and had no wait! 5 stars for food and sushi quality but 3 stars for our last experience here.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday night at around 7pm, it was freezing cold and the line was all the way out the door (45 mins wait). We waited. Thought the long line means the food must be really good, right? Eh. The price was fantastic; $28 for 6 handrolls and they offer TORO, yellowtail, SALMON, BAY SCALLOPS, crab, and LOBSTER. The handrolls weren't good because the seaweed were difficult to bite off; not crunchy and doesn't have that amazing seaweed aroma. The best seaweed I've ever had for handrolls was from Domodomo, check it out! The fish was cold, and the rice was really warm. Obviously, Kazunori has too much customer, they just cooked the rice and had to serve it immediately. How were the handrolls overall? It was really just okay. But I would give it a second chance because the price is really good. Maybe it'll be better next time. P.S. Did not see a single Asian chef in their kitchen.
#REVIEW#I come here every time I make it into the city. There is only bar seating, so sometimes a line but never a super long wait. The food is super fresh, made to order right in-front of you.  I recommend getting one of each kind of hand roll. I think it is 6 total. You will be full but its worth it to try every flavor. Highly highly recommend to try out. Super simple flavors that are made really well.
#REVIEW#I wish the line here was ever short. The hand rolls here are definitely the best in the city (definitely omakase handroll quality). The price is reasonable and the service is always quick.They give you a menu with a pencil so you can check off the option of hand rolls you want. Everything is delicious! You can always add on more handrolls if you'd like. There's not many options for apps.All the seats are on the sushi bar at this place. No table service.
#REVIEW#Hands down my favorite place to get hand rolls in NYC. Don't be intimidated by the long lines because the food is SO WORTH IT! The menu is fairly simple. When I came here with friends last Friday, I ordered the pre-fixe set of 4. If I was a little not hungrier, I probably could've eaten a set of 5. The rolls are prepared in front of you one at a time. The service is amazing and I never felt like I had to wait a long time for the next roll. The best thing about the rolls is the fresh seafood and the crisp seaweed. Ugh it's so good I'm craving another one!!
