#NAME#Beyond Sushi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/beyond-sushi-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,kosher,salad#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Saw this vegan sushi restaurant @beyondsushinyc on @sharktankabc and flew 9 hours from Hawaii to eat here. They did not disappoint! This was beyond delicious, beyond amazing and beyond tasty!My husband and I kept saying "oh my god, oh my god this is soooo good!"It was definitely worth the long flight and the long walk in the cold from our hotel.
#REVIEW#After we saw them on Shark Tank, we wanted to give this place a try at some point! Such a novel concept, my wife being vegetarian, this sounded perfect. We got into this location for a late lunch and there was seating. The place isn't huge, I can image lunch and dinner peak times would be tough to sit down. Got in around 3ish, but got a dinner menu..In any regard, we decided to share the Spicy Mang and the La Fiesta rolls and get the confit potatoes. The spicy mang was perfect and delicious. Little spicy mixes with sweet! Loved this roll. The la fiesta was average. We finished the mango ones quicker than this one. Someof the flavors didn't mesh together as well, and just didn't enjoy it as much as the first one. The potatoes were awesome! They came in a big bowl with a nice paste that the potatoes were covered in. Something different, it was really good!Great place overall, but even for NYC price point was a bit pricey. The potatoes, albeit tasty, were overpriced. Would we come back here? Sure. But I don't know if we are going out of our way to get this. Maybe if walking down the street we see it, we go.. but otherwise doubtful. Concept was great.. vegetarian sushi but it wasn't the "Shark-Tank" hype 5 star we thought it would be. It didn't blow our minds, hence the 4 star.
#REVIEW#This is the BEST spot for vegetarian sushi lovers!! I have recommended this spot to anyone and everyone whose a fellow vegetarian - you don't see these delightful and creative combinations anywhere else. Their menu has great variety for all. They also do an excellent job in presentation, neatly aligned and nice dollop of sauce matched w/ each sushi roll. Most of their locations don't offer much seating so it's more of a quick bite. The service is friendly and helpful. If you need help deciding what to try first my personal top two favorites recommendations are:1. Spicy Mango which is black rice, avocado, mango, and cucumber topped with spicy veggies and toasted cayenne sauce. 2. La Fiesta which is also black rice & avocado but w/ chayote, and pickled jalapeño topped with black bean purée and kaffir lime chips; topped w/ tomato guajillo sauce. They have an extensive menu so be sure to study it, they also have rolls w/ sweet potato and mushroom as their base. I would recommend the sushi over their other options here.
#REVIEW#Honestly I wish I could give more stars, the food is the best vegan food I think I've ever had in my life. The fun guy dumplings are addictingly delicious. Every sushi roll has so much presentation, taste, and love in it! You have to give this place a go! Vegan or not, there's more than one thing on there you're bound to fall in love with. Plus the staff is upbeat, fun and friendly.
#REVIEW#I had been wanting to try this restaurant since a vegan friend recommended it to me (I'm not vegan but I thought it would be interesting to try). I will say I didn't expect the restaurant to be so small, but it's nice how you do have table service. First off, I really liked the music (artists like Khalid). The server was also friendly and checked in on us regularly throughout the meal. The restaurant was pretty empty so we got our food quickly. We ordered the Sweet Tree sushi to split and the noodle soups separately (Miso and Coconut Curry). With the noodle soups, you can choose whether you want ramen, soba, or glass noodles. The sushi was delicious! It melted in my mouth. I would go back and order the sushi again for sure. The noodle soups, on the other hand, were pretty disappointing. We both ordered ramen since the server said that was the most popular option, but the noodles were definitely overcooked and therefore too soft. My miso broth was overly salty and in the end, neither of us could finish the soups. Giving this four stars because of the service and sushi, but I wouldn't order the noodle soups again.
#REVIEW#Word spread all the way to Buffalo NY about this place, so I hopped on a plane and here I am. This place is incredible! The food is so good, and the service is great. The vegan world can rejoice knowing they have a place like this to dine at!  I recommend the Nutty Buddy.
#REVIEW#I went to what I think was the original Beyond Sushi locations downtown years ago, and haven't been to any since, until this visit, and I was pleasantly surprised by all the options there were on the menu beyond just the sushi (ha, that was unintentional) I remembered being offered.Bonus: everything is vegan, and many things are gluten-free! I just wish things that are gluten-free were identified as such on the menu, as it would make decision-making a lot easier. Luckily, the woman taking my order was knowledgeable on what was gluten-free. The rice paper wrap (which is essentially like a fresh roll in Thai or Vietnamese cuisine - just with different ingredients wrapped in rice paper) sounded good to me, and I ended going with the Spicy Shroom one ... because mushrooms! It has enoki, shiitake, and portabella mushrooms! And it was delicious! Lots of great flavors (not too spicy) that go very well together, and it was very satisfying.I ordered my food to go, and even though it was evening on a weekday, it didn't take too long and I got my food pretty quickly!I'm definitely going to come back and try more things from their menu!
#REVIEW#Love Beyond Sushi in general. 2 stars for the soup, extra star on top for the amazing service. The staff are beyond nice. The spot at Union Square is my favorite. The sushi dishes at this place are amazing! This time I decided to try their coconut soup... and I regret it. $16 is a bit overpriced for a soup, although it's served as a main dish. The dish came in cold, I asked to reheat. There was no broth, I mean it was there but it was mashed potatoes texture. Too much oil, the dish is very heavy for soup. All the ingredients were tasteless and I could tell they were cooked separately, and reheating the soup made it even worse. Chickpeas were not fully cooked. It felt more like cold noodles with vegetable smoothie on top. Typing this on the subway and I feel like there is a brick in my stomach. Would not recommend the soup :/
#REVIEW#Let me start off by saying I am an avid raw fish sushi lover. My husband and I go for sushi once a week so needless to say I never thought I would find myself at a vegan sushi restaurant. I ended up here with some friends who had seen the place on Shark Tank and have zero regrets about trying it. In fact, I just texted them asking if anyone else is having vegan sushi cravings today!We ordered 4 rolls (mighty mushroom, sweet tree, pickle me, and sunny side) as a pre dinner snack. I have to say I found the flavors of each roll to be very distinct and complex. Sweet tree was my absolute favorite. The service was very fast and the sushi tasted fresh. We were told to enjoy our food before paying, which I appreciated and were brought water to have with our meal. I will definitely be back again and have already recommended it to several friends.
#REVIEW#Quick and good food. Vegan sushi rules. The service was great. Spicy Mango is our favorite.
#REVIEW#Excellent food for excellent price. When I eat this food, it tastes like... I am eating a gourmet chef's masterpiece lollll I highly recommend coming. All plant based, great for the environment, beautiful food,  kind and efficient service. I like the la fiesta sushi roll and nutty buddy- I get them every time I come!
#REVIEW#First time trying vegan sushi and I absolutely loved it! I was a little hesitant on how everything would taste being vegan, but it was really delicious and I felt fabulous and energetic afterwards. They have a fairly large menu with many different types of healthy foods from dumplings to sushi. Very creative with the flavors as well.I got the nutty buddy rice wrap, la fiesta sushi rolls, and fun guy dumplings. I loved everything. I was pretty hungry and wanted to try a variety of their foods and this combination was just enough to fill me up! They bring everything out fairly quickly. Our server was nice as well. I'm excited to return to try
#REVIEW#This is a tiny aushi restaurant but plenty of space.   Frist time visiting this chain, their choices and variety is amazing. It was rather quick service since we had visited Sat lunch hours.  Innovative menu, fresh and extremly well presented.  Ill definitely highly recommend this Spot.
#REVIEW#I've been dying to try Beyond Sushi *hums* for the longest time. The fact that it occupies a nice spot between my office and my apartment seemed like kismet. The problem is I hate most kinds of vegetarian/vegan sushi. The sad cucumber/asparagus rolls, the extremely exciting combo roll of shredded carrots, cabbage, and peanuts. Not very inspiring. But Beyond Sushi had gotten so much admiration from both vegans and carnivores alike (plus two of the sharks on Shark Tank) that when I went, I ordered as much as I could. Bottom line: sushi rolls are a definite win, will need to try the other items to fully assess. The sushi:- Mighty Mushroom: hands down my absolute favorite. What I like about Beyond Sushi is that you don't need the heavy dressings like spicy mayo to try to give the food some oomph. The food has enough flavor to be eaten entirely on its own. The enoke, shittake, and braised tofu all combined into an awesome umami bomb. - Spicy mang: can't really go wrong with mango, avocado, and cayenne. I ate this and immediately wanted another. - Chic pea: the only one out of the three rolls that left me a little cold. I liked the combo of eggplant and artichoke (as the tastes balanced each other nicely) but adding pureed chickpea made the roll very, very mushy.The other stuff: - Seasonal noodle soup with kale, beets, broccolini. Extremely healthy and good during this weather but, if it weren't for the chili oil doused on top, I'd be hard-pressed to tell you what exactly I was tasting. The whole bowl was vegetable-flavored water. - Green root noodles: the ponzu sauce was a little too salty for me. Great combination of ingredients, though, and I'd order this again but go a little easy on the sauce. Would this ever replace fish sushi for me? No way but I love this sushi on its own merits.
#REVIEW#You absolutely cannot go wrong with Beyond Sushi, and this location is no exception. They are friendly and fast. The lunch specials are good for the budget also. I usually order off the app and you get rewards from that too. The food is consistently delicious and fresh every time. You just feel good after eating here as it's all so fresh and healthy tasting.
#REVIEW#Fantastic option for vegan Japanese food!  So tasty and fresh and flavorful!!!Please open up in St. Petersburg, Florida!
#REVIEW#Cool concept and would definitely try again. Had the 4 piece sampler, and would recommend as an intro to the concept of vegan sushi. The four piece included curried cauliflower, tomato, seaweed salad and corn. I liked the cauliflower the most, while the seaweed salad was underwhelming. I also love the sauce in the tubes, one was carrot and the other I am not sure. I spread it on the sushi.I am had the kimchi miso soup with glass noodles. Great taste and pretty light. I would perhaps pair with a different noodle. The portion was average, but if you have a big appetite, I would definitely also go with an app as well.
#REVIEW#I came to this spot and I LOVED IT!! All the vegans should check out this spot!! The server who's name was Maggie helped me me pick out a couple of sushi's and dumplings and it was by far the best service I've ever received in a long time!! She probably made my trip to New York better!! Definitely coming here again on my next trip :)
#REVIEW#Love this place. We've been coming here for a while. Menu is always fresh and delicious with all types of innovative sauces. I like the new seating area allowing for more dine in options. Will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#Came here after seeing the company on Shark Tank.  I was really surprised by the quality of the food and the great prices.  The recipes and combinations they have come up with are really unique and delicious.  With that said, since there was no meat or fish that came with the sushi pieces, I felt that the food wasn't very filling and I got hungry pretty soon after leaving the restaurant.
