#NAME#PMF Pardon My French
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pmf-pardon-my-french-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,cocktailbars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#We love coming to this spot for date night. It's one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. I have yet to have a bad meal here. The restaurant itself is not big. Service is spectacular.They have the best roasted bone marrow I've ever had. This is our go-to appetizer, always. We've also tasted a tuna tartate which they offer as an appetizer on the specials menu. For entrees, I've had their Mussels in White Wine but my favorite is the Branzino that they offer as a special. My oh my, was it delicious. PMF is one of a few hidden jewels in NYC and will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Came here for bottomless brunch at 11:30 am on a Saturday. I used Yelp Reservations which was super easy. First of all, it's CASH ONLY. I looked at the menu prior to arriving so I knew to bring cash, but I think this should be more readily apparent when making the reservation because many people at the place seemed unaware and there really aren't too many banks in the area. There's a very loud indoor area and a quieter "garden" out the back, which is where we were seated. This was a pleasant location for a brunch, but unfortunately it was about 95 degrees in blaring sunlight when we came and there is minimal shade at the majority of the tables. Almost immediately upon being seated, I was sweating profusely. The table and silverware had also been heated to near their melting points, making them easy burn hazards. This restaurant most definitely needs to invest in some table umbrellas or at least better trees to shade patrons. All that being said, I have to give the staff here major kudos for being so accommodating. First, they happily seated our group before everyone had arrived - in my experience, this is almost unheard of for bottomless brunch in this city and a welcome gesture of hospitality. Second, when we started whining endlessly about the heat and lack of shade, they allowed us to switch to a more shaded set of tables without issue, even bringing over extra chairs and setting up the table to ensure we were as comfortable as possible. During service, they also refilled out mimosa pitcher promptly, and at no point did we feel rushed to pay and leave (as is the case with so many other bottomless brunch places). Bottomless brunch consisted of unlimited bloody marys (don't even get me started on how gross these are) or mimosas, as well as an entree for $31.95. If you didn't want to partake in bottomless, you could do coffee/tea and an entree for $21.95. Another nice bonus was that not everyone at the table had to do bottomless. These small moments of flexibility really helped make this experience positive. As is my custom, I ordered the eggs benedict, which were perfectly cooked and came with thick slices of ham, puffy English muffins, a well-dressed salad, and nicely seasoned potatoes. This was the exact right amount of food for me. Other members of my group ordered the eggs scandinavian (same but with smoked salmon) which reviewed similarly, the fruit buttermilk pancakes, which I sampled personally and deemed to be fluffy and delicious, and the Tunisian eggs, which were deemed excellent and had a great level of spice and salt. All in all, this was a highly positive brunch experience. Food and drinks were excellent, price was fair, and staff were truly commendable. My only recommendations are that there be more adequate shade in the garden and that the cash only requirement be more prominently featured on their website/when making a reservation. Otherwise, 4.5/5 stars.
#REVIEW#Weird.My friend and I both opted for the bottomless brunch, which for whatever reason is cash only? Huge inconvenience; we had to go to a sketchy ATM across the street and come back. You get a choice of unlimited mimosas or bloodies, but the mimosas were super weak and strangely sugary. Like even more needlessly sugary than usual orange juice. Again, weird.My croque madame was good, but the bartender was pretty snarky. He refused to do separate checks, and between that, the cash situation and being a little tipsy, we somehow forgot to calculate in a tip. It wasn't deliberate at all, but he aggressively chased us out and basically asked us for it. It was uncomfortable.So, not our favorite.
#REVIEW#Great brunch spot in alphabet city. One of the better burgers I've had in Manhattan.Group of 8 for brunch and we sat in the front room at a double sided bar which was nice and intimate. Expansive back space for groups as well - and there were a few. They do a little shindig song and dance to celebrate your birthday which is nice. Food good, service great. Solid spot all around.Note: CASH ONLY.
#REVIEW#Great brunch spot in the city! Came for a bachelor/bachelorette gathering. All-you-can-drink/boozy brunch with a decent price. Typical brunch menu. I highly recommend the truffle fries to share, as the truffle essence is just perfect. The presentation of the food is great. Definitely recommend!
#REVIEW#Great food!They have set brunch, with either coffee or bloody marry. There is a variety of food to choose from, and all the ones we ordered were good!The French roasts came with fresh fruits, and the one without Nutella tasted better in my opinion, as it was not overly-sweet. The Benedict was good, with nice salad dressing. The baked potatoes were also very flavorful.Portion was huge, and sharing is better if you cannot eat a lot. Great and polite service!A little noisy, and cash only.
#REVIEW#Came here for a surprise birthday brunch with 2 friends and I really enjoyed it!Food is good! I ordered a savory meal, the Grilled steak and fromage sandwich, and I thought it was delicious!  My friends ordered sweet meals, the pancakes and the French toast, both of which were also delicious! It did not disappoint. Food was also not too pricey.  The service was great! Our waiter was very enthusiastic and made it very welcoming to be there. Since we came here for my (surprise) birthday brunch, they came out with dessert with sparklers on top and played the Birthday Song by 3 Chainz and I love it!Besides the whole loud birthday shebang, the place in general was extremely loud. My friends and I were sat under a big stereo and could barely hear each other talk over the loud and pounding music. We had to scream over the music and we still couldn't hear what anyone was saying. Overall, had a great time eating yummy food and enjoying the nice ambience of the place. It was very cute and affordable for a brunch place!
#REVIEW#Came here for the first time to celebrate my friends' bdays! We did the unlimited mimosa/brunch option and were extremely pleased. At $32 (excl. tax and tip), you get unlimited bloody Mary's or mimosas with an entree. The brunch menu was pretty limited, but everything was solid. We got:- smoked salmon eggs benedict (comes with potatoes and side salad)- spinach and tomato omelette- croque madame and croque monsieur - French toastHoly cow, everything was delicious - we pretty much cleaned our plates! They were really great with birthday call outs. We received chocolate mousse and tequila shots for the bday girls. Music was really great and the staff had amazing energy. I gotta say, the place had more of an older brunch crowd than your regular bottomless brunch place, which was nice. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Lackluster food for very high prices. The Brussels sprouts stand out - delicious. Everything else wasn't worth the trip
#REVIEW#Brunch is CASH ONLY. I'm not sure why Yelp missed that.PMF is very fun and loud for brunch. Over the course of our meal, there were more than 5 tables celebrating birthdays. The music is very loud and you have to be half yelling to hear each other. Not an ideal place to catch up with a friend.In terms of food, the pancake is very good. Fluffy and huge. The steak and cheese sandwich is not that great on the other hand.
#REVIEW#I would rate this place 3.5 at most. Don't get me wrong the ambiance was amazing and so was the service. So this rating is strictly for the food. I read the previous reviews here so I had a pretty high expectation for this place. I came here with a party of 3. We ordered the bone marrow, beef tartar entree, monkfish and oxtail and the Brussel sprouts. the bone marrow was honestly so little, it was a crazy tease, it looked like two hefty bone marrow but it didn't have any of the goods inside like I could cleanly scrape everything off with one tiny spoon... i was pretty disappointed. Next the beef tar tar was decent, I only snuck a small bite of it because the portion was so small and I felt bad if I took more because it wouldn't have been filling for my friend. the monkfish was definitely over cooked and rubbery/tough. The clams that also accompanied the dish was small despite how big the shell itself was and the shrimp had a little bit of a plasticy taste to it... overall the monkfish was poorly seasoned, quite flavorless. The oxtail was a little too salty to my liking. but the flavors mixed well with mash potatoes that was accompanied by it. Also the brussel sprouts were super super sweet and charred and it still had a lot of the bitter taste to it, I think it was poorly executed. I heard the brunch here is amazing, so I might try that next time but def will pass on coming here for dinner sadly.
#REVIEW#I have mixed feelings about this place. Don't get me wrong. I really appreciated the birthday song and the birthday sparkler stuck inside a ramekin of a rather decadent and indulgent chocolate mousse. Outside of that? The food at Pardon My French was nothing special, and certainly not worth $35+ per person, even with bottomless mimosas. A friend of mine and I split the Eggs Scandinavian and the Brioche French Toast. Eggs Scandinavian (3.5/5): To be fair, I asked for the Hollandaise on the side. I'm just not a fan of drowning my pouched egg in such a rich sauce, but the eggs benny was literally a pouched egg, over pieces of smoked salmon and an untoasted English muffin. I repeat, my English Muffin wasn't even toasted!!! The result was a dry unappetizing carb. Accompanying my eggs benny was a small salad (read: a few pieces of greens) and a few pieces of roasted potato. It was not worth it, even if I hadn't gone for the mimosas. Brioche French Toast (4/5): The brioche French toast was a little more complex in terms of preparation and it showed too. The toast was at least two inches THICK, eggy, fluffy and knocked up generously with copious amounts of Nutella, banana slices, strawberries and blueberries. Still, in spite of its richness, the Brioche French Toast shouldn't have run us $22 (before tax and tip), really. While Pardon My French was a fun, picture-perfect place to do a bottomless Sunday brunch, I am doubtful I will return again.
#REVIEW#Went here for my birthday brunch. Pancakes were delicious and all my friends liked their dishes. Plus they played In Da Club when they brought out a chocolate mousse dessert with a sparkler on top at the end! Loved it all!
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch on a Sunday. They take reservations and it gets quite busy, so I'd recommend it! They have two deals, one for $21.95 (a dish + coffee/tea) and $31.95 (a dish + bottomless mimosa/blood mary). The ambience is lively and laidback.  We got the tunisian eggs (baked eggs with spicy tomato, feta cheese and capers) and the eggs scandinavian (poached eggs with smoked salmon). I enjoyed the tunisian eggs which were a decent size and came with a great spicy tomato sauce. They also come with a side of baked potatoes. The bloody mary was a little watery but decent.Overall, decent spot in the east village especially if you're looking for a bottomless brunch option!
#REVIEW#Just under $32 for unlimited bloody Mary's and mimosas with food? Sign me up. The food wasn't anything spectacular but the mimosas were pretty good, and the waiters were great at staying on top of refills. I ordered the croque madame, which ended up being too cheesy for me so I ate it as an open-faced sandwich instead. It was good otherwise. The Nutella French toast is great if you have the sweet tooth for that. It's a huge portion with tons of fruit toppings. Loved how the waiters were dressed and all their attitudes - they all seemed to actually enjoy their jobs. They also play awesome songs for people's birthdays.
#REVIEW#A great bottomless drink brunch place! $32 for endless drink with a brunch entree. I made a reservation for Saturday brunch and would definitely recommend a reservation because it was super packed! Can't speak for the Bloody Mary, but the mimosas were good. For entrees, we got eggs Benedict Florentine, eggs Benedict salmon, and kale salad. We each enjoyed our brunch entrees, but it wasn't anything overly impressive. The yolk of the Benedict could have been a tad runnier. But overall no complaints! We also got an order of truffle fries to share which I would recommend! Note that it is CASH ONLY and there is an ATM across the street. The ambience was reminiscent of a rustic, edgier French restaurant and was very loud with music and people yelling over the music to talk. If it's your birthday, they'll bring you a little pudding cup with a sparkler and sing a dank trap happy birthday song (think birthday sex by Jeremiah, birthday cake by Rihanna) which I think is hilarious and fun. As mentioned in many reviews, it seems to be a requirement for waiters to be attractive males with a French accent ;) Overall a very fun place for bottomless drink brunch :)
#REVIEW#Bottomless mimosa brunch on Saturday matches the hype! I ordered sweet, my friend ordered savory & we spit them between us. The Brioche French Toast was delightful & the eggs Benedict was cooked perfectly. Don't forget your cash!
#REVIEW#CASH ONLY!  RESERVATION RECOMMENDED!  I made a reservation via Yelp two weeks in advance for Saturday brunch at 11am.  They open at 11am and the restaurant was packed!  The ambiance and decor at PMF is classy yet homey and matches the vibe of the restaurant.  However, they played the music LOUD (they even turned it up), which made the establishment feel more rowdy as my friends and I had to yell at each other to be heard.  Even though this seems so minor, it put a damper on the experience, and we actually rushed through our meal to escape the noise.Yelpers, if you check in here there is a discount, but you cannot use it for brunch.  Brunch (coffee/tea + food) is $21.95.  We ordered the brioche french toast, croque madame, and spinach and tomatoes omelette.  Food was fantastic in both presentation and taste.  All of us cleared our plates.  My friend who is vegetarian got the omelette and said it was so tasty and she did not feel jipped by the vegetarian option.  Some items are more worth paying $21.95 for brunch than others.  However, all of our dishes were delicious and plated beautifully, and $21.95 is what I would expect to pay at this type of restaurant, so pricing is fair.  Service was good, but I would not say above-and-beyond.  The music was so irritating that I probably would not return for brunch, but at a less crowded time (and so I can use my coupon!).  Overall, if you don't mind loud music, PMF does provide a scrumptious brunch!
#REVIEW#I came here on a Sunday around 1pm to grab brunch with 2 friends. We ordered the pancakes, French toast and steak sandwich. The food was good. We had the meal for $21.99 that came with coffee . This place was great and I'm definitely adding it to my brunch spots.Food:Pancake , the pancakes came in a large portion which was great and filled with fruits on top (strawberries and blueberries) which were my favorite! I loved how the pancakes weren't overally sweet and were super fluffy.Nutella French toast was filled with Nutella. The toast was crispy and soft which was made perfect ! Of course it came with fruits which topped it off and the fruits were fresh.Service:The servers were super lively and humorous. They were also attentive whenever we needed something. The restaurant ambiance was nice. My only complaint would be the volume of the music they played.The music was so loud to a point where I had to scream to the top of my lungs just to say something to my friends that sat across from me. I had asked a server to lower the music and they did but somehow the volume worked it's way back up.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch! Very tight space with rickety everythingTried:- brioche french toast 7/10: nothing too special, the bread was really soft, almost doughy. Generous amount of nutella on top and your standard fruits (strawberry, blueberry, bananas)- brussel sprouts 9/10: i like my brussel sprouts really crispy on the outside and this was exactly that! Some sort of peanuts (?) sprinkled on top & was a tad too salty- eggs scandinavian 7/10: was pretty badic, the bread was a little softer than im used to. The smoked salmon wasn't very "smoky". It was just averageThree stars bc everything was just average, nothing i'd want to come back for. Maybe their dinner menus is different?
