#NAME#The Boil
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-boil-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cajun,seafood,raw_food#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I'm a fan! I got there right at 4pm on a Saturday - that's exactly when they open. Guess what? It was already packed full of people. We're off to good start....Here's the deal:1. Pick your seafood! I chose the lobster and shrimp option. 2. Pick your sauce! I chose the the boil special sauce (which is their most popular) 3. Pick your spice. I love spice, I was raised with very spicy spice (I'm Trinidadian) BUT I enjoy tasting food. The waitress told us that medium spice is about a 5 out of 10. She also said spicy is about an 8 out of 10. I went with medium and was pleased. They give you a bib and off you go digging in to this  bag of flavor. It was excellent. I spent $30 with tip, no drink other than water. I was with one other person and we shared. So it is a bit pricey but still 5 star! They have a bathroom AND they also have a phone charging station! Do it, go here and you won't be dissatisfied.
#REVIEW#Asa the waitress was quite rude and rushing us. We were in the middle of placing our order and because I seen her talking about us and making rude gestures I cancelled the entire order for all 5 of us. I refuse to spend money where the staff is flippant. Im sure the owners could care a less but yeah im good on the boil.
#REVIEW#Came here one Valentine's Day and fell in love. The food is so good. It's creole/Cajun seasoning food and the place is very much what I would imagine/describe as New Orleans style.There's always a waitlist of about a half hour average. But once you sit you have 2 hours unless you're spending serious cash. We ordered some apps. I love the Mac and cheese. We then each got our bag of food. You get gloves and an apron to eat with. I ordered a bag of shrimp and lobster. The food is really tasty and flavorful. It's definitely an experience. The service is good as they want to get you in and out as quick as possible. The drinks are very sugary so it's too much for me.The ambiance isn't romantic more like a good hangout with 90s rap music. But if you're looking for good seafood, this is the place! Cash Only!
#REVIEW#I always wanted to go to a seafood boil because I've seen so many people going. It took me this long because 1. I was so reluctant going because I don't like smelling fishy after touching all that seafood. It is like you have to take a shower just to get all that smell off 2. I couldn't find someone, other than my brother, to go with who I am comfortable getting down and dirty with and 3. I didn't know where to go. However, this past Memorial Day Weekend, I went with a friend who saw me get disgusting in one way or another. The food was pretty good. It was a bit pricey for what it was worth, but overall, the food was good. We asked for fire and it delivered. We got cajun fries on the side and wow! It was probably one of the best cajun fries I've ever had. I know, why the okay rating then? Well, having been in the food serving business in the past, I was not really content with the service. We ate by the bar and the server was a tip-toeing along the line of rude. Our food and drinks came after a bunch of people that ordered after us and the server gave me a look when I asked for a cracker for my crawfish. I wanted to get at the claws (can you blame me?). It was a bit strange. It was like we were being treated differently because we were the only asian people at this place. It was even more strange because the server was asian. I am not sure what was going on, but I don't have the need to make a trip or spend my hard earned coin at a place that treated me and my friend less than, at the very least, average. I can say I tried and it was fine.
#REVIEW#Really yummy but super pricey! Make sure you make a reservation here because there are always lines going out the door. You get to choose your seafood and your toppings and then you get to eat it like any other seafood place. They give you gloves and bib so you don't get anything dirty. The reason I love this place over others is the freshness of the food. The sauces are also SO good and they definitely don't skimp out. Also pro tip: this place is cash only so make sure you bring cash with you. If it wasn't as pricey, I would be coming back once a week but for special occasions, I would come again.Price: 2/5 Food: 5/5Service: 5/5
#REVIEW#Came here for some seafood one late evening for dinner in Saturday evening.  There was a short wait so we had a lychee martini while we waited.We sat at the bar for dinner.  The bar tender in duty was in point, Chad.  Our lychee martinis were so good!!! We had small plates to sample the food. Oysters Gumbo soupSoft shell crab basket with Cajun fries with cabbage salad Catfish with Cajun fries with cabbage saladSnow crab legs with Cajun seasoning This place is the Bomb! Parking is crazy in lower east side bit be patient, you can find parking.
#REVIEW#Fresh yummy seafood. We came around 5:30pm and got a table in the back. There's a line after 6pm so either make reservations or come early. We ordered dungeons crab and crawfish combo and added an extra pound of shrimps. Their signature sauce was delicious, got the mild and it had a nice kick without being too spicy. Garlic sauce FTW. The crab was a bit small but the shrimps and crawfishes were pretty nice size. Canjun fries are a must! Service was ok. Ambiance was chill and relax, music was a bit loud for conversations. Keep in mind, this place is cash only. There is an ATM by the entrance but it's $3 fee.
#REVIEW#Food(3/5)-stopped by for eat dinner with friends. I've been other location and I tried this location for the first time. We ordered 2lb crawfish with fire, 2lb shrimp with spicy, 2lb clam with mild and bottle of sparkling water, coke. I like to eat spicy but I couldn't eat spicy this time from got stomach pain again. I've tried eat like this food a lot but this place wasn't the best. Crawfish wasn't live and clam was too salty for me or my friends. Shrimp was ok and really fresh. Everything tasted too oily for me or my friends.Service(3.5/5)- We wanted move to other table cuz we sats on little small table. Probably it for only two people. We couldn't get a bigger table and decided to ordered food little than we wanted. There's no line from snowing outside and it was Sunday night around 7:30pm. Usually there's line for get a table. Our waitress was friendly but little slow service. Ambience(4/5)- I like clean place and this place was pretty clean. The bathroom was clean too. Noting special interior than other location and smaller than other location but I could tell you that clean than other location.P.S both places are cash only.
#REVIEW#When you make a reservation here, please note that rather than a reserved table, it's more like you put your name down on a waitlist to be seated anywhere, which includes being seated at the bar. There also may be a bit of a wait regardless even when you show up on time, as experienced.Food: the snow crab legs were sooo good! 1 lb was sweet, but I wish that came with the potatoes and corn (only included with 2 lbs+). Next time because I couldn't get enough, I'll opt for two.I ordered rice on the side to soak up the sauce, and this was a great idea.Cash only.
#REVIEW#Came here 3 weeks ago with a really good friend of mine. We both had the snow crab legs (mine was medium heat) and she had the mild sauce. It was pretty good as we were seated fast. They do give you gloves and a bib so that your clothing is not messed up. The side I chose was the cajun fries which eere fresh and well seasoned. I also purchased the hurricane cocktail and it was good too. It is cash only, so no cards are accepted.I definitely recommend it and the restaurant inside is very small so be mindful of that. I wouldn't come out of my way for it on a weekend night any time soon again, but the food is good. I recommend you try it.
#REVIEW#We decided to go to The boil at the last minute. We knew there be a wait but since it was a table for 2 we were willing to wait upto 25 minutes to get in. Walking in we noticed a small group of people wsiting on line. Host took us right in and we sat on the line of tables behind the bar. We were so happy to not have to wait since we were starving, placed the order and we decided to go with the dog fish head IPA which is a perfect companion to quench the heat from the shrimp boil. We had a side of the canun fries and a side of the white rice to make sure we could deal with the spice from the boil. When the waiter brought the bag over the fragrance of butter and old bay season was everywhere.  The sauce was loaded with a ton of garlic and inside the bag there were some potatoes and corn which were mixed with the shrimp boil mix. I didn't realize it would be messy, until i saw people eat. It was very cute to see the waiter give us the plastic bibs and the surgeon gloves, which makes sense because if the shrimp boil gets on your fingers or clothes it can cause a stain or worst damage your clothing. We had a great time digging in the bag for shrimp as they do not provide any flatwate or plates. Instead you get paper plates, plastic utensils and a med clear bag full of shrimp.The sauce had a excellent balance of heat, well seasoned and the shrimp were fully coated with the sauce. It was almost like a rue and it had a hint of sweetness on the palate. I would definitely go back and have more but perhaps next time i will go to their other location where i can make reservations and actually get a table. Great beer menu and great bartenders, all the staff is friendly and very helpful, awesome dinner experience.
#REVIEW#My roomies and I had an absolute blast at this establishment.The food was very good, and for the price you get quite a lot of quality food. I really appreciated the service as well.Our waiter took the time to teach us how to properly eat some of the food and was a great sport with the likes of three of us. Seasoning and sauce is absolutely on point and I loved some of the server's recommendations. I left very full and happy. Can't wait to come back. 4.8/5
#REVIEW#Definitely, plan to eat here on an empty stomach because you will overeat.  The aroma of the special sauce hits your nose as soon as you step into the establishment and builds up your appetite.  I was reminded of a lot of the similar restaurants I visited in Cali.  It's a small place, but there's a reason that it's full of commotion.  We started off with a glass of chardonnay and sipped away while we waited for our food.  The bib is necessary as the whole ordeal is very messy and you will see sauce sloshed from the plastic bags as you munch down on your spoil.  Our server Vlad presented us with two huge bags filled with crab legs, crab, potatoes, corn, and shrimp.  The sauce was AMAZING. If you detest garlic shame on you. At The Boil, the garlic and butter with the slight spiciness will make you forget the handsome man you are sitting across from and battle for the last piece of corn.  We literally did not talk for thirty minutes and inhaled our food.  We finished our food and added the remaining sauce to rice.  Yes, it's that good you want to devour the very last drop.  I was about to take off my plastic gloves and call it a night when we were surprised with a bag of clams.  The sauce was equally orgasmic but seemed to taper off on the garlic.  My only complaint was the bathroom as the one I popped into had an extremely wet floor.  All in all, the food was amazing, but don't go here on a date night because it's messy, your breath will smell like garlic till the next day, and make sure to wear some loose fitting clothes to go all out.
#REVIEW#Fire food but I definitely don't care that it's cash only. Service could have been a lot better but the place was packed so I'll cut them some
#REVIEW#I just wanted to say my favorite part was the sausageThree additional side notes:- It was not terribly packed on a Sunday night- The wife got a headache after drinking the hurricane- The DO take reservations on open table
#REVIEW#YUM!We came in around 5pm on a rainy Saturday, luckily we were seated quite fast. We were offered the bar area, or shared table as well as a table for 2 on the side. My boyfriend chose the table of 2. I remember when this location was first opened, they already have a tremendous wait/line to get in. After all these years nothing have change especially their food and service.Everything was wonderful! We love seafood and we came for Ericks birthday, we went a little too crazy with the food. We had ordered for the 2 of us -$45 Combo B: lobster and shrimp or substitute crawfish  -$35 Dungness Crab  -$15 Clams -$12 Southern fried wings  -$4 Garlic bread For the sauces we decided on "the boil" mixture of garlic butter & Cajun sauce which was delicious, but we should've tried the other one because we had too much garlic that night.Overall everything was very fresh! It obviously took a longer to come because at 5pm they were already a full house. Our wings n breads came first and we were so hungry, but the wings were piping hot. The service can not forget is the best best, they will ask if everything is doing good, refill your water cups, trash out your tray for of shells, see if you need anything else. At the end of the meal they'll also offer you wet wipes and kindly open the package for you. 5 ***** for the service!Once again I love love seafood and this place is the only place I love the most. If you ever come to New York or Downtown, go to this spot. not the other names, trust me !Cash only
#REVIEW#Amazing food! No words can describe how full I was that night. I had the combo 2, which was the lobster and crawfish. The lobster was 1 1/2lb and the crawfish was 1lb. I thought I wasn't going to be able to finish it and I was right! I ended up just stuffing the rest in my mouth and ate until the bag was empty. The lobster was HUGE, packed with plenty of meat, but the crawfish was so small that even the head and the claws were bigger than the actual body. I opted for the special sauce, which was a combo of all of them and it was really good. It gave it a creamy taste to it. I couldn't stop dipping the lobster into the sauce. I also ordered the calamari, but it wasn't really worth the price, I could've gotten a bigger portion at elsewhere, but the next time I come back, I'm definitely going to get the same combo but with medium spicy!
#REVIEW#What a great food Experience!!! I have been meaning to come to the boil for some time now but something always pops up and I never make it. Finally the opportunity arose and i got to try it last night. Can we say AMAZING!! I can't wait to go back.Food: I went with a group of friends and we chose to share and try different things. For apps we shared a shrimp cocktail which was too cold in my opinon. Slighty frozen still. Cajun Wings which were tasty but came out extremely hot. My friend had the Gumbo. The others seemed to enjoy that. Now unto the main entrees. We shared 4 pounds of snow crabs amongst 5 of us and I think that worked well. The flavors were flavorful. We had the cajun spicy and the garlic butter. Both were so good. We had a few sides as well, cajun fries, garlic bread, and sausages. All great! The spicy was good not too hot in my opinion. Drinks: they were great however not really strong. I had the mojito and hurricane to try and they were tasty. Service/Ambiance- place is popular wish it was bigger. Just felt there wasn't enough space if you have a larger party. They were nice to move us from a slighty smaller table to a bigger one. That was much needed as we had a party of 8. Also the waiter was snippy. Felt he had an attitude at times. Tip: CASH Only which is annoying . Their Atm broke while my friend already had processed her withdrawal. They werent helpful in that situation.  I'd suggest getting cash elsewhere. Get there early!
#REVIEW#YUM YUM YUM! Be warned, the prices add up and it's cash only! There's an ATM inside. The food here is so good! I ordered their special house seasoning at medium and it was perfection. So garlicky. So. Good. I also asked for a side of their hot sauce-I personally didn't find it hot but it was drinking delicious. Got the snow crab, Dungeness crab, crawfish, and shrimp. All delicious!
#REVIEW#This place exceeded expectations! The service was fast and we waited for under 10 minutes. Our host actually taught me how to actual crack my crawfish. I have the boil with crawfish and garlic sauce. I had some of my friend's boil with snow crab legs and the sauce mixed. Both were delicious. The corn was  good but not Cajun. It was just hot I couldn't taste the seasoning. I had the fried oysters sandwich which was pretty good. It was pretty good.
