#NAME#Ippudo Westside
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ippudo-westside-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Yeah... It's always busy.  ALWAYS!  As soon as I get off the plane in New York, this is my first stop.  After my hotel of course, unless I'm seriously jonesing, then my Lyft needs to bee-line here! The ramen is properly fatty and salty, not too much.  With pork belly chashu, sesame kikurage mushrooms, menma, red pickled ginger and scallions in perfect proportions, what's not to like?  In this location, I always try to sit at the bar.  Why?  Not idea.  Habit mostly.  To me it's the perfect spot to people watch and the folks behind the bar are fantastic.  No matter how busy they are, I've always received fantastic service!  I only wish I needed to go to NYC again soon :)
#REVIEW#I've been to this location three times now and so I obviously like it but this time was really a standout. The wait is still considerable even on a weekday evening but it's worth and I'm used to it because this is a very popular place. Get there on the earlier side of the evening and you shouldn't have to wait too long.We started with the shishito peppers which were fine but I've had better. I most likely would not order them again. A few of them were so charred they had a bitter burnt taste that was unpleasant. For our ramen we had the Shiromaru Hakata Classic (classic tonkotsu broth with sliced pork) and Torishio Ramen (clear chicken and pork broth). Both were extremely tasty and the noodles weren't mushy, they had a nice bite to them. For dessert, my friend had a matcha dessert that I don't recall the name of and I had the Golden Toast which was a show stopper and a large part of this four-star review. This buttery toasty sweet but not too sweet bread is what my dreams are made of!! It was sooooo yummy and the cold vanilla ice cream was a perfect accompaniment. Full disclosure, I never order dessert at Asian restaurants because I don't like matcha or red bean paste or any of the usual flavors I see on their dessert menus. I always get dessert elsewhere. So, I was thrilled to see a dessert that didn't use any of these flavors. I would eat the Golden Toast again and again and again. Yum!!
#REVIEW#Definitely one of the better ramen places in Manhattan. Have been to the other location so I stopped here for lunch. We beat the lunch crowd, but even ten minutes after opening, it was already half full. The place is pretty big with a mix of tables for groups and bar for quick turn over.Ordered the Karaka-men Spicy Ramen lunch special which came with a spicy tuna lunch bowl. The lunch bowl was a nice addition. The sushi rice and tuna were very fresh and tasty. The ramen broth was thick and filling, and the noodles delicate. Loved the pork belly and spices on top. It's an great overall location and one worth visiting if you're in the area!
#REVIEW#The ramen is decent here but not so amazing that I would consider coming back. The chashu was good but does not melt in your mouth or have a high level of fattiness like some other ramen joints. A decent char gave it flavor and paired alright with the broth. I may have been slightly biased as I had Ichiran the day before which made the broth at ippudo seem not as flavorful. For about $14 for a standard bowl of ramen with a sprinkling of toppings I was happy to try this joint but would not consider returning. A bit annoyed that they don't offer togo packaging for your leftover ramen so I was forced to finish my bowl.The service was very good as the servers were attentive enough and extremely polite. It made for a good experience as the ambiance and decor of the restaurant was very appealing.The wait was not too bad when we came in for a 5 PM dinner on a Saturday, and even though we brought in beverages from Bibble and Sip the associates were kind enough to keep our drinks in a small fridge (no outside food or drinks allowed). Overall, decent food but not phenomenal.
#REVIEW#Overall, the ramen is more of a smaller sized portion for that price, all noodle together is as big as a lady's fist, there is no soft boiled egg included like most of the ramen place, the noodle itself is chewy, different from other ramen place i had but i kind like it, Flavor isn't the best in my opinion, too salty! I had better ramen in chicago;) Wasabi ramen: has a  light flavor of wasabi just like the name, but not over powering. I liked the two little piece of toufu skin inside, no meat, the broth is thick and salty, I can tell this is a good quality japanese ramen, but not 5 star good. My hubby didn't like this one at all. Karaka-men: spicy ramen, looks spicy and there is a good kick. i would normally order this type of ramen but since i am pregnant, i didn't like much spicy food. Had a bite of this ramen, very very salty!!
#REVIEW#Who would've known that the best ramen ever was in New York ? It's funny when you've tried good but to later realize that There was something better. But seriously, one sip of this ramen and I knew what the big deal was !The broth ! It had so much flavor and I ordered the "karama men " which is spicy. I didn't mix in the spices but Had the original broth when I first sipped it and I was thinking " Zamnnnn it taste even better without anything ". I do love things spicy though so the spice added an extra kick. Although the noodles are thin here I thought everything in that bowl was pure perfection. I didn't even care that I preferred thick noodles. The chasu was good and the egg was cooked perfectly. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Overall if you're looking for an actual good spot this is your go to place . Can't wait for my next trip to NYC just so I can have this again!
#REVIEW#Everyone (both on Yelp and off) seems to love Ippudo Westside so I decided to check it out. The ramen is so good and I believe everyone.We came in at lunchtime and it was super crowded, which wasn't a surprise. We waited maybe 30 minutes to sit at the counter (that's where there was room, we didn't request the counter) and it was so worth it.We tried the classic and Akamaru Modern. How do you describe good ramen that you dream about afterward? That's how good it was. I paired it with beer and it was perfect.The guy we sat next to said he lives nearby and comes once a week. I don't blame him. There is a limited menu but I'm very happy with what I tried. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in New York.
#REVIEW#Stopped by this little place as it was a block from the hotel and had great Yelp ratings!FOOD: They advertise fresh seafood and noodles, but I had the hot, puffy buns with chicken and in pork.  They were divine, soft, steamy and perfectly spiced & cooked chicken.  My daughter had a bowl of noodles and said it was really delicious.  The sake in my photo was my favorite new find, will have to see if I can find it in Dallas!ATMOSPHERE:  This is a really energized place!  We sat at the bar, which is similar to communal tables.  We sat next to another Mother / Daughter, native New Yorkers and it was a delightful time.  They were regulars and made suggestions and told us what the waitstaff was shouting & the patrons response meant. (You can experience it yourself--quite fun!)SERVICE: We were waited on quickly and professionally & even though the waitress didn't tell me her name (my pet peeve), it was still great!TIPS:  Go early, we went at 5:15 and had to wait 15 minutes but the regulars said there is often an hour or more wait list.
#REVIEW#Ippudo has some of the best pork belly buns, hands down. The pork is tender and juicy and the sauce plus fluffy buns makes a good balance. I do wish I was able to customize the firmness of the noodles and broth like some competitors allow but it's all good! The ramen was cooked perfectly firm and the broth was delicious. Broth was very tasty without being too overpowering or salty like some other places My favorite part is the seasoned egg which is definitely a must get! Perfectly soft boiled and tasty
#REVIEW#I'm not one to repeat restaurants while traveling, but my boyfriend and I agreed that this is a MUST the next time we visit NYC. We split a big bowl of their spicy ramen.. definitely want to try the buns next time! I have never had ramen this good. Our friends recommended it to us and said the same things.
#REVIEW#Popular ramen chain in Japan came to NYC, became fancy trendy place!Not just ramen, food was excellent in this Ippudo. Ambience was great. Service also superb. Not far from our hotel, definitely we will come here again whenever we are in Manhattan.
#REVIEW#This place was worth the wait. The Karaka Ramen was just the right level of spicy. It was filling but light on the stomach. Made from scratch for each person so if needed for allergies and dislike of particular ingredients, they can make adjustments. I did find the restaurant to be pretty chilly but the warm broth hit the spot! You can experience a long wait if you hit it during prime dining times. My recommendation is to arrive shortly they reopen for dinner and put your name in when you arrive even if you are waiting for a friend. Also dine in small groups to reduce the wait as well. I d
#REVIEW#Ippudo is a VERY popular ramen spot in NYC so I just had to come and try it for myself. I came here with a party of 5 and waited almost TWO hours. Honestly, the wait was insane and I was really starting to get impatient. They definitely have more seats available for smaller parties so  just having a larger group of 5 made it more difficult. They have a bar by the waiting area where you can order drinks and appetizers while you wait.I tried the karaka-men which was very flavorful. But honestly, I also could have just been so hungry which made it taste so good. It had just the right kick of heat to it. The broth was thick enough to be captured by the noodles and sadly, it doesn't come with too many toppings but the star is really the broth and the noodles. The noodles were cooked perfectly and not soggy at all. If you don't finish your soup broth, you are able to ask for additional noodles which is super worth.Overall, it was a great just to try the famous Ippudo but the wait was way too long and definitely ruined the experience a bit.
#REVIEW#What happened Ippudo? I first visited this location two years ago and came back two days ago. I remembered the ramen to be so delicious. However my most recent visit was disappointing. I ordered the classic and everything about it was just mediocre. The broth and the noodles and toppings were just ok. I did not like the red radish in my broth. This time around I ordered their famous pork buns and the meat was tough and the sauce was nothing special. What happened to my beloved ramen place?! On a side note: I went to the ippudo in Tokyo last year and that was the bomb!
#REVIEW#This place is excellent.They really have it down to a science. They seat you, you order, and the food comes out in 10 minutes or less...and it's delicious. This time around I split an order of the soft shell buns, which were excellent and the Akamaru modern, which also was super tasty.Overall, this is one of the best dining options in the area and the value is definitely there. Can feel a bit rushed since everything comes out so fast, but it is definitely worth a trip.
#REVIEW#Noodles... excellently the correct texture... at least the thin noodles which I had.Soup broth... delicious... not too salty, not too thick.Pork buns.... man oh man oh man... these are good.  Service... very good; they try and take care of you.Price... uh a little expensive for ramen; plus the serving size is too small.The buns kick this place into four stars.
#REVIEW#This place was for sure the best ramen we've had in the US! It was soft and the broth was so flavorful! We got an egg to go with our bowl of Karaka- man! It was really delicious. The vibe of this place is also really cool, every time someone walks in, they scream to welcome them in Japanese. I would recommend this place for sure, the food is amazing as well as the experience!
#REVIEW#Very popular and busy ramen spot in NYC!- I can tell there is typically a wait - our wait time was 25 minutes or so which wasn't bad (party of 4, 2 PM on a Saturday) - Make sure your whole party is with you, they won't mark you down until everyone is present - They only have one type of noodle (no choice between thin or thick egg noodles) however, it tasted like a cross breed between the two and I was a huge fan- Food comes out quickly - ramen was delicious and piping hot- I got the Karaka-men ramen (version of a spicy tonkotsu) which came with chasu, kikkurage, spicy sauce, cabbage, and green onions - added bamboo with a side of more spicy sauce. The broth was flavorful and portion size was great! Bowls are deep The ramen was both satisfying and delicious. Definitely worth the wait and highly recommend!!
#REVIEW#Ippudo is an experience & for me comfort food.I have eaten at many of the Ippudo locations in NYC & Los Angeles.  The NYC LOCATIONS are the BEST & the Hells Kitchen is THIER Best of the Best in my opinion.The Only CON:The potentially long wait.  I've been told 3 hours before.With that said I am not deducting any stars for the wait.  Because:1. I've also been sat quickly2. I have the option to not wait3. It's worth it if you have the time
#REVIEW#It was a solid bowl of ramen.I went during a weekday and despite it being slightly drizzly outside, there was a slight line outside before they reopened for dinner service at 5PM. I was quickly seated and helped, and the food came extremely quickly.I ordered just the Karaka-men. It is the original Tonkatsu broth but with a bit of spiciness. As someone who handles spice poorly but loves it, I believe it was just the right amount for me. There was a filling amount of noodles, soup, and other additives that make it worth its price. However, this place did not impress me enough because although great, it did not blow me away.So tl;dr: solid ramen, great service. I would come back again if I am in the area by chance.
