#NAME#Amy Ruth's
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/amy-ruths-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#southern,soulfood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#YoooThe food is soooo good. I'm not sure how I'm gonna eat soul food anywhere else. I came here late after performing at a comedy show (follow me @bigkevcomedy) looking for some fried chicken and Mac/Cheese and Candied yams. It wasn't too crowded, but I wasn't planning on staying. It was a short wait for food. Once I put my teeth in my mouth started watering, and I had a little bit of slobber. Food was well cooked, flavorful.This food is so good, you won't share with no one.
#REVIEW#My friends and I were SUPER hungry when we came here at midnight on Saturday after drinking heavily at an event. We stopped in Harlem at Amy Ruth's because on Saturdays, it's open all night - they close at 5:30AM. It was packed but my party of 3 was seated right away. The service took a long time but we were kept busy with the corn bread and butter at the table. I ordered the honey dipped fried chicken with a side of mac n cheese and candied yams. My only regret was getting the chicken white meat because it was a little dry but the GLAZE?!? Oh my gosh it was finger licking good. The breading was crispy and crunch but not too thick. The chicken was fresh and well seasoned. The yams and Mac were good in flavor, but the yams were too sweet. Honestly, it met my expectation in flavor - everything was delicious! Would definitely come back and get the ribs next time. The service was slow and I tried to ask a waiter a question and they looked at me and kept walking.....FYI - gratuity is included in the check. Food is great, service could be better
#REVIEW#If you're in Harlem you have to eat at Amy Ruth's. I prefer to go on a weekday during less busy hours. We got there around 11:40 am on a Thursday and was seated immediately. Right after we sat down, we were served water and cornbread...banging! The waiter was friendly. We didn't wait long at all for our food. I got the chicken and a waffle but requested for my chicken to be honey-dipped...banging! It was really good. I read that Amy Ruth's was voted #2 for the best chicken and waffles in the country...I'm a believer! I just love the vibe of this place; the history, culture, and southern food makes this place the gem that it is.
#REVIEW#The Rev. Al Sharpton: perfectly fried chicken with a delicious waffle. The chicken breading was wonderfully crispy, and the meat underneath remained moist. Credit also goes to a darn good waffle that was similarly crispy with a sweet, fluffy interior.We were here with a large school group and the students were ooohing and awwwing as the dishes came out. It was a fantastic experience.
#REVIEW#The Good...Food was delicious. Fried Chicken, Mac and cheese (amazing), butter corn (nothing special). My 3 GFs had smothered pork chops (amazing), cabbage (amazing), mashed potatoes, chicken and waffle, fried okra.  The bad...Quite a few items were ordered and we were told after the fact that they were out I.e potato, rum cake.  No refill on Kool aid, come on it's Kool aid.  The ugly...our server. Not her looks, her attitude.  She basically took our order, came back to say they didn't have whatever and yep that's it.  A male helped us as she avoided us.  He was great. I would have rated higher but her service was unacceptable.  Food is worth it.  Enjoy
#REVIEW#Now this is what call southern good! I come from the south, and am quite skeptical when a place not from the south says that they can make true southern comfort food. But baybeeee this place hits the spot! I had the barbecue chicken with collard greens and candied yams. All dishes were absolutely delicious. (They were so good that it honestly reminded me of when I visit my home state). I ordered a slice of red velvet cake to go, which was also absolutely amazing!  I highly recommend his place! Ps. They give you complimentary corn bread.
#REVIEW#I came for Sunday brunch with seven friends in tow. It looked as if we weren't going to be seated for a while. Surprisingly, the eight of us got seated in about 20 minutes which was a great start. Amy Ruth's names a few of their dishes after noteworthy African Americans. I didn't recognize a few names. However, I do know who Gabrielle Union is: two large smothered pork chops with two sides (I chose mac and & cheese, candied yams). Holy hell (I really wanted to curse here) these folks serve some amazing food. The pork chops were delicious and I savored every morsel. The gravy was hearty and seasoned nicely. The yams were balanced, sweet but not overpowering. The mac & cheese was off the hook. A soul food restaurant always has to get these sides right to be worthy of attention.My only complaint was that one pork chop was a lot more tender than the second one. Maybe they were different cuts? Confusing, but both were tasty. This was a TON of food...I didn't eat for the rest of the day. The service and space are a bit no frills, but they get the job done. Very good soul food offered here.
#REVIEW#One of the best soul food spot in Harlem.. Nowat first their mac and cheese was not hitting like grandma make it. But lately it been the bomb and the fried chicken honey dip is to die for..  I will always go back even if I just ate you can always take food for lunch..
#REVIEW#3.5 ratingSooo the waffles were really good. I'm talking love at first bite. It was so good that I didn't want to share with nobody! My waffle was buttery, cakey and had just the right amount of sugar. Then it was the chicken and that was just meh!Amy Ruth's is a soul food place located in the heart of Harlem. It's known for their many different pairings of waffle creations such as catfish and waffles, waffles and steak, waffles with fried shrimp, you name it they got it! I also love how the meals are named after great African Americans such as Al Sharpton, Gabrielle Union and Barack Obama. When we arrived around 12:30pm, I had my heart set on ordering an entree however we were told that the chef was still in the process of closing out his breakfast so I had to settle for the chicken and waffles on their breakfast menu.Once again their waffles- super yummy!! however the chicken was not great it wasn't bad but it wasn't standard soul food chicken. I was expecting the chicken to have the right amount of season and the crispity crunch instead I got plain basic fried chicken. Overall service was pretty fast, prices were reasonable and our waiter was friendly and personable!
#REVIEW#The food was good. I had the fried chicken with grits and collard greens. The only negative thing is that it took forever for them to take our order we waited almost 15 min and they also took a while to cash us out. Other then that it's a good place for some soul food
#REVIEW#First time at Amy Ruth's, and definitely won't be my last. Delicious food, and welcoming staff. Their waffles are big & fluffy, the chicken is nice and crispy, and their mac&cheese is baked to perfection. Your food comes in a hurry, and while you wait that short period of time they give you complimentary corn bread & butter.
#REVIEW#I came here on vacation, because I heard it was the best in Harlem ,so I had to give it a try! Overall it was good, I had the catfish meal with two sides. Greens and Mac and cheese which was really good. Everything was great I just wish my fish was crispier. Other than that it was good
#REVIEW#If you like Southern Homestyle food, lots of fried stuff, this is your spot. Came here with coworkers that, when we travel, like to find a Soul Food neighborhood haunt, and this was perfect. Loved the service, lots of people checking on us to make sure we were good. I ordered the Al Sharpton and loved every bit of the fried chicken and the waffle. We also ordered an order of wings to share and they were great!
#REVIEW#Feels like I was invited to my friends family place for dinner! Awesome comfort food and homey experience! Portions are HUGE. I got the beef ribs with fried okra and corn bread. So yummy!! Service was great and fast! Can't remember who our waitress was but she was great with recommendations, cordial and funny!!!
#REVIEW#When you think of NYC, you don't exactly think of eating southern food. Usually upscale dining and trending pastries are what I venture around for when visiting. I've lived in the south for 2 yrs and I miss the comfort food. I came here with two of my friends from the south and they were both amazed at how good the food is. I devoured my chicken and waffles. Chicken is crispy, not oily, and weirdly I didn't feel the itis after eating it. The mac and cheese is heavenly; I wonder what the secret ingredient is.
#REVIEW#I have come here twice and while I love the neighborhood and the ambiance of this place (especially the Whitney Houston mural and other murals on the wall), I have sometimes felt the flavors are a bit lacking here somehow.I came on a Thursday night for the Melita Smith special (jerked shrimp). And the "spiciness" was just an overwhelming amount of black pepper... it  was really overpowering and not in a pleasant way. I had the fried okra, mashed potatoes, and Mac n cheese as sides. All were good but none were particularly great.On a previous occasion, I tried the LLoyd Williams (waffle with boneless top sirloin steak). The waffle did not have any particular flavor or outstanding quality but it was decent. The sirloin steak was very filling which I appreciated but after a few minutes, it was under cooked and too chewy! I couldn't even cut it. I tried the banana pudding as dessert and it was definitely a highlight. It was delicious and a huge portion size! It's definitely shareable.
#REVIEW#This is one that best places to eat in Harlem. I highly recommend eating the President Obama special which BBQ chicken or smother. The flavors of there chicken and waffle are simply amazing as well. Outstanding customer service overall .  I'm just tasting their smothered pork chops for the first time , and just blew my mind with amazing flavors.
#REVIEW#Amy Ruth's was my first meal out in New York in the middle of the night.I'm saying it --- Amy Ruth's takes the cake over Roscoe's any day. I might be sinning against L.A., but I can always repent.The entire vibe of the joint was like a 2000's Hits club mixed with the energy of a weekend Waffle House, but 1000 times better!Fitzroy made me feel at home in Harlem, and I was really pleased when he gave my girlfriend mac and cheese on the house since it was our first time there.Okay - the waffles --- they were airy, and weren't too doughy. Loved every single bite. The chicken, really tender, and didn't even need more than a few drops of hot sauce.On the real, the chicken/waffle plate, mac and cheese, and cornbread were cleaned up in no more than FIFTEEN minutes.I want to make this my first stop when I come back.
#REVIEW#I gave this place a 3-star because I really think it was just my dish that had an off day. Everyone else seemed to really enjoy it and it's a spot I'm willing to give another try. Also, their hospitality is welcoming and the service is quick, so it makes up for it. I thought that the food was alright. It wasn't amazing or mind-blowing, but it's a spot I'll come back to, whenever I'm in Harlem. I ordered their ribs and chicken combo, which comes with two sides. It's pretty expensive for the amount of meat they give for the chicken. Their cornbread is good, but it fell apart so quick. The rib sauce is amazing, but the meat was really hard. Their Mac n cheese might be the best thing there because it was on point. Lastly, the collard greens were just alright.
#REVIEW#I was so excited to try this place since I had heard about it from some friends. Completely disappointed by the atrocious service. We were seated for about ten minutes before anyone came by to drop off a basket of bread. No utensils, no plates. Another fifteen minutes passed before I finally flagged down a waitress to take our order. We had about four different servers pass by us, and although we were clearly ready to order (we'd been waiting so long that we were raising our hands, making eye contact, everything JUST to get our server to look at us), they simply walked by. Mind you, it wasn't very busy and our waitress clearly had better things to do, chatting to the other servers. I told her that we had been waiting for someone to take our order, and that we hadn't received any silverware or plates. She goes to the back, brings out the plates, and slams them down at our table. I honestly could not believe how rude someone could be after making us wait a good thirty minutes just to request some fork and knives. She barks "What do you want?" and takes our order, clearly set on worsening the already not-great dining experience. We ordered two waffle dishes. I ordered the Al Sharpton, which comes with either your choice of a fried chicken thigh + wing or breasted wing ($17). My friend ordered The Guy Woods & Shay Barnett, a waffle with banana and pecans ($14). The waffles were fluffy and soft, though portions leaned on the small side. The fried chicken on my waffle was so dry, I had to douse it with an ungodly amount of hot sauce in order to inject any flavor and moisture into it. For a soul food restaurant, this is unacceptable.After we were done, a busboy came to take our plates. We waited another ten minutes for someone to take our check. At this point, we were just looking to leave because we had spent more time waiting than actually enjoying our food.Amy Ruth's, the hopes were high here, but we were left sorely disappointed. There are plenty of other great soul food establishments in the area, so be aware that you don't have to settle for subpar service.
