#NAME#TAO Uptown
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/tao-uptown-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#asianfusion#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Tao is fancy done right. It is a fun and relaxed atmosphere with something for everybody. In a nutshell, Tao is a fancier PF Chang's. It can accommodate from individual up to large group seating. The restaurant is beautifully decorated with gorgeous statues, vases and ethnic art pieces. The lighting is perfect, not too dark against the exposed brick. The HUGE Buddha seated in front of the restaurant is an incredible site to see. It has a small pond in front of it filled with coy fish.Overall the food is excellent and it arrives quickly. The menu offers a lot of options from tapas to family size meals. The food and drinks are reasonably priced for NYC. I recommend you make a reservation especially for parties of four or more. The host and wait staff do an impeccable job. They are friendly and attentive from start to finish.
#REVIEW#Would give 3.5 stars if I could. I came for the lunch special with my boyfriend. The $31 lunch special that goes until 4:45 PM covers quite a large appetizer, main dish, then dessert. Was full before I even ate half my main dish, it's a lot! Good value if you want to be full. 4:30 PM on a weekday, not many people at all. Now, for authenticity... There's a reason why Tao is categorized as asian fusion. The "Kung Pao Chicken", my chosen main dish, was as similar to an authentic Kung Pao Chicken as a tennis racket is to a baseball bat....... They're cousins, not even brothers. Tao's "Kung Pao Chicken" is basically sweet and sour chicken. Bright orange, sickly sweet and strong vinegar smell, bell peppers.... Everything characteristic of an American Sweet and Sour Chicken. Very edible, nothing too wrong with it, asides from the fact that I was craving Kung Pao Chicken and not Sweet and Sour Chicken. My boyfriend ordered the Pad Thai with Shrimp. Edible, chewy noods, but very very sweet and comparable to the sweetness of our dessert. Would not order again, the amount of sugar in the dish was enough to satisfy my sweet cravings for a day-- and I've got a really sweet tooth! Mixed with the sickly sweetness of my Kung Pao Chicken, I just couldn't eat more than two bites. Service was good. Waiters were friendly. Food...... don't come here if you're expecting anything similar to the authentic thing. It's a fusion after all.
#REVIEW#Felt like a night club- loud and dark which I'm not a fan of but great crowd great ambience and decor. Waiters very attentive. Food comes out fast.What I care most about- quality of food. Depending on the dish it's hit or miss- the pad Thai I thought was pretty good my wife thought it was insanely sweet couldn't even take one bite of it.Kung pow chicken came with white rice was delicious. The crunchy orange chicken came as plain chicken which you had to dip I thought was kinda dry and tasteless. Some edamame rice-vegetable dish we got was really bad tasting. The chicken Lo mein was extremely mediocre. We got this tuna tartare appetizer dish which was actually very delicious, as was the crunchy shrimp appetizer.All in all a decent experience but for the insanely high prices I was expecting MUCHH better tasting food- the food tastes just like any other Thai place I've been to if not worse.
#REVIEW#As other reviewers have mentioned, Tao is very overpriced for what you get. I came with a large group for reservations at 2:30pm and ordered by 3pm. We got our first round of appetizers around 3:30pm and main dishes around 4pm. Our server was very nice but extremely slow. We also came for a graduation meal and he offered to bring our a nice dessert, which he then charged us $16 for after making it seem complimentary. Food was subpar and lukewarm. Bathrooms are also labeled "yin" and "yang" for leaving you guessing which one to go to with really poor design and only dishwashing soap in the men's bathroom. Cool concepts, terrible execution. Would never come back or recommend.
#REVIEW#Tao was a very disappointing expensive experience this evening. The hostess with quite the attitude seated us at a table in the middle of the restaurant which wasn't ideal so we asked for a boothOur waitress was barely tolerant We sat next to a family with noisy little kids which was a drag. Chicken sate was rubbery and disappointing Spicy tuna biscuits with siracha sauce were very spicy Pad Thai with shrimp was oily and didn't have much flavor Sea bass was a 4 star fish dishBrussels sprouts were good Overall 2 stars but I'm being generous and giving 3 stars because bf's kids liked it but they don't eat out much in North Carolina and they love Asian food. I thought about it and changed it to a 2 star. They need an adult to come in and slap the sassy hostesses!!
#REVIEW#This decor alone is awesome and serene.  I had this review sitting in my drafts but my former employer had a luncheon here for me two years ago.  The food and service was impeccable.
#REVIEW#Brought a party of 8 here two weeks ago.Was super impressed with the impeccable service for our client dinner.The ambience is amazing,  the focus on tantalizing all of your senses.  The bathroom even had burning incense which was a really nice touch.Spent about 3 hrs here total with about 30 mins at the bar pregaming for our dinner.The staff knew enough to not socialize with us and swiftly bring us our food while conducting our meeting and it was a very smooth dinner overall.Will def come back!
#REVIEW#Overpriced and trendy are what comes to mind when I think of Tao. Expect to pay as everything is over priced. Avoid the "small plates" not worth it, you're paying for the presentation. The entrees are sub par. The Chilean sea bass by far was the best of the three entrees. Nearly $20 for rice no better than a local Chinese restaurant. So why go? Go to say you went, go to see the beautiful Buddha, go for the napkins in the restroom, and the dessert that is worth every single calorie. There were 2 standouts: the excellent service and the dessert. $400 with gratuity for 3; two rounds of drinks, small plates, entrees, and a side of rice. The dessert thankfully was on the house. Thank you Tao!
#REVIEW#Huge fan of the prix fixe lunch here!It's almost become a weekly tradition for me. $31.50 for 3 courses is totally worth it. On the other hand, the dinner is much more expensive and I wouldn't recommend it unless for a special occasion. Drinks menu also on the pricier side at $18 per cocktail. I've tried every every item, and would say my favorite appetizer is either the shrimp skewers or short ribs, favorite entree is Kung Pao chicken or hanger steak with fries, and favorite dessert is banana pudding or chocolate peanut cake. The ambiance is perfect - dimly lit, two levels, modern and sleek design, with a view of the giant Buddha. Service is fast and waiters are well trained. Located in a great part of the city too!
#REVIEW#Let's be real. You go here because its Tao and you want the vibe and experience. If you want something low key, other choices are out there. The food although pricey, as expected, is still tasty. The interior decor is great and it's a good choice for a group dinner. It's the reccomend choice if you want an night out, not just a meal.
#REVIEW#Tao used to be my go-to. Having friends in town, birthday dinner, etc.but lately I've been super disappointed with the quality of the food. On two different occasions I've gone to Tao and had my favorite, the Chilean Seabass skewers, BOTH times the seabass tasted like ammonia. So while in the restaurant I did some research. When a fish taste like Anonia that means that the fish was dead before they killed it, and that the fish had actually started its decomposing process. Tao is toooo fancy of a restaurant, so serve anything but fresh fish. I probably wouldn't frequent there again, unless it was on someone else's dime.
#REVIEW#There is nothing lucrative or alluring about over priced Asian fusion.What can be said about a few scallops in basic Thai curry? I'm not sure what led to the massive diarrhea I had but my speculation is the food. The other thing that occurs is young hostesses that are eagerly bouncing around so middle aged men with erectile dysfunction can make small talk while I wait thirty minute to get my stinking drink. It's a restaurant not sugar daddy seeking Arrangements swap meet.
#REVIEW#Beautiful, large inside. Dark and dimly lit, even during the day. The decorations are extravagant. Not too crowded during lunchtime but gets more pretty crowded in the evening. Came here for lunch and I did the prix fixe lunch menu. Tried the lemongrass shrimp skewers for appetizer and also got the Peking duck spring rolls and spicy tuna on crispy rice. Loved the skewers and the spicy tuna. The spring rolls were ok. I got the kung pao chicken for my main entree with white rice. The entrees are HUGE. I shared it with my party of 5 and together we were able to finish it. I got the mango sorbet for dessert. Wasn't a huge fan of the sorbet being in coconut milk. I tried the chocolate peanut butter cake though and that was absolutely amazing.Food was decent but not mind blowing. Somewhat similar to PF Chang's. The ambience was worth a trip!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite desserts ever!***Locals  Tao is an upscale Asian restaurant. Most of their food is Americanized. Lots of tourists, nearby families and friends, couples and businessmen all come here for a drink or dinner.***Travelers Right by 5th Ave, midtown and Central Park! Make sure to make a reservation! They also have a location downtown.***My Recommendation Their food was average, but I loved the fortune cookie. It had chocolate and cream INSIDE. The fortune cookie is also huge! Meant for one person. It even comes with fortunes! I shared with one other person, and they provided two fortunes. Delicious.IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#Ordered the LUNCH PREFIX and some appetizersAfter a really bad experience at $248 seasonal tasting menu of Jean-George NYC, I found the food here is good.Tempura is crispy, dumpling, short ribs, and chili all turn out to be good. Mushroom as sides is really good.Service is good even for lunch, our servant definitely is professional.Deduct 1 point for long waiting for the food, 40min for appetizer, 30min for entree, 20min for desert.
#REVIEW#Let me start by saying that this place is grand! The gigantic Buddha statue catches your attention the moment you step in. The restaurant delivers a fine dining experience with its fancy ambience! However the food was not on point. It was our anniversary dinner and we were quite hyped about dining at TAO however it wasn't what we're expecting. While id give this place 9/10 for ambience, I cant help but give 3/10 for food and 5/10 for service. Will I be back soon? Nope.
#REVIEW#Went here with my family two nights after Thanksgiving and had a wonderful meal. I made the reservation for 5:15 pm because I knew it would be busy on a Saturday night. We were seated upstairs near the eye opening floating Buddha that overlooks the entire dining room. We were very surprised to see the place packed when we entered and every table got filled up as the meal went on. The interior design looks similar to a Buddhist temple with tons of Instagram worthy shots. Our waitress was very friendly and helped us with any questions we had about the menu. I ordered the crispy tuna sashimi roll for an appetizer. It was a real delight. Crunchy and packed with flavor. And the edamame and light wasabi sauce were nice accompaniments. My miso glazed Chilean sea bass entree was simply heavenly and to die for. It was mouthwatering, very flaky and everything a piece of fish should be. Loved the wok vegetables that came on the side as well! We also ordered broccoli and eggplant for the table. Very delicious!Our meal ended with our waitress bringing us chocolate fortune cookies which weren't bad. If you're willing to break the bank, than this is a great place for a nice dinner out or even a date night! Has to be one of the best Asian restaurants I've eaten at in the city.
#REVIEW#As usual, this place is super upscale with high end food to chose from their menu. Amazing drinks, amazing vibe, highly suggest to everybody Fav drank, lotus blossom
#REVIEW#Came here with a party of 10 to celebrate an early birthday dinner with friends. I had a late reservation (10:30) which is my fault for making it so close to date. We were seated after about 5 mins. The atmosphere is beautifully designed. Our server was very attentive. We decided on family style meal and got a taste of every little thing. The drinks were also good ! I had a great time.
#REVIEW#TAO was great.  The food was amazing and the service was really good.  I was hesitant to try since our Vegas experience wasn't the greatest.... but TAO in New York was so good.   Thank you
