#NAME#Blue Ribbon Brasserie - SoHo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-ribbon-brasserie-soho-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tradamerican,cocktailbars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#This place is an institution, and one of the best places to eat in NYC.Hands down the best late night food in Manhattan,  just get there before 3:45 and you can have a lobster, fried chicken, oysters and order a Barolo.You can't go wrong at blue ribbon, everything is always on point, great bread, great drinks and their menu has all of the hits - you will not be let down. Bring your girlfriend, bring your boyfriend, just go!I highly recommend the shrimp Provençal & the rack of lamb. Great and friendly service and a good crowd of loyal customers from the city who appreciate a good meal at any time of day.  P.S - the waiter Will there is a legend!
#REVIEW#3.5/5 stars but not 4.Had dinner here for five people on Saturday at 6:45pm. Making a reservation was easy and the place had quite a few empty tables when we arrived but became more full as the night went on. FOOD: for dinner we had the oysters (West and east coast), shrimp and trout. Everything was ok. Dinner we had cheeseburgers and the fried chicken. Though the fried chicken came highly recommended from our server, it really wasn't anything special and pretty mediocre. Nice crispy skin but kind of dry and no flavor. Same with the cheeseburger - very mediocre.VERDICT: Overall this place is fine/ok... worth coming only for ease of making a bigger group reservation same night but otherwise there are plenty of better places/food in NYC.
#REVIEW#Great service Fresh seafood What can you ask for?  :) Great place for friends night out dinning! I especially like the seafood, shrimp is big, fresh and processed well!
#REVIEW#Five of us had a business dinner here on a recent Monday evening.  I have dined at Blue Ribbon establishments all over - starting here years ago, then then the Blue Ribbon Sushi outpost at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas, the Blue Ribbon Chicken restaurant off Houston (How-sten) in NYC, both Blue Ribbon Sushi locations in NYC, one at Columbia Circle and one on Orchard Street in the lower east side.  Suffice to say, I am a fan of the Blue Ribbon restaurant group, but the Brasserie is their original and it is definitely different from the others.  It is a unique setting and has a very eclectic menu.  They stay open until 4 am and serve many of the chefs and cooks that crave their variety.Speaking of variety, we tried a lot of different items on this visit!  We started with some shellfish, which included east and west coast oysters, king crab, shrimp cocktail, and some whole shrimp New Orleans style - head and all! A terrine of foie gras and chicken wings followed.  The wings came with a small grill to put some more char and heat on the wings.  Blue cheese and a bbq sauce accompanied the tasty little wings.  Warning: these are not the famous fried wings you can get at other Blue Ribbon restaurants! But, these are still a nice choice. As if we had not had enough, we also has some bone marrow and then a "pu pu platter" with ribs, chicken skewers, more wings, and pierogiesl Main courses included the duck breast, a half-fried chicken, steak tartare, and a cheeseburger.  All entrees were thumbs up. I tried each of the dishes other than the burger.  All were good, but the tartare was not my favorite version of it.  The side of honey for the fried chicken was a delicious treat for an already indulgent offering.  And, to add to the gluttonous theme, we had a small paella for the table which included all the classic ingredients such as sausage and chicken.  No one had room for dessert - our server was very good, on point, on time, and friendly. I really enjoy the Blue Ribbon restaurants, and the Brasserie is a nice changeup from their sushi offerings.  However, given one choice, serve me up some sushi and those wings with wasabi honey any day!Give the Brasserie a try and eat like the local chefs and restaurant pros that make NYC so great.
#REVIEW#If there was a 6 star rating system, I would give this establishment 7 stars. This is probably the most satisfied 5-star rating I have reviewed on Yelp. Do not even hesitate to come into the restaurant, in fact... go out of your way to hit this spot.Ill start with the music, great. Service... top notch (thx Alex and rest of the crew.) Even the bread is worth mentioning!Started with the Marrow & Oxtail... mind blowing. Rich and fatty, but melt in your mouth good. Then my main dish was the Fried Chicken, and it was among the best I've had. Quality of chicken was above average, and the prep was outstanding.Finished off with coffee and Bruno Chocolate dessert... another homerun.I traveled far and happened upon the spot because of the late night hour operation... and I am SURE that I will be back. I will come back with friends, coworkers, and strangers! I am relatively new to NY, but this is one of the BEST restaurants I have been to in the city, or out of it (and I have lived in LA and Bay Area!)UPDATE: Having returned here few times, I have to add that the service is still good, maybe not as exceptional as the first time I visited.The seafood that we tried (red trout and octopus [special]) was good, not exceptional. Had steak tartare and ribs to start that were great. And finished off with crème brule that was outstanding!
#REVIEW#If you want to talk about a small restaurant, then this place would fit the bill, but they deliver on service and great food.  I think we came here for the fried chicken and let me tell you, it was some of the best fried chicken I ever had.  It's half a bird, so you get all the pieces of the chicken, dark meat, white meat, it is freakin delicious!!  Definitely big enough to share.  Their sides were really good too, the mashed potatoes were excellent.I believe it was the owner or manager stop by our table to ask us where we were from.  That was pretty cool.  Definitely make reservations here, because like I said it is a very small restaurant.  Get ready to enjoy some really good fried chicken.The only recommendation I would have to make is for the owner to put up a more prominent sign out front, because we passed the restaurant looking for it that evening :)  We were standing right in front of the restaurant on google maps and still couldn't see the name of the restaurant, haha!
#REVIEW#This is literally my favorite restaurant. It's perfect for a fun date, a special occasion or a casual dinner. It's tiny, adorable and has a very New York vibe. It's open late, and they serve the full menu until 4 am! My absolute favorite is obviously the bone marrow. But the rest of the menu is fantastic.Oysters. Caviar. Bone marrow. Fois gras. Steak tartare. Great drinks and wine. You can make a reservation, but the bar is the best! This is truly a staple.
#REVIEW#First recommended place to eat, The place was Amazing,  Incredibly delicious food and The Service was excellent, Dan, Mike, John, Sean, Bryant, David, Aodhan, James and Michael really know how to make a WOW, experience, their Soft Shell Crab and Chimichurri sauce it's the Best I ever had anywhere, The Salmon was cooked to perfection and The Skirt stake also, definitely a little great place to visit when in NYC!#cheflife #chefsolidarity #foodporn #livelovelaugh #wherechefsgoeat #pdx #portlandcuisine #speakeasy #pdxbest #cocktail #nycbests #nycfoodscene #nycflavors
#REVIEW#I've always considered this restaurant as one the top of places in the city to go for a special occasion. You don't experience the pretentiousness you find in most high-end restaurants, you can get a reservation quite easily, the menu has plenty of captivating items and the food is solid.I returned last week for a celebratory dinner with a friend of mine, and this time unfortunately the quality and care of the dishes we ordered fell a bit short. First we shared their escargots, which are prepared in a very different way. I found the red wine reduction to be really good, although the whole dish was just ok.Then I ordered the duck, while my friend went for the pigeon (which is what I chose last time I was here). The portion of the duck breast was generous, but the meat was barely warm and lacked flavor. The Brussel sprouts that came with it tasted just plain boiled, and had no flavor either. The orange "sauce" was too liquid. Overall, the dish was quite underwhelming. My friend's pigeon wasn't hot either. The meat was tasty but a bit dry, and I wasn't impressed with the sides (which also lacked flavor).I can't speak of any other dish, because we didn't order anything else. The warm bread they bring you is still outstanding, and the service very good. However, in a place that charges you a decent amount you'd expect the dishes to be more interesting, flavorful and definitely served hot. Even the Malbec we ordered was below average. Quite frankly, I'm not sure I'd go back.
#REVIEW#Excellent late night food and service.  Way beyond expectations.  Delicious and attentive.
#REVIEW#Where do I begin? I'd eaten at the Las Vegas location at The Cosmopolitan a couple of years ago, but didn't know about the SoHo restaurant until a colleague from work mentioned she was meeting clients for dinner a few weeks back. She raved about the place. I recently moved to NYC, and wanted to acquaint myself with the best places for food and drinks; especially given my line of work in Advertising & Marketing where I also entertain clients. This past weekend was a special occassion. Some personal friends were visiting from my old town of Santa Barbara, CA. It was one of my good friend's birthday, and first trip to NYC, so I wanted to do something special to celebrate. I thought of Blue Ribbon Brasserie, and all of the good things I'd heard and read about it. I made reservations, and the rest was history.We received nothing short of outstanding service from the moment we walked in. Michael, the young man who attended to our table, was beyond helpful with explaining the evening specials, and answered all of our questions about the menu. My friend was thrilled with his suggestions of how to get the best flavor experience from the Beef Marrow and Oxtail Marmalade; which we ordered as an appetizer; along with a dozen of the tastiest oysters from British Columbia and Connecticut! Well-played, sir!Our meal was savory and satisfying (we all got the NY Strip). The portions and preparation met our approval, and of course, our drinks were an added compliment. The staff worked in unison with serving us with water, clearing our dishes, and checking in on us as we dined. Michael even brought out ice cream with candles for the birthday girl. She never stopped talking about dinner being one of the best parts of her first time in NYC; especially for her birthday. Thank you, Michael, as well as management and staff! I'll be back again soon!
#REVIEW#Had an early anniversary dinner with the wife (had to get that babysitter home by 8!).  Service was amazing.  Very gracious and knowledgeable.  Helped make our first night away from baby a great one.  We ate too much, drank too much, and loved every minute.  This was favorite of mine from back in the day, wife loves it now too.  Can't wait to return!
#REVIEW#Came here for romantic dinner at Tuesday night, and they were crowded. The hostess give us table for 2 and they so close to another costumers (like you almost sitting together) and of course super mega annoying, loud and disgusting girl in front of me. All the time when I meet like this people, they always drinking tap water, no food or drinks, and she was one of them! And because this dinner was super special, I asked hostess to give us another table (it was only table for 4) and I was 1000000% sure that they will say NO, but tadammmmm they move us. We ordered plany of different dishes and left good tips! Excellent service.About food, we started with fondue, then ribs, steak and sea bass, it was super good, like all food and it was hard to walk after;) So definitely will come back
#REVIEW#I heard great things about Blue Ribbon so I had to come indulge on some of the food. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and I can honestly say this was the best calamari I have ever had. For the entree I ordered the sweet and spicy catfish. The fish was delicious and as the name would suggest it was a mixtures of a sweet and spicy seasonings for the fish. To finish it off for dessert we ordered the chocolate mousse. This mousse is a must order of you are a chocolate lover. It is a very rich and dense mousse because it has been chilled and hardened with a white chocolate graham cracker bottom. Blue Ribbon is  one of the best restaurants in NYC. Will definitely be back to try the other guy options on the menu.
#REVIEW#Known for their fried chicken, I came here through the recommendation of a friend who enjoys to eat and travel. The restaurant is very small and quaint. Service was pretty friendly. No snobbiness here. We ordered the bone marrow and the foie gras to start. I really enjoyed both of the appetizers. I was pretty skeptical about the foie gras based on its presentation, but it definitely tasted a lot better than it looked. (Heads up, both of our appetizers came with bread and they also serve complimentary bread on top of that, so be ready to CARB UP if you decide to try both appetizers!). As for the entree, we ordered the fried chicken and the pigeon. Fried chicken was pretty mediocre. It wasn't bad but it didn't quite wow me the way I was hoping based on all of the reviews. I've been spoiled with jollibees spicy chicken all my life so maybe I just needed something to spice it up a bit. On the other hand, the pigeon was definitely my favorite. It was my first time having it and I found it tasting very similar to quail. The sweet potato side really complimented the tender meat. Definitely get the pigeon, bone marrow, and the foie gras if you decide to drop by!
#REVIEW#Best restaurant in NYC hands down without a doubt. Superior top tier white table cloth service with consistently amazing dishes - the best food I've ever eaten in my life. The best part is it's open til 4 am. What's a better way to soak up a nights worth of drinking than trout almandine? Quintessential New York, can not stress enough how one of a kind this place is. Truly an amazing dining experience down to every detail, without being a pretentious. Fried chicken is a great go to but I personally think their fish is the way to go. I believe the fish selection changes seasonally but last time I was there I got the sweet and sour catfish. Again best meal I've ever had. Who would've thought great catfish in NYC?!  Also must try the vegetable tempura. It's great after a night out, the tempura to vegetable ratio is absolutely perfect. And it's not even a little bit greasy. Can not say enough good things about this place.
#REVIEW#I've always enjoyed my experiences at Blue Ribbons and this did not disappoint. The service was excellent and the food was good.Got the shrimp cocktail, the steak tartare, the pierogies, the duck and the bass. Intimate ambiance
#REVIEW#Even as a relic of its former greatness this spot still shits on your favorite place's favorite place. I was recently privileged to walk in here on a long late night layover from JFK, and the prototypical PRO NY service was on full display as was the phenomenal late night high taste high class menu. Recent years have found Michellin guide type places catching on to upmarket fried chicken but BR is still outstanding. The salt and pepper prawns are excellent as are the oysters. It had been 10 years since my last visit and I can't wait to return. Good god thank you Brb, please materialize in LA
#REVIEW#Popped in here for my birthday and did not regret! The Duck Breast is phenomenal and shrimp cocktail is very fresh. The Steak was ok but the portion was large. Wait staff were incredibly kind and timely. Would highly recommend.
#REVIEW#Intimate, friendly and good food. Loved the Fried Chicken. Enjoyed the ambience and music. Worth a return.
