#NAME#Burger & Lobster
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/burger-and-lobster-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,burgers,newamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Wow! Whoa! Yassss son! This place was PHENOMENAL. Seriously. The wait staff, the atmosphere and the food! Ah maze balls. On yelp they suggest a reservation but didn't have any for hours so we chanced it and went by. We were seated immediately on a Saturday around 530pm. There were plenty of tables available. The wait staff was very attentive. Ordered vodka sodas which I think were made with some kind of vanilla mixer. They were delicious. My son got a plain burger. Sesame seed bun and Medium well burger with regular fries which he loves and said tasted like McDonald's fries(they were MUCH better). Daughter got a burger with fries and ate the entire thing Husband got the beast burger which he devoured I got the lobster roll with truffle fries which everyone kept eating bc they were better than theirs and they "didn't know it was an option".  The lobster roll is served with a lemon butter sauce which just made the roll melt in your mouth. Seriously, best lobster roll I have ever eaten. Best burger, best truffle fries, best vodka soda. This will be a regular stop when visiting NYC. Check for 4 meals, 4 drinks, 2 non alcoholic drinks for the kids, 1 calamari appetizer... $170....$225 after tip. Worth. Every. Penny.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner after a show after seeing the rave reviews. The restaurant is huge and has a chain (chili's, Gordon Bierce) vibe - bright lighting, half empty, boring music playing in the background. Definitely an older and touristy crowd. Ordered the combo for one and a glass of Tempranillo. Lobster was fine. Burger was super over cooked and bland. Fries were good. Salad was just plain lettuce. Service was good but overall really not into the vibe and the food was just OK. Maybe better for lunch/brunch? Wouldn't recommend for dinner!
#REVIEW#Unique concept and worth a visit! I visited Burger & Lobster for Friday night dinner with some friends. I've never heard anything about the restaurant prior, so I walked in blindly with no expectations. Burger & Lobster is very easy to access from Union Square.  The decor of the restaurant is very nice and actually fits everything I would think of for a true, seafood restaurant. Ample seating, tiled floors, and dim lighting. In addition, some fish tanks close to the entrance with live lobsters inside and some cool tips. Upon arriving, there was a short line but I was able to immediately sit with my party who was already there.The menu is synonymous to the restaurants name, it contains Lobster and burgers, with just taste of other shellfish (e.g. crab, crawfish, oysters). Personally the only shellfish I consume is shrimp. Lobster and the like are completely off my list. Pricing is reasonable. I ordered the 'Original Burger' - standard beef burger featuring bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and a special sauce on a toasted bun. The meal came with a side salad and truffle fries - good value. The burger was pretty good. Seasoned well and cooked to my liking. The truffle fries were OK, I've had better. These just tasted very oily, but when combined with the truffle mayo, it wasn't too bad. My friends had a few lobster dishes and they enjoyed it, especially the lobster mac and cheese. I did not have any drinks but my friends did and said they were delicious. Service was good. The server was kind but he took a while to check on us, forgot some items a few times, then took awhile to bring the check. Not horrible, but  Otherwise, it was a good experience. There is a lower level with seating which has an even more sophisticated vibe. I must also mention, the bathroom was immaculate! I don't think i've ever been to a place where the bathroom was brightly lit and as clean as this place, kudos to them for that. Overall, I'd definitely return. Its a great place for an after work dinner or first date. Love it!
#REVIEW#Delicious. Mouthwatering. Tasty. Delectable. Pick something along these lines and you have accurately described this restaurant. I've been here twice, and I haven't been disappointed either time.You can have your choice of burgers, lobster, or a combo with both (which I got both times). Well worth it. The lobster is delicious either grilled or steamed. The burgers are pretty big and juicy. The thing that makes the meal is the butter they give you for your lobster. Food 5/5, and their drinks are great too! Definitely a place to check out if you're in the area and if you're a lover of burgers, or lobster.
#REVIEW#This is a chain from London - Mayfair. It has a small menu with high quality at a reasonable price. The restaurant is trendy and spacious and staffs r amazing! In NYC prime location a burger with fries for $21 and combo with lobster for $35 is reasonable considering place/location. But being an UK based restaurant they should consider to add fish & chips in menu :)If u r in flatiron district u should visit.
#REVIEW#Had a nice lunch here yesterday. Was torn between burger or lobster, so had both!  For $35 you get a one pounder (instead of 1.25) and a 6oz burger (instead of 10). Steamed lobster was succulent, I didn't need the lemon butter, regular butter would have been better I think. Burger was medium rare, the bun was too big. Was on a time crunch of ~50 minutes and they just barely got me out in time.
#REVIEW#I was really excited to come here, but my expectations were not quite met. Maybe I had too high of expectations though. It was a very delicious meal and we got so much food! But it's not the "best burger and lobster ever" that I've heard about. We came around 3 PM and this place was almost completely empty, so that's a good time if you're avoiding crowds. We got the Combo for 1, with a classic burger and a 1 lb. grilled lobster. I do have to give this place props though because a burger and lobster is a fantastic combo that I didn't think of. The burger was decent and tasty, but far from the best I've ever had. I prefer Shake Shack over this burger, as Shake Shack is a lot juicier and tastier. On the other hand, the grilled lobster was fantastic. It had great flavor and was very meaty. I love cracking it open and getting the claw meat. We also got the Original Lobster Roll and it was awesome! I want another one. It is very different from a classic lobster roll, and I liked that they had their own take on it. This is served in brioche bread and it was very light on the amount of mayo. They also use Japanese mayo, which is creamy and a bit lighter tasting. This was tasty to the last bite, even though I felt the bread ratio was a little too much. I absolutely loved the flavor of this. We also got a drink, The Madison Park Punch, which was very good but not strong at all. I thought $14 was a pretty hefty price for it considering that. I probably wouldn't recommend getting a drink from here. Service was alright. Our server wasn't that friendly. But I dropped a knife, and another staff member rushed right over to give me another one right away. That was very nice of them and efficient. Both entrees came with fries and a side salad. The fries reminded me of McDonald's fries but they were good. The side salad was very light and refreshing. Overall, good food and a solid meal, but nothing to go extremely out of your way for. I would say give this place a try at least once though because it is a great combo. And this definitely satisfied my craving for lobster. Only thing is, keep in mind burger and lobster combined are super messy to eat. So probably not a great first date option. Also if you have long hair, it's probably best to tie it back since it does get messy.
#REVIEW#One of my favorite place to go when I'm in NYC. The price is decent and the service have been great everytime that I've been there. I always prefer the old school butter for my lobster dipping sauce. I tried to be adventurous the first time I was there but i didn't like the creamy sauce that I choose. It was a grilled lobster so keeping it simple and ordering the butter sauce was the best way to go.The price here is fairly decent as well. Not what I would have expected from dining in NYC. You can get a lobster and a burger with fries for around 30 dollars. The wait staff on my few experience there have always been positive.
#REVIEW#Ehhhhhh? I get the comfort and basic appeal of this place, but food/flavors/pricing wise, I don't recommend. Waitstaff are super friendly but they have a well rehearsed spiel that sounds almost robotic and a little scaryCombo for 1 ($35): comes with burger and a 1lb lobster (grilled or steamed) with fries and saladBurger: mine was under-cooked to the point of Gordon Ramsay saying THAT IS RAW but I took it home since I couldn't finish my meal anyway. Burger was off the charts juicy though. Even when I reheated it in the microwave at home, it was still so DAMN juicy. Lobster: what was meant to be the highlight of my meal was only so-so. I got the steamed version while bf got the grilled version. Advice: don't get the grilled lobster, unless you're looking for an extremely plain meal, or you like picking off too-grilled marks on your lobster. Absolutely no flavoring on that pound of lobster as well. Steamed lobster, on the other hand, was juicier and moist, and it was good, but it was, essentially just steamed. Nothing else. No flavor, no garnishes, nadaaaaa.
#REVIEW#I love it when the hubby makes spontaneous dinner plans! We came here to feast!I got the Original: Chilled lobster with Japanese mayo & lemon with chives. Comes with a side of fries and salad. Loved every single bite of it! It was the perfect portion for me and left me wanting more but not stuffed.Hubby got the combo for 1 that which comes with a 6 oz beef patty burger & a whole 1 lb lobster (steamed) with fries & salad. Talk about a dope feast for one! Everything tasted amazing! The burger was on point since the meat is from pat lafriedas (they are the best). The lobster was so juicy, tender & mouthgasmic when dunked in the puddle of flavored butter. The presentation of all the food was amazing.The service was great and the ambiance was chill. Def worth checking out!
#REVIEW#Okay so I'm visiting NYC (don't worry I've been here before and I'm not naive) for work, and this place was around the corner. I needed to grab a quick lunch with a friend before a meeting, and I let the waitress know I was in a time crunch.She was super accommodating, and even got my order down to a tee. I'm trying to eat better so I got a combo burger with two salads (they only have salad or fries, no other subs) and lettuce as the bun, no cheese (IKR I'm the worst!!). They literally chopped a whole head of iceberg lettuce and put my burger and lobster inside. Unfortunately, my medium rare burger was extra raw inside (mushy and very red), and I had to ask for a new one. I love my steak bloody, but I don't love raw ground beef.I let the waitress know and they brought me out an entire new entree (expedited, because she somehow remembered I was in a time crunch!!!), which was really nice of them--I was just expecting a new patty. Hands down would recommend this place. I didn't get the perfect experience, but the way it was remedied couldn't have been better. The service is solid, and the food is delicious!
#REVIEW#As shellfish/crustacean lovers, we are always on the look-out for new seafood restaurants in the city. Burger & Lobster has been on our radar for about a year now and we finally made it to dinner at the Flatiron location last night. The restaurant is massive and most certainly as tacky as you'd expect it to be. It felt like dining at The Cheesecake Factory, with lobster bibs of course.No complaints about the service, but the food was just okay especially for its steep prices, which I've noticed have gone up after reading through some older reviews. The BF & his mother started with the calamari, which they said was just fine. Looked really oily to me. For entrees, I had the 'Original' lobster (1.5 pounds of steamed lobster), the BF had the Combo for 1 (1 pound of steamed lobster and a burger), and his mother had the B&L (2 pound steamed lobster). We all enjoyed the lobsters (big claws are the best), but the fries could have been better. The BF was also not a big fan of the burger.I won't be coming back, but for those of you reading this, I wouldn't order anything else besides the lobster since you can find much better rolls and burgers elsewhere.
#REVIEW#For a place called burger & lobster, my expectations were definitely higher for the burgers than what we received. We made a reservation ahead of time and were immediately seated. The menu is literally only burgers and lobster so don't expect anything else (aka don't come with a picky eater). We started off with the east coast oysters which were good and the moved onto the lobster bites, which were essentially spring rolls (pretty forgettable). For entrees I split the Fiesta (seasonal) burger and the Original lobster roll. The lobster roll had pretty good lobster meat and a brioche bun, accompanied by a side salad and fries. The burger was supposed to be medium but came out more on the well done side. Overall the food was decent but nothing to go out of your way for.
#REVIEW#***Lobster review, Great service, Large seating area***This review is only for the lobster roll and it was very delicious and filling. They definitely don't skimp on the lobster meat. I would recommend it and I would definitely come back to have the roll again!
#REVIEW#Burger and Lobster is not a bad restaurant but it's definitely just average. I was a little amped to eat there and when I arrived what I expected was not. Very friendly open atmosphere with an extremely diverse staff, I was just expecting something different (maybe more brunchy in its feel and less burger jointish). First I want to say that the signature drinks are pre made, which is weird since there's a full bar but when they are out of one of the signatures they are out. We started with the lobster bisque and the lobster bites and I wasn't a fan of either. The bisque reminded me of a butternut squash soup and the bites have a very eggy texture and taste. We also had the lobster roll with truffle fries and the burger and both were good; however, if you like you're burgers medium well order them well if you don't want it undercooked. I wouldn't say not go to the establishment but it's not on the top of my list of places to revisit P.SGreat servers
#REVIEW#$30 for a whole 1.5 lb lobster dinner with fries and a salad in NYC is a steal. Overall, it was a nice evening out. However, it's not something I'd hurry to do again unless I was just really craving lobster.  Get the lobster grilled because it has a deep smokey aroma and flavor. However, my lobster tail was over cooked and tough, although the flavor was excellent. The garlic butter is delicious, but it's hard to mess that up. The fries came out hot, but they were akin to McDonald's fries. The salad was simple, but good quality lettuce and nicely dressed. My husband enjoyed his bourbon berry cocktail, but I found it too sweet for my taste. The meal satisfied my lobster craving. Had the fries been fresh cut and the lobster not been overcooked, this would have been a stellar meal. Service was on point. The hostess was very friendly, and we were seated on time. The space is very large and open. They really need to clean the bathrooms though. They were a bit of a disaster. The place wasn't very crowded, so I'm not sure what they were so messy.
#REVIEW#I went here and had a burger and lobster combo. Both the burger and lobster are pretty good, as expected from a place called Burger & Lobster. There was a butter to dip the lobster and things to top the burger as well. It was pretty crowded and I would definitely recommend making a reservation here even though it is a large restaurant. Very easy to get to from public transportation and I would definitely want to come back here again and try something else in the future as it was a good experience the first time I went.
#REVIEW#Third time is the charm. We've had reservations twice at their original location in London but had to cancel both times due to some last-minute plan changes.  We ended up at their NYC location the third time. YAY!So what do you order at Burger and Lobster?Duh!Burger and lobster! What else?I know there are foodies who love their lobster rolls, but for the first time there, we had to go with the whole lobster.There have a one-person burger and lobster combo which was too small for sharing but could be too much food for one person, especially if you have a light appetite. So we ordered the original size 1  1/2 pound whole lobster and the full size 10-ounce mushroom burger. If you ask, they will pre-cut both dishes in half in the kitchen for you to share (please see pictures).You have the option to have the lobster boiled or grilled. We ordered it grilled and the lobster came with such a rich and sweet aroma that it filled the air with yumminess.  Although the meat was a bit dry (versus steamed), I like the texture of the meat better this way, as well as the fragrance from the grill. It came with a lemon garlic butter sauce that was a perfect companion for the dish.The mushroom burger was amazing - it was topped with a whole slice of Portobello mushroom the size of the beef patty! The mushroom tasted like it had been marinated in wine, and that added an extra dimension to the complexity of the burger. The beef was top-notch quality, flavorful and not greasy. A tasty aioli sauce and pieces of crispy bacon added the finishing touches to make this a delightful and memorable burger.Service was excellent - friendly but professional, prompt but not rushed.  Overall, it was a wonderful dining experience and I will be back whenever I'm in NYC or London. For sure!Tip: A weekend evening reservation is close to impossible to get at the Times Square location. I'm so glad I found this Flatiron location which was less hectic, and felt more like a neighborhood gem rather than a tourist attraction.
#REVIEW#My Mum and I came to Burger & Lobster before catching a broadway show this winter. The staff were very friendly and welcoming, and they didn't fuss when we asked to share the special. We split the lobster, and the burger, and it was the perfect amount of food for us - and cooked completely perfectly! The lobster was delicious, and the burger was scrumptious, and the high ceilings and twinkly light lobster cages were fun.The whole place evokes a sense of summer, even in the dead of winter. Reminds me of eating lobster, fish, and burgers outside while on the Cape.
#REVIEW#The burger was delicious. The lobster was ok.. I'm not sure if it was steamed. We got our food super fast in under 10 mins but it wasn't steaming or hot .. it was room temperature. I was convinced someone left and they just gave us their dish.
