#NAME#Joe's Pizza
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/joes-pizza-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#I have no idea how I've never written a review for Joe's! This place is my go-to slice spot. I take all out of towners to Joe's. It's also BF's absolute favorite pizzeria in NYC. Every time he's in town, we HAVE to got to Joe's. No way around it! I'm pretty sure Joe's is where all the food tours take tourists to get a real NYC slice. And that's exactly what you'll get here at Joe's - an authentic NYC slice of paper thin crust and tangy sauce. Buy a slice, fold it in half, and eat that baby standing up. Pro tip: cash only and standing room only
#REVIEW#I came here because everything blog, every recommendation that I read about NYC told me to come here if I wanted to try the best original NYC pizza . Ok, they do have really good pizza, but the thing is that in NYC you can't go wrong with pizza, anyway I'm not saying that this is one more pizza place from the big amount of pizza places in NYC, Nooo!! This one is especial! Is little, but they are fast, they have a lot of people no matter what time you come (it's NYC after all!!, the city never sleeps!) but they have everything set to have you food warm and delicious in just 3-4 min wait (if it's crowded).For a pizza lover, which I am, the taste is amazing, the sauce is so natural you can actually taste the fresh tomato, cheese pizza is delicious and my favorite  but pepperoni  mamma Mia! I loved it too totally recommended!
#REVIEW#So close to being perfect, but there are just a few areas Joe's falls short. The crust is slightly crispy for my liking and now quite chewy enough- although if you love crispy that would be perfect. The toppings are all great though, I loved the spinach and the pepperoni. The biggest turnoff was the fact that the pizza was 4 dollars a slice which is kind of ridiculous.  It was super packed when I went to visit- we had to stand in a corner, but I guess it doesn't take long to eat.
#REVIEW#Joe will steal your girl, serving up those hot slices of the best pizza in NYC, yeah it's that good.  The lines move fast as the pizza flies out the oven. When ordering just get what ever is fresh out the oven and you won't be disappointed. You may have heard of Joe's from Spyderman or other features in media. This is one of those rare occasions where it is much better than the hype! The pepperoni pizza was my favorite, but the best part to me is the tomato sauce. It just tases simply like fresh, sweet tomatoes. There are shakers with garlic powder, parmesan, red pepper, add a little of each to personal taste.This location seems to make better pizza than the others.  You may even see Joe at the counter.  Cash only so bring those pizza dollars.
#REVIEW#My first slice of New York pizza  was at Joe's. Ordered a slice of pepperoni from here and wow I was amazed at how the dough and cheese tasted. It was something I have to say I have never had before. I fell in love instantly can understand why they have so many people eating here. It's a convenient and easy process to get a slice of pizza. Just come up to the counter and order what slice you want. After I literally was walking and eating the slice of pizza. There isn't a large seating area and pretty much it's standing. But if you want I'd suggest just walking and eating. It seems more nostalgic to me. Be a New Yorker haha when in NYC. I love the thinness of the pizza and if you are super hungry I'd suggest getting more than a slice because you will be craving this all day and night!
#REVIEW#I heard a lot about the place. How original and great it was. Well, it was. And it was packed on a Sunday afternoon with a line out the door. Was able to grab a seat inside and ordered some slices and a Sicilian slice. The sauce was good. And the crust perfect. Really liked it fresh out of the oven.The reason I pulled back a star was the service - or lack of it. I know this is a pizza place so dont expect much. OK. However, two service people came in for some slices and water. They were in their Navy Whites because of Fleet Week. They wanted to order but were turned away by the cashier because this is a strictly cash only place. As they were leaving we all starred. I immediately stopped them and handed them the cash and said they needed to get a slice. They deserved it as they are in service to the US. They did order their slices and water and we started talking. Really, Joe's Pizza could not afford to give two slices to people in the Navy. An entire pie doesnt cost them $4 to make, so to give away two slices wont kill you.
#REVIEW#Joe's pizza is iconic and by no means needs a review by me but since I took a picture of the slice I figured I could give them there rightfully deserved 5 star review. Line can be long but moves quick. Can order by the slice or by the pie. The pizza speaks for itself and a must try if ever in the village. Small park across the street makes for a nice place to eat your slice.
#REVIEW#College clubs ruined most cheap pizza for me. I got so tired of it. I rarely eat pizza and when I do, it has to be interesting or meaty. There's just something about a slice of Joe's cheese pizza that's exceptional to my personal rule. I will envy this pizza culture - fast, cheap, tasty, and by the slice, from my home in Chicago.
#REVIEW#Before going to NYC, I did a lot of reading and research to determine where we wanted to go for pizza, I narrowed it down to two places: Joe's and Prince St. Both fantastic choices for very different reasons.We came here for dinner on Monday and stopped back by again on Wednesday for a mid-afternoon snack. We ordered one pepperoni slice the second visit, but stuck to plain slices otherwise and really, this is what you're here for. Topped with a bit of parm, oregano, and red pepper, this was the slice I'd been hoping for all these years I thought about eating NY pizza. Crispy crispy thin crust giant slice heaven.The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I do suspect I could have slices like this other places and, honestly, since we left, I am not really dreaming about it like I am some of the other foods we ate. Still totally solid, though, and worth a visit if only because it's an NYC institution.
#REVIEW#Great recommendation from our Uber driver.  Long line but it moved fast.  The pepperoni slice was delicious- great seasoning and tasty cheese.  Crust was cooked perfectly- crispy and chewy.  Large portions and one slice is more than enough but it was so good I had a second one.Few tables to stand and eat but it was a warm night so we sat out and did some people watching.  Great food and place.
#REVIEW#Great pizza for a fast eat, but not good enough for gourmet level pizza.Being from LA and as a pizza lover, I have always craved about trying Joe's pizza at its original establishment on the 7th Carmine St. Especially having heard many times that Joe's pizza in NY is much better than the one in LA.Finally, I got the chance to try Joe's pizza while I was in town. Unfortunately, I was rather a bit disappointed. For a fast eat, this pizza is great, but if you were compare with fine level gourmet pizza places such as Tony's Pizza Napoletana in San Francisco, or Lucali/Juliana in Brooklyn, Joe's pizza is certainly not at that level.
#REVIEW#That is some tasty pizza!  I can not believe I have not reviewed this iconic place since I have been here quite a few times. Be it Carmine or 14 street, same taste same crispy thin crust consistently!
#REVIEW#Everyone raves about New York Pizza and Joes is oftentimes brought up when they talk about this pizza and while the pizza was good I didn't think it was that amazing.The pizza had a unique chewier texture that I did enjoy quite a bit and the tomato sauce was a bit plainer than I am used to in pizza, but with some crushed peppers, oregano and cheese the pizza came out just fine.That being said, it's not that much more special or unique than the pizza I normally would have in California or elsewhere. I'm not sure why this place is so much more of a standout than the other $1 pizzas in the area.
#REVIEW#Decided to go pizza hopping today, our second stop is Joe's pizza. There's so many locations now and it's my second time at the original location. We got a slice of pepperoni and mozzarella cheese, I think their quality has gone down since my last time there. It was oily and soggy, felt a bit of disgusting after eating it. It's overrated in my opinion. There's really nothing special there
#REVIEW#Slightly disappointed, not sure what the fuss is about. The pizza is good but not the best I have ever eaten.
#REVIEW#Really big slices. Long line so you know it's good! Literally when I went there was a line out the door. Apparently they were in the movie Spider-Man which is pretty cool. I liked the pizza it was NY style, thin crust and not oily like most pizza I've tried. The place was very crowded so we had to take it to go but luckily there were little tables on the street outside. I recommend this place if your in the Times Square area!
#REVIEW#What is there to say about Joes that everyone hasn't already said? It's easily the best slice of NY-style pizza you can get in Manhattan. Don't try to eat it later, this slice was destined to be consumed moments after it's pulled out of the oven. Cheese, tomato-y goodness, this is a critical stop in any visit to Manhattan.
#REVIEW#When we were planning our trip to New York, I was looking through so many articles that talked about the hot food spots to check out. On almost every single article I found, Joe's Pizza was on the list! My girlfriend and I are huge foodies so we knew we had to come here. When we arrived, the staff were super friendly and answered our questions. Something to keep in mind here is that the pizza slices are HUGE. We ordered 1 slice to share and that was enough for both of us. But if you have an appetite, definitely just get a whole slice for yourself. The pizza was super tasty and definitely worth the price. Great flavor and a great deal. Would definitely recommend checking this place out.
#REVIEW#Upon arriving at Joe's pizza, it was still early in the day and so I did not have to wait for this slice I heard so much about. My mistake was the fact that I did arrive so early for my options were limited. I was only able to choose between cheese & pepp and so I grabbed a slice of each. Had I shown some patience in my life, perhaps I would of had some sicilian action going on too with some more topping choices but in this PIZZA GAME, we live and we learn but I digress. I hit the cheese first and instantaneously I was taken to a place where PIZZA IS DONE THE RIGHT WAY BABY!! The sauce was made with love and I am not speaking of that industrial canned love, I am talking about the type of love where seasonings that come from an old family tradition were used and whipped up in the back, so you can taste an experience people. The mozz had a decent appeal to it and the pull was on time, so I knew that I was directed to try some pizza from an establishment that is MEANT to speak with PRIDE when they talk about their pie. Let us not stop with the cheese here for I also had the pepperoni slice and the crispiness of the crust held strong. This was not a thick crust flooded with some raggedy yeast and losing its bite along the way but a thin layer of crispy goodness that held up in the quiet storm of what the sauce and cheese added to the bite and I had pepperoni for days on that large $3.00 slice. Pepperoni that wasn't too spicy but maintained a salty flare that only added a hint of flavor bursts to GREATNESS! I left Joe's Pizza a HAPPY MAN and I will definitely return!
#REVIEW#YUMMM. So simple yet so good. This place is always packed with tourists and drunks. The line I would say goes relatively quick as long as they have a supply of pizzas which could sell out. Not sell out for the whole day but just means they need to make more pizzas so could require a little bit of wait time. So worth it once you get it. I got the pepperoni. The crust is sturdy, the pepperoni oily and delicious, cheese is plentiful. The perfect NY slice. No credit cards!
