#NAME#Basso56
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/basso56-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I am glad I chose Basso56 for a very special birthday occasion. As I have moved to NYC recently, I was looking for a good Italian restaurant and I was very pleased.Made reservations in advance and was seated immediately. It is a pretty small space, but enough so no one is spilling over into your seat.To start, we ordered the special appetizer Burrata cheese wrapped in prosciutto. OH MY GOD. I do not think I can do it justice in text, but here goes. The Burrata was a melt in your mouth cheese while I believe they had used the oils from the cooked prosciutto to warm the cheese making it a wonderfully savory treat.For mains, we ordered the lobster crepes and Orecchiette. Both were amazing, lobster crepes came in a delectable sauce and the orecchiette came with garlicky sauce and sweet sausage.Love love love this place, and I look forward to another excuse to dine here.
#REVIEW#The food is delicious and the staff is extremely attentive, kind, and wonderful! I never had to ask for anything; they always noticed when my water glass needed refilling. I love eating here! The ambiance is very enjoyable! It's not too dark in the restaurant. I love being able to see my food that I'm enjoying.I ordered the gnocchi and it was amazing. The portions are very large! Even the side dishes were really large! The zucchini was out of this world. They cooked it to perfection!Everyone else at the table thoroughly enjoyed their meals too - shrimp, salads, pasta, and veggies. I have dined in Italy, and eating at Basso 56 truly transported me back there.
#REVIEW#Amazing meal here! Went for a business lunch, and it was a delightful meal. It looks quite small when you pass by on the street, but it's surprisingly large on the inside. Server was very attentive throughout the meal, and even came over in the beginning to adjust our table because one side was a little shaky. We all started off with cocktails - I got the aperol spritz which was good and 2 colleagues had a mango cocktail they really seemed to enjoy. The restaurant has a prixe fix menu for $25 which includes an app, entree, dessert, and a beverage (coffee/tea/soda). They have some great items under the price fix so we all opted for that. I got the goat cheese croquette salad over eggplant purée for the app, which was my absolute favorite. It was really good and I highly recommend it. For my entree I got the fettuccine with mushrooms and spinach. It was tossed in oil with garlic, salt, and pepper and I was able to get fresh Parmesan cheese grated on top. YUM. My only complaint was that it had an overwhelming amount of mushrooms, so I just picked a lot out. Other than that, it was very tasty. I also tried a little of the gnocchi alla sorrentina that my coworker shared, and that was also tasty. Both really good options for vegetarians (although I still slightly preferred the fettuccine). The dessert was a slice of chocolate cake, which was very nicely presented. I can't quite figure out how to describe the taste but it was sweet, dense, and a bit dry. I paired the cake with a cappuccino so it was easier to eat, but I didn't like the cake; I probably would opt for gelato next time (they give 3 scoops of different flavors: choco/vanilla/hazelnut)Overall a great Italian restaurant in midtown and I would go back!
#REVIEW#Came here after a night at the theater. We didn't have a reservation and did end up waiting quite some time on a Sunday night so i would definitely recommend making one beforehand. The restaurant is very interesting - it's below street level and has a minimal number of tables/decorations/etc but the food was very good. We ordered the pear and goat cheese salad, burrata with prosciutto special, and the fried calamari to start. The salad was very light and fresh and the goat cheese was especially creamy and delicious. The burrata was amazing and the prosciutto also tasted fresh. The greens on the plate didn't seem to fit and would have probably been best left off. The fried calamari was what you'd expect - right amount of crisp and it came in a sauce as opposed to on the side. On to the main course. I ended up going with the seafood risotto and I was not disappointed. The risotto was just the right texture and the sauce was very well seasoned. It was a very large portion so i did end up sharing with whoever had room. I was able to try the lobster crepe, which was very fresh and rich, along with the chicken Parm. That was pretty standard but good nonetheless. Somehow we had room for dessert and went with the cheesecake and the apple tart. The cheesecake was okay but the tart was definitely the star of the show. It was still warm and very moist on the inside. Definitely worth getting!
#REVIEW#One of my managers suggested Basso 56 because it had really great reviews and it was like a 5 mins walk from our office. We were seated right away towards the back of the restaurant in a circle leather cushioned booth. Oooo the Prix Fixe Lunch menu was pretty affordable and everyone ordered their Two Course Meal $18.95. There was absolutely no cell service. Our server was definitely a ditz because two of my colleagues ordered regular Coke and one got a diet Coke then another ordered coffee. She brings over four glasses and lied about confirming with us that it was two of each. Where's the coffee!?!Appetizer: Calamari Marinati Alla Griglia - omg this was superbly delicious and so flavorful Entree:Tagliata Di Manzo Alla Griglia (medium well) - I was getting a burnt taste after every bite The food runner came out with a pasta dish when my colleague ordered a Chicken Caesar salad then we were missing just one dish and it was nothing special that it took so long to come out of the kitchen No desserts because we were stuffed. I would take your money and go somewhere better because the service was way too slow with one server and one food runner. Come on all the tables were pretty much occupied during this busy lunch hour.
#REVIEW#Great Italian meal in the city. Small intimate location. Be sure to make a reservation or call ahead. The servings were just the right size and the dessert was excellent.
#REVIEW#Went on my lunch break and it was super good. A little pricey, but you're paying for quality and taste. I was craving Italian food and Basso56 did not disappoint. My only complaint is that somehow while the portions were huge, I still managed to be hungry later.
#REVIEW#We came here after a Sunday matinee, based on the rave reviews. We were early for our reservation, but were seated right away. The servers were very attentive, and friendly. Bread was delivered fairly quickly, and the olive oil was very good. We started with the Rughetta e Pere Al Caprino, which we split. The kitchen actually split it for he before it was delivered, which was incredibly helpful. The salad was delicious. Both of us ordered the lobster crepes (Fagottino Alla Poppa Di Aragosta).  The crepes were thicker than traditional crepes, but good. The sauce was delicious. The lobster was ok. There was not as much lobster as I expected (based on the reviews). The lobster also was not extremely fresh- it had the taste of lobster that had been cooked/shucked a day or so prior.  Regardless, I would still recommend!
#REVIEW#The food is so amazing here to service the ambience and the quality is five-star. When I come back to New York City I'm coming here again and thank you Alex for the wonderful appetizer she gave us
#REVIEW#The dinner here was what I was looking for. The house salad, although quite large, was a great starter. I didn't love the fettuccini with mushrooms and spinach but I was looking for a lighter option so I went with it. I could imagine how amazing their heavier meals like chicken parm are. I will be back to try it out. The service was very quick.
#REVIEW#This is our second time and it did not disappointed. We came in 2013 and it was just as good and the specials were delicious. I got a half Bolognese and half ravioli special (spinach cheese with sage butter sauce) and my husband got the seafood risotto special. All delicious and we caped it off with a tasty orange creme brûlée.
#REVIEW#This restaurant is delicious. Authentic tasting Italian and sauce. I had the rigatoni with beef bolognese and it was fantastic. Great flavor. My sister had the papardelle with wild boar ragu and it was equally delicious. A variety of complimentary olives are served with your bread, which was a nice touch. My only minor complaint was that the bussers and servers were overly eager to snatch our plates away, before we had to time to 'fare la scarpetta', the Italian tradition of soaking up the remaining bit of sauce off one's plate with a piece of bread. All said and done, I would definitely come here again.
#REVIEW#Perfect evening with wonderful service and fantastic food!! Our first visit and we were very impressed. Authentic Italian dinner. Enjoy!!
#REVIEW#Discovered this just now in New York on business..............wanted Italian and definitely got it!From the staff in the beginning to the amazing food, really a home made sauce and fabulous olives, bread and Tiramisu.I am a chef and love every level of food as long as it's well prepared, fresh and good ambience to enjoy.Really a gem when I am back I will revisit.
#REVIEW#I found this place on here on Yelp. It was two blocks away from the hotel I was staying at for a work trip. My colleague and I wanted to grab some amazing dinner and we were starving. Why not Italian? I was able to make a reservation on Open Table. When we got there we were warmly greeted and they told us our table wouldn't be ready for 10 minutes but that we could take a seat at the bar. We happily obliged. 10 minutes later we were escorted over to our table. The seating is close just like most New York City restaurants, but it made the atmosphere even more charming. We were greeted by our server who was adorable! She helped us choose our options. We decided to split a salad and each get a pasta dish. I got the fusilli pasta because that is a staple for me. We were in and out in a little over an hour and enjoyed a lovely meal and cocktails. We also took our pasta to-go because it was a pretty large portion. The prices are a little higher, because it is a fancy place and it is New York. The environment is warm and cozy and everybody there is so kind. I definitely cannot wait to go back
#REVIEW#long story short: RECOMMENDED!Long story:My boyfriend and I met up with a friend of ours who lives in New York here. We came here for dinner on a Saturday night with a reservation. Our experience was great. Our server was friendly as well as very helpful with describing items on the menu. When her shift ended she introduced us to our new server which was very courteous of her.What we ordered:APPETIZER Calamari Alla Griglia- Marinated grilled fresh calamari over roasted eggplant puree and baby arugula saladENTREFettuccine Con Funghi, Piselli e Panna- Homemade fettuccine with mixed mushrooms and green peas in a light cream sauceGnocchi Di Bietole Alla Crema Di Tartufo Nero- Homemade red beets gnocchi with black truffle creamy sauce and julienne of spinachTagliolini Con Vongole, Carciofi e Zafferano- Homemade spaghetti with manila clams and sauteed artichokes in a garlic and olive oil sauce and a touch of saffron DESSERT- Tirami Su- Glass of Port wine- Terrina di Mele: Baked homemade warm apple terrine served with a scoop of gelatoWe took a taste of each other's dishes and WOW everything was amazing especially the flavour of the Gnocchi Di Bietole etc. the flavour was so powerful that going back to my dish, which was the Tagliolini, made it seem boring but I enjoyed my dish non-the-less.
#REVIEW#Been here twice for a working lunch. Good food and great wait staff. The desserts leave something to be desired. Get the mussels.
#REVIEW#It usually takes a lot for me to write a review. Pretty good or pretty awful. This, unfortunately was some of the worst Italian food I have ever had in my life. It was cold and essentially tasteless. The sausage I got with my orecchiette was in various lumps, parts cooked and parts raw. My daughter got the rigatoni with ragu, which was also cold and tasteless. It was so disappointing. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the staff was actually amazing and attentive.
#REVIEW#Creative, fresh approach to classic Italian fare with a bevy of homemade pastas, delicious seafood options and attention to all the details that can make a difference between eating and dining. Staff and service was excellent. Vegan friendly.
#REVIEW#I'm surprised by the really great reviews here. They had me excited, especially since I love homemade pasta, but I was truly disappointed. Best part of the meal was either the grilled calamari appetizer or the Pinot Grigio, though neither was astounding.The fettuccine with mushroom and peas was recommended by the waitress, but it was so lacking in flavor that I didn't even finish it. The boyfriend enjoyed the lamb, but otherwise wasn't super impressed with the side of pappardelle he got with it. We both left pretty unimpressed, which is a bummer BC we had such high expectations.
