#NAME#Cuba Restaurant and Rum Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cuba-restaurant-and-rum-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came here with a few friends and split a bunch of appetizers. The ambience of this restaurant is amazing- reminded me of my time in Cuba! FOODSpinach & Cheese Empanadas - unbelievable. Tasted so good I could've ate atleast 10 of them. The sauce they also come with is sooo yummy.  They come 2 per order, regretted not ordering more! Croquettes De Jamon - didn't personally try, but my friend loved them! Tostones- they were very good, but I've had better. Suggest skipping and saving yourself some calories. Ceviche, quinoa, and yuca (not pictured) - ceviche and quinoa were amazing! The yuca was a bit dry and will definitely not order in the future. Flan - delicious, but very heavy. 5 of us split the tiny little piece! SERVICE The service really made me feel like I was in Cuba as it was so incredibly slow. However, the waiters were very friendly and the food was amazing, which made up for the slow service. Highly recommend checking this place out and experiencing the Havana vibes yourself!
#REVIEW#I have been here before and the food was amazing, but my visit yesterday was a disappointment.Recommended it to my girlfriend and we got a seat quickly. We ordered chicken empanadas to share. I got the vaca frita and she did an avocado wrap.Empanada - good in flavor but the dough was stale on the outside and raw on the inside. You could tell it was not fried long enough. ($10 for 2)Vaca frita -  shredded steak and rice with black beans. The steak was dry, chew, and overly salted. It was pretty gross. The only thing I enjoyed was the beans. They were beautifully seasoned. ($24 - way overpriced)Avocado Wrap - basic veggie wrap. This is hard to mess up but fresh plantain chips on the side would be better than the stale, store bought stuff it came with. ($13 - very high for veggies wrapped in a tortilla)Overall: Overpriced and poorly cooked Cuban food. The place can get loud. Servers aren't that great, while food runners acted like waiters (they were amazing). I'm sure their rum bar is decent. But come for their black beans!
#REVIEW#A MA ZING!!  Great food, great drinks, great service, great live music.  Went with a group of 9.  Made a reservation a week ahead and then not a single concern.  Our waiter was fantastic and showed no concern about dealing with such a large group.  I highly recommend this place.  It is small so do yourself a favor and make a reservation.
#REVIEW#Cuba Restaurant and Run Bar is definitely a place to drop in on the next time you want to have brunch. Cuba Restaurant and Run Bar is a short walk from the West 4th station. It's not a large place but big enough to enjoy a great meal with a few friends. Also, I will say that It was clear from the moment I walked in that each worker takes great pride in all they do. I love going into resturants and everyone is smiling not only at me but at each other in a welcome to our house, were glad your here kind of way. To that point, the staff was absolutely lovely and our waiter was both knowledgeable and quick. So for our meal and drinks, I enjoyed several caipirinha that were both delicious and potent. For my brunch meal, I had the seasoned pork with rice. I enjoyed the meal but unfortunately the pork was a bit dry. Like I said, it was seasoned well but just a bit dry for my taste. My friend had a different dish off the menu and enjoyed it as well. I will definitely be back because the ambiance is awesome, the drinks were amazing, food was authentic and I love being in a restaurant were you truly feel at home.
#REVIEW#We always try new restaurants whenever we come back to NYC, but this is always a mainstay! Classic Cuban food prepared masterfully and the drinks are amazing. I'm not a fan of overly sugary drinks, and these were perfect. Sweet, but not too sweet.My favorite dish is the Cazuela Marinera with saffron rice. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Intimate setting, appropriate decor for a Cuban restaurant, perfect for a small group or a date. Some of the dishes were better prepared than others. The fish was rubbery, but the beef dishes (shredded streak dishes and churrasco) did not disappoint. Highly disappointed by the cocktails. Poorly prepared and lacking. I'd stick to having a glass of wine here.
#REVIEW#Really cool place. Upscale Cuban is not something I've ever had before; but it didn't disappoint! The drinks and appetizers were the best part of the meal, as is often the case!
#REVIEW#Had a great time at Cuba! This is the best Cuban food I've had in NYC yet. It is a cozy spot with close together tables but fun vibes when they have live music! Signature mojitos were delicious. Ordered empanadas, croquettes, maduros, and ROPA VIEJA! Surprised we still had room for dessert so we ordered the flan and that was great too! The waiters were attentive and friendly. I never felt like I was rushed or waiting too long for anything. Definitely make a reservation because it gets really busy - especially on a weekend night.
#REVIEW#I have been here numerous times over the years and I am never disappointed. The food is always amazing (no matter what you order) and the drinks are always delicious!!! I went to Cuba a few years ago and anytime I have a craving for ropa vieja I know exactly where I am going.
#REVIEW#Got Paella Marinera and Ropa Vieja. Paella Marinera was still wet not dry. They did not cook it for long enough. Ropa Vieja was not very hot (temperarure-wise). It tasted okay. The plantain chips in it were very good, but a lot of them got soggy from the beef juices. Should have been served separately, but I guess it's for the aesthetic.Went with a group of 4 and tried to use the Yelp deal to check in and get a free drink, but they only let 1 person use it.
#REVIEW#Came here for a birthday brunch with a group of 10 on a Saturday. A few of us were late so unfortunately the ones who arrived earlier had to wait for everyone to start the bottomless.We sat upstairs and the place was really cute but small, we felt a little smushed...but after the second drink we forgot. A lot, of options for drinks so if you're not a mimosa person don't worry. The drinks were strong but very sweet so prepare for a headache.  A lot of options for brunch, everything from your typical brunch food to traditional Cuban dishes. With so much variety I was a little worried about the quality everything would be. Everyone loved what we got from the apps to main courses. The presentation and service was also really good. So food was definitely great, only con were super sweet drinks.
#REVIEW#I was wondering how good this cuban restaurant was since I live in Miami and have some good Cuban food all around me but was pleasantly surprised. The Food and drinks were pretty good.  I was disappointed at the very small bar thought.  The whole restaurant is pretty small so don't expect a lot of space.  Make reservations ahead to make sure they have a spot for you. The good thing was  that we didn't feel rushed.  We went on a good night when they were giving out a free bacardi drink sample.  It never hurts to have free drinks.  Maybe you get lucky as well!! Lol
#REVIEW#Cuban food for the craving win!I don't recall ever trying Cuban food so I opted for that with my dining partner versus Japanese sashimi and sushi. Yummy and proportionate food servings.  I like the green sauce that was served with the empanadas. Meat was tender and plantains delicious! Service was wonderful and nice white cloth dining tables! Fulfilling craving!
#REVIEW#Went here with 2 coworkers for a long lunch last Friday. I ordered: ROPA VIEJA ($17) - this is definitely the move. Shredded skirt steak in a crisp over a plantain mash (not sure? but it was good) with rice. It also came with a side of beans which were good. I gave 4 stars because the service wasn't the most friendly I've ever experienced, but it was fine. Will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Went with a group of 6 friends on a Tuesday night and we got the downstairs community table all to ourselves. One disadvantage of this was that we felt a little neglected toward the end of our meal with slower and slower service. I recommend the duck confit. The mahi mahi was tough and on the dry side but with delicious sauce. For desserts, get the key lime dulce de leche, flan and bread pudding.
#REVIEW#I REALLY enjoy this place!Some of the best Paella I've ever had!The food here is really good. We typically order the same thing everything, but when it's that good, why order something else?!?We typically always get:3 Empanadas (all three cheese/spinach)Paella ValencianaCoconut MojitoRaspberry MojitoThe empanadas are so good! Between the chicken, beef, and cheese/spinach, hands down the cheese/spinach is the best! And their tomatillo sauce is to-die-for :PThe Valenciana paella is the best choice. It comes with shrimp, chicken, and short ribs. All so good and flavorful!And make sure you get a Mojito... they're delicious!!!of all the mojitos, the coconut one runs away with the victory. If you are feeling something different, the Arroz con Pollo is also really good!If you want some flavorful food for lunch/dinner, come here and get a Paella!
#REVIEW#A solid 3.7 stars***The establishment is small, but vibrant and filled with good vibes. The staff is friendly and welcoming. The drink menu is plentiful and I went with the coconut mojito- it was delicious. The food was good and flavorful but nothing truly stood out that you couldn't get from any other Cuban restaurant. I'd say if you are around the area, it is worth a visit but if you're looking to travel from the boroughs or another part of the city just to come here, you could easily find the same food (maybe even better) in similar type Cuban restaurants.
#REVIEW#Came here for a late lunch so it wasn't busy. It's a cute little restaurant. The Ceviche was some of the best I've had. The Ropa Vieja, Maduros, and Mojitos were delicious as well, not the best I've had but definitely good enough for me to want to come back. The staff doesn't interrupt you a lot so you have to let them know when you want to order more or get your check.
#REVIEW#Everything from the service to the food was amazing. This is a true NYC restaurant; small, quaint, and cute. The atmosphere is both romantic and casual. The food and cocktails were great! :-) Definitely where I'll be taking friends and family who visit NYC
#REVIEW#Came here with some girlfriends for happy hour & dinner. One of them had been to Cuba before and suggested it. She knew that it could/would get crowded so she made reservations. And of course, you cannot be seated until the entire party is there.For the happy hour drinks they only have white or red sangria and regular mojito for $5..which is amazing considering they're regularly like $12-$13. Since I'm not a super huge fan of mint, I just stuck with the sangria.For food, we went with the fried calamari as our appetizer. The sauce that came with it was good, I just wish it was on the side because it made the calamari soggy and I like mines crispy. The entrees, I went with the salmon which was delicious! And my friend went with their oxtails and it came with a side of black beans & rice. And she ordered plantains on the side as well. Let me just say their oxtails are HEAVENLY! I want to go back just to order them for myself! The food & drinks here are amazing. The ambiance is nice and they play good music. There's even a live band on the weekends and they have someone on site who rolls up cigars. This small Cuban restaurant is perfect for date night, a night out with friends, and it's even family friendly.
