#NAME#Root & Bone
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/root-and-bone-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#southern,comfortfood,desserts#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#came here a few days ago for some southern dinner.  we came with a pulsd deal which includes this "family style" dinner with alcoholic pairings.for our "first course", we had the deviled eggs and biscuits.  the biscuits were DIVINE omg especially with their housemade chicken sauce.  there was definitely some sweetness to the sauce which made the biscuits stand out so much more.  the deviled eggs were delicious too but nothing compared to those biscuits!  this course was paired with whiskey on the rocks (not really sure which one specifically)then our "second course" included the cheese waffles, fried chicken, mac and cheese with some veggies.  the fried chicken was the best part - incredibly tender and tasty.  i didn't care much for the cheese waffles - they were very soft and i prefer my waffles to be a little crispy on the edges.  the veggies were just okay as well.  the mac and cheese were really good as well!  this course was paired with this glass of roseas for our "final course" aka dessert, we got this AMAZING cocktail.  it was like chocolate mousse with a kick of alcohol in it.  so tasty!  definitely our favorite pairing.  the desserts was this tiny slice of pecan pie which was yummy and key lime pie which i don't like generally so i didn't really eat itoverall, cute place!  the food was good with some outstanding ones for sure!
#REVIEW#Monday night dinner with a friend post drinks nearby the area. Arrived here around 9pm and ordered the half bird and a side of veggies to share.We were promptly seated, granted it was a late Monday night event. The restaurant at this point in time was half empty. The food came pretty quickly. The chicken was nice and crunchy without it tasting too greasy. The side of vegetables consisted of mushrooms, potatoes and carrots. It was roasted with a hint of pesto. Meal was decently priced. Our meal ended up being $20 per person including tax and tip. Service was speedy and also attentive enough. Can't wait to come back here again to try out other items on their menu.
#REVIEW#Writing an updated review for brunch because I've been converted into a fan.The last time I was here, I had a mediocre dinner experience. However, brunch has changed my perspective on Root & Bone, and the food blew me away. I ordered the Fried Chicken Biscuits which are no joke. Imagine a chicken cutlet topped with crunchy chips and sandwiched between two dense, soft biscuits. Now multiply that by two, and you have the dish I ate yesterday. Absolutely fantastic - the chicken was crispy and the chips added a nice crunch. My friend got the Waffle Benedict which she seemed to enjoy, although the portions did seem a bit small for that one. We also split the macaroni and cheese, which was okay but not worth the $9 price tag. If you're looking for somewhere to grab brunch, I would definitely recommend stopping at Root & Bone. Brunch has 100% restored my faith in this restaurant.
#REVIEW#So when I planned my trip to nyc I was recommended root & bone and they said that they have some of the best fried chicken so you know I had to check it out.It's a very cute spot has some seating outside if I can remember right and I was able to get a seat with my husband right away but if you have a bigger party I'd probably call ahead and book a reservation. Our server was nice an polite and answered all the questions we had and helped my husband pick something off the menu to eat. I got the fried chicken and three. They do a great job of plate presentation here and I got the dark meat and y'all whatever they do to that chicken they do right it was packed with flavor the chicken was nice and juicy the chicken skin I have no idea how they season their chicken but this is hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had. And the Mac and cheese was nice and cheesy and the cole slaw was delicious had a nice flavor to it and I liked the two small baby waffles that came with it they were good but the fried chicken was definitely the star of the show for me.
#REVIEW#Came to this place for brunch with a friend and we (by an act of God) got a reservation for 2 at 12pm.. we called 2 hours beforehand. I got the American breakfast with scrambled eggs and a side of mac and cheese (I don't like fried chicken or waffles, so this was the main option I wanted). DELICIOUS! The mac and cheese is soo cheesy and the biscuit was delicious (make sure you ask for butter and jam!). The potatoes were ehh, needed more flavor, and were a but soggy. The eggs needed salt, but overall, a great and filling meal. My friend got the fried chicken & three and loved every bit of it. The cole slaw had an amazing flavor and the chicken was crispy and juicy. Definitely recommend this place for a chill brunch with friends, but make sure you come hungry because the food is very filling.
#REVIEW#Root and Bone's the only place I'll recommend Chicken and Waffles to. Red Rooster? Fukouttahere. Ruth's? Schmooths. Root and Bone? Game of Thrones. You already know.I came during brunch hours and for $28, the chicken and waffle sandwich wasn't so much a "sandwich" (because there was only one waffle), and more like a dick slap to the face. But damn... if that wasn't the tastiest dickslap to the face. Also: you had to keep eye contact. The size was an even bigger insult to injury. I've given birth to premature babies bigger than this chicken and waffles. But damn... if this wasn't the tastiest premature baby I've ever tasted. I really can't stress how tasty these chickens and waffles were. Plus whiskey syrup.The mac and cheese was surprisingly bland. To this day I still resent my friend for suggesting that. But the biscuits. Some real Southern love there.It's a cute place but I left hungry from portion size, so I'd only really treat Root and Bone as a treat. Or if you're trying to impress a girl or something by spending money. What a world we live in.
#REVIEW#I dined at Root & Bone this past Easter with my family and it was just exceptional. The restaurant is so bright and open. The decor reminds me of a modern farmhouse. We had a reservation (highly recommend) and were seated promptly. The coffee was great, as well as the orange juice. My mom and dad both had Bloody Mary's and really enjoyed them. For brunch, I ordered the American breakfast. It was served with the most delicious bacon and biscuit. We also tried the fried chicken and Mac n cheese. The biscuits and gravy were also a huge hit. Everyone truly enjoyed their meals. So delicious! Overall, I highly recommend Root & Bone. It was amazing!!
#REVIEW#Fried Chicken galore! We ordered the full chicken and shared between two people. We had plenty to bring home for leftovers.the fried chicken was tender. I do wish some of the pieces were a little crispier. I felt like the wing was lacking any sort of crunch. Needless to say, it was one of the best pieces of fried chicken I have had in NYC. The tobacco honey sauce here is everything! It compliments the chicken very well. I absolutely loved the Macaroni and cheese! It was baked to perfection and I give this 5 stars. Asking for hot sauce is a must! Sweet tea (half and half) $5 - was very refreshing. I have been to the south and boy does Georgia make their tea sweet. So happy to have the right amount here! The mismatched plates here are such a cute touch and give a nice home style feel The biscuits here were so dense and delicious. They were very moist and not as flaky and dry as most are in the south. I loved that they were served with salt, rosemary. The found that I did not love the dipping sauce for the biscuits. However, the presentation had a nice touch. Service was very attentive and accommodating - and this was nice. I am looking to trying dessert next time!
#REVIEW#Cute East Village brunch spot. Wait times are never too crazy, even on weekends. Rustic vibe with a whiskey theme to the decoration and food. Oh, and bottomless mimosas available!!! I had a cold brew that was amazing, and the Fried Chicken and Three with a side of cheesy grits that had corn and pimento cheese in them. SO good. Only complaint is the high prices, but that's pretty typical for any place you'll go to for a sit down meal in NYC.
#REVIEW#I came here quite a long time ago (probably 2016), so I'm struggling to remember exactly what my experience was like. The first thing I would say about this place is that it's too dimly lit. I can understand ambiance lighting, but this place is taking it a little bit too far. Secondly, the food: I ordered the shrimp and grits, which I believe must be pretty popular here? Portion size was fine, and the shrimp and grits themselves tasted okay- however, there were quite a few onions in the dish, and they were pickled for some strange reason. I have no idea why the chef thought this would pair well with the dish (I've never had this in my shrimp and grits before, though I will admit I've only had shrimp and grits several times in my life- though always in different states). I felt that the onions were way too sour, and kind of had an overpowering taste, which clashed way too much with everything else going on in the dish. As a result, I kind of just picked these out and ate around them, essentially. In short, the lone dish that I had here was great except for one ingredient. Hopefully, they already removed this from the dish.
#REVIEW#Wow. Popped into root & bone for a buddies birthday and was not disappointed.The spot is small, but welcoming. We were a group of 6 and I was able to drop a reservation a week before. Took them around 7 minutes to seat us after arrival and we were pushing up against their afternoon x evening break (they're closed 4-5!). After ordering the food came out in like 10 minutes.We opted to order a bunch and family style. Some serious southern comfort! We ordered... tea brined chicken basket, brisket meatloaf, biscuits n gravy, ribs, waffles.Everything was delicious while tasting fresh and cooked with love. Strongly recommend stopping by for brunch.
#REVIEW#Winner winner Chicken Dinner!But really. Go for the fried chicken and waffles. You will not regret it. Came here for Valentine's Day. Ahh the romance in the air...or perhaps it was the smell of Mac n cheese. Hard to say. Anyway I digress. We were seated right away in a cute corner tucked away from the main area. The waiter came up and immediately were brought water and our drinks came out fast. We got the family style supper with the biscuits, chicken and waffles, deviled eggs, sides and delicious dessert. Absolutely worth it. Everything was amazing. Best presentation were the deviled eggs. Gorgeous. I also liked how the plates were mismatched in a hipster home cooking vibe sort of way. My fav food was actually the dessert. It was key lime pie and I am such a sucker for citrus. It was just the right amount of tart with that rich buttery base. Mmmm. The food was incredible but I must say the service was BOMB! I've never had my glass of water filled so frequently in a way that was not intrusive. This restaurant is so positive, literally glass is never half empty. Dad joke.
#REVIEW#If you go to Root & Bone, you should 100% buy the fried chicken. Their fried chicken is crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside and not dry at all. Another specialty is the grits. I tend to not like grits, but the way the restaurant makes it with shrimp ("shrimp & grits") is very savory. The biscuits and gravy was also pretty solid. The only dish that did not stand out to me was the collard greens. It was a bit bland compared to the rest of the food. The drinks are a bit creative and if you want to order some fruity drinks, the Merit Badge and Promise Ring are a great choice! The scenery is dimly lit and a really great date night spot. Our waiter was really nice and efficient too. This restaurant is always poppin so make sure to get a reservation ahead of time!
#REVIEW#I came here on a Friday night with a friend. We made reservations for 630, and I'm glad we did because this place was packed.I opted for the gluten free biscuits and the gluten free sweet tea brined fried chicken. While my friend ordered the non gluten free version of what I got. The gf biscuits were good, a bit dense thou.My friends regular biscuits were nice and soft and very light.Then we had the chicken, which was pretty great! It was nice and crunchy, I could tell it was made to order. Lastly, The buckwheat waffles. To be honest this was our least favorite dish; the waffles weren't very crunchy and the cheese didn't go well with it.The restaurant it's self was cute and very cozy. The servers were nice and very helpful. They answered all our questions and gave us recommendations.All in all, this place was fun.
#REVIEW#I tried to come here for dinner once before but was quoted over a 2 hour wait. Fast forward, a few years later, I came here again but this time for brunch and I was seated immediately. I guess the hype with the place went away over time.Maybe I waited too long to finally try this place, but I thought that all of the food was underwhelming. I tried the drunken deviled eggs, sweet tea brined fried chicken, cheddar waffles and the lavender lemonade. The presentation, plating and quickness was on point. However the food fell short of my expectations. The hint of lavender in the lemonade was very subtle. You can barely taste it in the drink. For the sweet brined fried chicken, I was able to request all dark meat with my order. It came with two thighs and two drumsticks. The drumsticks were not crispy at all. I peered into the kitchen and it looks like the fried chicken is pre-made and kept warm instead of being made to order. Also, the cheddar on the waffles didn't seem to go well with the meal. I ended up peeling off all the cheese. I am glad I was finally able to try this place but I probably won't return.
#REVIEW#This place has been in my bookmarks for months and finally got around to trying it on a weeknight. The restaurant takes reservations, but it was also relatively empty around 6:30. It started picking up after 7:30/8.Cocktails are in the $12-15 range; I can't remember what we ordered, but both of them tasted good! My friend and I decided to go a little crazy/overboard and get the family supper, which is $35 per person. It comes with deviled eggs, biscuits, fried chicken, cheese waffles, seasonal vegetables (for us, it was collard greens), mac and cheese, and desserts (for us, it was cheesecake and pecan pie). I somewhat regretting eating that much food, but it was SO amazing. The deviled eggs are a little weird because they're infused with beets and it gives it an interesting twist. The fried chicken is AMAZING - it has a slightly lemon taste from the iced tea and it's cooked perfectly.Highly recommend this place for dinner and maybe come super hungry if you want the good deal of a TON of delicious food for $35.
#REVIEW#One of the best brunches in NYC! The chicken is crispy and juicy and the waffles and perfectly cooked. Definitely make a reservation, big crowd! A must go to in NYC!
#REVIEW#I had such high hopes but unfortunately Root and Bone didn't live up to them. First Sweet Chick and now Root and Bone- which place truly has the best fried chicken in the East Village? Anyways, the place itself is super cute and cozy plus the servers are hospitable. But for the price I don't think it's worth it at all- namely for the fried chicken. As a party of three, we decided to order the whole fried chicken which consisted of 8 pieces of meat (2 white and 6 dark), the buckwheat cheddar waffles, and the mac n cheese. Whole fried chicken- 2/5. I'm sorry, no, just no. I get that it's "sweet tea brined fried chicken" so that it wouldn't necessarily be super crunchy. However, I did expect the meat at the very least to be cooked. Long story short, the legs' meat were pink which was super off putting. If I'm paying $4/1 piece of fried chicken can it at least be cooked "all the way"? This isn't a burger. Buckwheat Cheddar Waffles- 3/5. Slowly redeeming the awful chicken but didn't stand out in any way. No, it was not bad, but I cannot say it was great either. They also came out a little cold/cheese wasn't fully melted.Mac n cheese- 5/5. Mac n cheese to save the day! This side was reasonably priced considering it's portion size and was pretty damn good. Yes it's just mac n cheese but trust me, if you do go, get this. The biscuit herb crust was the "cherry on top" for me. All in all I wouldn't visit again but I can't say I strongly recommend against it. If anything, if you're a vegetarian/cheese lover, then this place would be a great option for you :).
#REVIEW#Cute little brunch spot in the East Village. Not the best southern style food I've had in the city, but delicious nonetheless. Portions are dainty and presented nicely. I had the fried chicken biscuits (which was surprisingly sweet) and my friend had the fried chicken & three. The mac and cheese that came with my friend's meal was definitely a stand out.The space is intimate and cozy and probably not ideal for groups larger than 4. The service was very polite and accommodating.Also, Root & Bone offers a very respectable whiskey selection. I'm not a whiskey drinker, so I opted for the "merit badge" cocktail which was really refreshing and delicious.
#REVIEW#Just had a surprise brunch here this past Saturday for my boyfriend. From booking the reservation to paying the bill, everything went extremely smoothly. The food was absolutely delicious, because we were a party of 10 we did have to do a prixe fixed menu which is $28 a person which I've attached. The biscuits were delicious, the deviled eggs were good but not great, the Mac and cheese was super creamy and spot on. I had the waffle benedict which I highly recommend but, our table did have all the second course options listed and everybody loved theirs. Def will be back! Thank you Root & Bone for a great brunch party!! My only recommendation would be offering pitchers of drinks to larger parties
