#NAME#Trademark Taste + Grind
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/trademark-taste-grind-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#venues,breakfast_brunch,tradamerican#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch after falling in love with their cookies and wow.I can't get enough of the tuna poke there is something about where you literally can't stop eating and you have the urge to SLUUURP all the sauce from the bottom of the to-go container which I have #noshame.The tuna poke is also served with this side of homemade crackers. I usually find crackers super bland but wow I COULD eat a box of these. They have an amazing kick of heat while also not being overly salty. They are perfection, if I was on death row I would love this as my last meal.I also got the steak served with their housemade butter wow when I saw wow literally my mom is a steak fiend and she is so picky when it comes to eating it because she will find tiny flaws. But when I brought her some of Trademark's steak she was amazed and how good it was in terms of cooking and flavoring.The octopus is also amazing flavored very well with a refreshing cucumber salad.ALSO MUST HAVE the burrata and garlic knots, the garlic knots are made in house and are fluffy pieces of heaven with the burrata what a perfect combo.For dessert, I highly recommend their cookies or their banana pudding. It will bloooow you away.
#REVIEW#Before my dinner reservation, I sat at the bar for happy hour drinks (4-6pm). The bartender's attitude was rude...and our waitress later that night was no where to be found. I really liked the ambiance. It was dark, cozy with cute decorations and funky music. Food was okay. For dinner:- Burrata & Knots: Interesting...no complaints on the burrata. Although I didn't enjoy the tomato "jam" it reminded me of ketchup. The bread was soft, buttery and garlicky. It was served warm which paired nicely with the cold cheese. - Grilled Cheese with Tomato Soup: Average. The sandwich was thick, heavy and loaded with cheese. The soup of the day was tomato bisque, flavorful but had too much heavy cream. I wish it was more acidic to balance the grilled cheese. - Lobster Roll: Skip! It was overpriced. The lobster portion was ridiculously small and it was drenched in mayo. The side of french fries was good though. - Banana Pudding: Nothing special and not worth saving room for. It was mostly pudding with few banana slices that weren't riped enough and stale wafers. The marshmallow topping looked cute but didn't add much substance or flavor.
#REVIEW#The ambiance is really cool, but it was confusing coming in. If you have reservations or want a drink at the bar, go past the initial counter and you will see a hostess stand. The cocktail I got was really good and the menu prices were reasonable for midtown. My chicken sandwich was ok and wouldn't advise getting it, but my wife loved the burger.The ambiance alone would make me want to go back to try again and the service was attentive and fast
#REVIEW#Came here again with MealPal on a Wednesday to get  the pulled pork grain bowl and was pleasantly surprised with the flavor of the meat and the quality of the rest of the veggies in the dish.I still have to say that the other options for MealPal are not as worthwhile, but the pulled pork itself has boosted my opinion of this place.
#REVIEW#The short: super cute, impressive, delicious spot right in the heart of midtown. It was super lively around dinner time-- so great for big groups or a casual dinner date. The longer: we made a reservation & 5 of us came on a Wednesday evening. We were seated right away and our waitress was super attentive. We started with the homemade mozzarella. Epic. Seriously worth ordering. I had the brick chicken with a side of Brussels sprouts. Solid quality meal, and would definitely eat it again. I tried a few bites of my friends' risotto and pasta dishes-- and was very impressed. I think every single thing we ate here was a home run. I would definitely come back to try some drinks/happy hour & highly recommend.
#REVIEW#Review #2 - Wednesday Well, with "feels like 17 degrees" outside, we ended up going to the Taste & Grind again. The prices were no less steep, but the service was so much better. That makes all the difference in the world. The food ranged from good to great. We collectively shared the grilled cheese (very buttery but crispy and excellent), the greens salad and garlic knots (excellent), octopus and mushrooms and Yukon potatoes and Brussel sprouts (all very good - though rather small portions for the price), and the fries (greasy and limp again). All in all - a much better experience, with live music (nice, but loud and impeding conversation, bit great ambience) and an attentive and friendly server. -------Review #1 - Monday Two-part restaurant attached to Executive Le Soleil Hotel. The Grind is more of the live music place, and The Taste is all day food and drink options. I went to The Taste for lunch - as it was bitter cold out and I decided to try this place - conveniently off the lobby area of the hotel I am in. Limited menu options -- and pretty steep prices. $18 for a chicken sandwich. They don't really have Happy Hour prices, though they do offer  1/2 price bottles of wine on given days. Food is good, but nothing super special. Fries were a bit limp and greasy, but plentiful. The "crispy" Brussel sprouts were good, but not at all crispy. The fried chicken sandwich was excThere is a tv at the bar, and music playing overhead. Staff is competent, but didn't find them overly welcoming or accommodating. They are they type of folks that seem to be here "to do a job" - which is okay, but it means I would choose (and recommend) other places for food or drink in the future.
#REVIEW#Food is excellent, but service is awful! I made a reservation ahead, and when I got in, they told me table was not ready yet. I reserved the seat just for myself! And they set me wait and the waitress left and left me alone. After 20 min of wait, waitress said no table available, and threw me onto a bar! WTH? What is the point with reservation? And after I ordered the food, it took soooooo long to come, even the people came to the bar later than I, they got food right away! even you are busy, stop being sour and salty to a diner with himself!
#REVIEW#Trademark is the best of both worlds. A quaint cafe with a punchy cold brew coffee in the front and a bustling restaurant that serves up perfectly balanced dishes in the back. The manager Chris goes above and beyond to ensure all his guests are taken care of and that each dish is up to IGC's high standards. Chef Adrienne keeps the dishes fresh and tasty and always serves up something worth trying.If you're in midtown and need a coffee or a bite to eat, don't miss out on this incredible little spot.
#REVIEW#Came in for brunch and there thankfully wasn't a wait. I'd give it a 3.5. It would be much better if the eggs were cooked properly. Great service nonetheless. Fresh OJ: good, but a wee bit sour. Still nice anyway! Hangover hash: this was mostly gold. The hash with the fennel sausage was great. The poached eggs however were extremely over cooked-the yolk was solid! Steak and eggs: the steak is extremely smoky to the point that I coughed a bit. I chose my eggs poached as well-big mistake. The yolks were also over cooked solid! :( Side of bacon: good but again, smoky. I'm not a big fan of the smoky aspects.
#REVIEW#Absolutely great! We ordered avocado hummus.  It was exactly that but the best version of that. It was light, and every flavor came through. I could have ordered 4 of them for my meal. That same reaction happened through the entire meal. Each item had its own delicious flavor, but the balance of flavors stood out!  Hats off to Adrienne the chef for creating that balance. Add the friendly, knowledgeable, staff (Sally, Ryan, Amalia, Chris), and we had the best lunch in a while. We have new friends on the block now and a fantastic special choice. Way to go, Trademark!
#REVIEW#Had an amazing Sunday brunch here. The place was quiet at around 1pm on a Sunday. We were seated right away and the service was very nice at this restaurant. The drinks menu has many cocktails that include coffee which is perfect for brunch. We split a brunch burger and a classic breakfast with scrambled eggs. The classic breakfast was amazing and their fried potatoes are definitely the best I've ever had!! Highly recommend this gem place for brunch. The restaurant has nice decor and is very beautiful
#REVIEW#Stopped in here on a quieter evening and snagged a seat at the bar. The restaurant/bar itself is through a coffee shop for a speakeasy type feel but it's actually connected to a hotel. We started off with some dirty martinis which were made well. We then tried the tuna poke, which comes in two sizes, and it had amazing flavor. I would come back just for it. The burrata & knots came out next. It wasn't what I expected - burrata in red sauce and then garlic bread in a skillet - but it was interesting and worked. We wanted another drink but couldn't decide what. The bartender Mariel gave us some drink descriptions and helped us pick a good one - the pear drink. Again, not what we expected but actually much better. Overall the food, drinks and service from Mariel were great. I would definitely come back to try more food. On the way out, we also got a cookie (S'mores!).
#REVIEW#After walking for what seemed like hours in the dreadful heat we were looking for a place to get a quick bite to eat and drinks. After perusing Yelp we decided to stop here. It was the highest rated place in our vicinity.The menu was very limited. They were no longer serving brunch and weren't serving dinner yet. My sister and I both ordered the small Tuna Poke. This was different. Never heard of, or even thought of the combination of tuna and macadamia nuts, but it definitely works. There were generous amounts of both tuna and macadamia. It was simple but delicious. My only complaint was that they were a little too heavy on the soy based sauce. The bowl should have been mixed better. Almost all the sauce was at the bottom of the bowl drenching the last layers of tuna. We wanted something light because we had dinner reservations later in the evening. But to our surprise, the poke was actually very filling. Service was good. The interior is very chic with a few thought provoking designs. Definitely a unique spot. The name, interior, and menu items definitely reflect that.
#REVIEW#3.5 stars. A not-so-hidden gem in Midtown West. Despite it being an incredibly dense and highly-trafficked area, there actually aren't many places like Trademark in the area. Plenty of fast casual options as well as overpriced business lunch/surf and turf joints lacking in personality, not too many casual sit-down spots with approachable menus and reasonable prices. In a sea of options, finding the diamonds is a Task. Enter Trademark. Or more accurately, enter my cousin, who works in the area and has been frequenting Trademark for a while. A warm, inviting space which makes great use of its space. An ideal space for a work-related meal when you don't want something stuffy, or just a central spot to grab cocktails and apps with friends. Came here at around 6pm on a Monday night for dinner. I walked past Trademark initially because I didn't realize it was semi-connected to a hotel (more on that later). There's a cafe in front and past it is the main dining space, full of booths and a central bar. We sat in a somewhat elevated booth (and a spacious one at that), ideal for spirited conversation and plates to share. Though I didn't drink on this occasion, I gather Trademark has solid specialty cocktails. The other members in my party seemed to enjoy them and that's all I can report. There are also wines offered by the glass and a nice assortment of other spirits that you can order by the glass as well.The menu is straightforward with something for everyone. Appetizers, dinner salads, sandwiches and a nice selection of entrees. Most of the dishes are quite healthy but don't sacrifice flavor. Even good for picky eaters. What I tried, below:Charred Octopus w/ korean bbq, smashed cucumber, chilies: BUnfortunately not the biggest fan. The octopus itself was overcooked so the texture was off. I also just wasn't the biggest fan of the flavor profile. Perhaps I'm just so used to the Spanish/Mediterranean style, but regardless I don't think this BBQ preparation is doing anything for the meat. It wasn't *bad*, but I found that it didn't make much sense at all.Baby Greens & Charred Carrots w/ almonds, feta, honey tahini: A-Now this plate was more of what I was after. Adding roasted vegetables to an entree salad is never not a good idea, especially in the colder months. Nutty and earthy with some delightful sweetness coming from the tahini, the flavors were on point here. The greens were massaged so thankfully not just drab/boring leaves. I hesitantly added shrimp as my protein here, which worked better than I thought. The flavor profile of the salad skews Mediterranean, so seafood is fair game here.Service was fine overall, though there were some gaps when our first server clocked out and we were transferred to another server. Two of the entrees came out a good 5-10 minutes before the third, which just isn't great etiquette. Other than that, we were visited by the manager/host twice during the night--that lil quality check staff tend to do with patrons from time to time. While I appreciated the consideration, he lingered for far longer than was necessary, to the point of being awkward. I'd suggest learning to read social cues a bit better and making an exit when appropriate. Just a tip, harsh but true! All things considered, I'll still happily recommend Trademark.
#REVIEW#Ambiance: 8/10 Food: 9/10Service: 9/10Went to Trademark for Thanksgiving dinner & appreciated that they allowed us to go with the Prie Fix OR order from the regular menu! Some of us got the prie fix and I ordered from the regular menu. For an appetizer, I got the bread & cheese and for my main meal, I got the berry chicken. The berry chicken was VERY good! Even the peppers that came on the side of the berry chicken were marinated and had SO much flavor! I absolutely loved my meal! The quantity was also very big and enough for 2 meals- a whole chicken shoulder! It came on the bone and with the skin on but was cooked all the way through the middle and was incredibly tender! The ambiance was great- casual yet enjoyable. Their playlist was GREAT and actually played 2000s pop rather than jazz, which is what I would've expected. keeps you entertained as you eat. The service is great as well- I always want hot sauce and they're always great about giving me choices & bringing me what I want. Our waiter was funny and engaged in conversation with us! I would definitely consider trademark as a contender for another solid meal- big portions, decent pricing, friendly staff- what else can a girl ask for?
#REVIEW#This place is amazing, I am going to bring my friends here, and I'm going to try their sister restaurant. I came here to catch up with a friend; she was 20 minutes later, and I had a really great conversation with the hostess and the restaurant manager. They gave me some awesome food recommendations, which I took, and she was so kind to give me water as I wait for my friend.The restaurant is styled really well; it's dark enough so it gives romantic vibes, and it's enough light so you can see what you're eating. I ordered the octopus and matcha white chocolate cremeux; my friend ordered the fried chicken sandwich.Her fried chicken sandwich was delicious; the chicken was perfectly crispy, and it almost had a smoky flavor. I loved it. I loved my grilled octopus; it had a Korean BBQ sauce that was perfectly spicy and sweet. The octopus tasted meaty, and it wasn't gummy. I devoured my dish. Now the matcha white chocolate cremeux! It came with a ginger crumble and a plum sorbet; I didn't know what to expect with the cremeux. It's richer than a pudding; it's almost like icing. It tasted amazing, and the ginger crumble + plum sorbet were perfect compliments. It balanced out the [almost too] richness of the matcha white chocolate. I would definitely get this dessert again.Definitely come here if you want unique food, amazing desserts, and amazing service.
#REVIEW#My wife and I had did not have reservations, but we managed to get a table within 20 minutes once we were here, on a Wednesday night at 7:30 pm. The entrance to this restaurant feels very speakeasy-ish and the hostess was very welcoming.The place has got a really good vibe, it wasn't too loud, and I'd highly recommend this place for a date night. Our waitress Sarah was very friendly and explained to us what the daily specials were in detail. I ordered their daily special fish, which was Cod ($28) with some delicious almond sauce/reduction and fresh grilled veggies and my wife ordered Mushroom Risotto ($24).Food arrived within 20 minutes and the food was absolutely delicious. The food definitely is a bit on the expensive end, but the flavor absolutely justifies that price tag!Service overall was excellent and we had a great time while we were here for dinner. Would definitely recommend this place to friends and family!
#REVIEW#We'd gone out of our way to grab lunch at a place that was closed for renovation and the goal suddenly became "escape the heat however, wherever".  We didn't expect to wind up at a place as good (or as weirdly named) as Trademark Taste + Grind and when we did, my friend realized that she'd once stayed at the hotel (Le Soleil) the restaurant is attached to.  Or part of.  TT+G has an odd and somewhat off-putting entrance and I left unclear on whether the hotel and restaurant are related.Whether or not they're related really matters only in the sense that I don't generally enjoy or seek out hotel-affiliated restaurants.  TT&G though, is a place worth seeking out.  They provided an unexpectedly inspired lunch.  The casual attitude of our server didn't clue us in to the talent of those in the kitchen.  Only the yelp reviews preceding this one gave me an idea that welcome surprises might await.  Too late to partake in a "muffin of the day", my friend opted for Shrimp Avocado Toast ($14), which might look overpriced but proved a filing and quite ample choice.  Check out the photo:  TT&G knows how to make food look (and taste) delicious.  I'm not generally a quinoa fan but I took my chances on the Kale-Quinoa Salad ($13) featuring aioli, crispy chickpeas, golden raisins, citrus, and parmesan.  Beautifully presented, the quinoa somehow lightly adhered to the kale adding a delicious texture to the whole delightful bowlful.  TT&G has an interesting, large, and varied menu and a comfortable atmosphere and is open for a lot more than just lunch.  If I were in the area again I'd happily try it for any other meal of the day or perhaps even drinks and appetizers.  Hotel-related or not, the kitchen here is on-point, the a/c is cooling, and the combination adds up to a winning choice.P.S.  This restaurant, I later learned, is operated by a New York-based group called "In Good Company", who currently operate 10 restaurants in New York (Park Avenue Tavern, Refinery Rooftop, and Mondrian Terrace amongst others).  Based on this experience I'd happily seek to try out the other restaurants with which they're associated.
#REVIEW#Service was perfection.  The hostess was accommodating to our last minute request for a high top.  The server was the epitome was a great waiter.  The bussers and food runners were on point, and the manager even stopped by to check in.We had the burrata and garlic knot which wasn't mind blowing, but good nonetheless.My fried chicken sandwich was delicious, and honestly the perfect size.  The side salad greens were the freshest and best quality assortment of greens (and abundant) I've had at any restaurant -- clearly I was super impressed.  I had to knock off a star only because the dressing on side salad was ridiculously salty - like to the point of it being inedible.  Additionally, the side of Brussels sprouts was also on the salty side.  The server graciously addressed the salad, and the manager quickly brought a naked side salad as a replacement.  Otherwise I'd say this was a 5 star experience.
#REVIEW#Trademark is a cool and hip spot for locals and tourists alike to get their grub on if they're in Midtown West.  Located in the ground floor of a hotel, it caters to guests and the local working crowd with its modern American fare.We stopped in to grab lunch and we opted for the business lunch ($21).  If you're doing the business lunch, you get basically an appetizer and a main dish.  The smashed beets with homemade naan was really excellent.  After putting everything together, it reminded me of a really nice pita dipped in savory hummus.  The wife was very happy with her butternut squash soup.  For mains, we got a kale and quinoa salad and fried chicken sandwich.  The salad was well done and not overdressed.  The fried chicken sandwich was also very tasty - the slaw and pickles really balance out the freshly fried chicken.  Service was incredibly polite and prompt.  The servers were knowledgable and very friendly.  Didn't have one interaction that didn't come with a smile.  Prices are very reasonable for the area and the food is top notch.  Thumbs up for sure.
