#NAME#Jane
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jane-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#breakfast_brunch,newamerican,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Came here with a big group on a beautiful Saturday noon. My friend made reservations a few days ahead of time for a party of 5. We were seated very quickly when our entire party was present. The waiter/ waitress was super friendly and alert when we needed our waters filled. Everyone at my table ordered salad/ Benedict, while I decided to be that guy and go with the popular Vanilla Bean French Toast. It's been a while since I had French Toast, but......... I honestly have to say that Jane might hold one of the best French Toast I have eaten. The bread was super fluffy, and had a crunch. The flavors were just all infused beautifully. Ever had those moment where the food taste so good, your eyes just closed? Well I had it with Jane's Vanilla Bean French Toast!! I believe the rest of my friends were pretty satisfied with their dishes as well. I can see why this place has over 3k reviews of 4+ stars. Ambiance felt very classy but people were in nice summer attire!
#REVIEW#Saw many great reviews for the restaurant so my friends and I decided to get brunch here. We went on Saturday around 12:30pm and it was a 30 minute wait which was not too bad. There are 2 benches outside for people to sit and wait. The restaurant is not extremely big, but there is a lower seating level as well. The tables are placed in close proximity so there is not a lot of remove for movement. My friends and I ordered: Eggs Benedict, salmon Benedict, huevos rancheros, and the farmhouse popover. For the Benedicts, the eggs were both over poached; both were close to being hard-boiled with a slighty soft center. For the farmhouse popover, it did not look as it did on some yelp pictures and looked more like an omelette with ham than scrambled eggs. The huevos rancheros looked good and my friend also said it tasted good so that may be sometime I would try if I am to come back again.  In general, I didn't really like the brunch items which my friends and I ordered as much that I hope, but maybe the sweet brunch items are more of their specialty.
#REVIEW#Went for happy hour with friends, loved the space!Drinks: 5/5- cocktail menu is greatFood: 5/5- lobster mac and cheese is phenomenal Service: 5/5- nice, attentive!Atmosphere: 5/5- polished, classy but still comfy and cozy
#REVIEW#I was at NYC for the Easter holidays. And a friend has brought me to this brunch place. I ordered egg benedict. As a brunch expert, I would say the food is good and ingredients are super fresh but the price is kind high compare to L'Avenue here in Montreal and portion wise it was not as generous as L'Avenue.In terms of location, the restaurant is located at SoHo area and not far from NYU and Chelsea Market. A nice walk after brunch was just perfect
#REVIEW#This was our first stop after we got into NYC for the weekend. There was an all afternoon happy hour so they had 8 dollar cocktails. I had the Pickled Jane: vodka, honey, pickled tomato juice, served on the rocks. It was very good and sort of like a Bloody Mary, but sweeter and not tomato based. I had the special of the day sandwich- caprese with pesto. It was very good and I liked the pesto. It came with rosemary fries, which were OK but a bit over cooked. The service was not great, but it seemed they were understaffed.
#REVIEW#The two items on this menu I would recommend, particularly after a long day of shopping, is the Jane Burger and for sure the cauliflower appetizer. This venue is located in a perfect spot down the street from the shopping strip. Walking in, service was attentive and helpful in making decisions. Venue was definitely clean. And good came relatively quick. If I could recommend anything it's that they post signs on where the bathroom is, my grandma accidentally walked her way into the kitchen when we were there and noticed several others did the same.
#REVIEW#It's very delicious even just the omelet. They infused the cheese into the eggs perfectly. Coffee was good too. It's not very crowded by s Saturday afternoon standard. It's definitely pricy tho.
#REVIEW#Mehhhhh subpar expensive food. They didn't have coffee listed on their menu but we ordered it and they accommodated. The service was overall very friendly and fast. Now for the food... (I don't remember exactly the food but here it goes) we ordered gnocchi, avocado toast, egg white omelette, and kale salad thing with eggs. Everything is legit not that crazy hard to make at home.. and they looks very tossed around. I didn't like the fact that the food wasn't hot .. they came out lukewarm. The egg white omelette was a bit salty.. the kale salad was actually good! The gnocchi was very delicious and creamy but again, warm... and the avocado toast was delicious but give a bit more on the spread! It was sooo thin. It was more like toast with a hint of avocado lol Everything was ok. Just ok.
#REVIEW#Um, no.I know I self-deprecatingly identify as millennial trash who is obsessed with brunch, but even I have to draw the line somewhere. And honestly, I didn't expect it to be in the middle of a meal at Jane. But the greatest thing about living in New York is that nothing fazes you anymore... right?Seriously, even though there are 3000+ seemingly positive reviews, go somewhere else. Because with in a city with so many better brunch options, there's no reason why you should wait for a table in a packed, sterile-looking website and pay an obscenely exorbitant amount for bland food.I'm still recovering from the flavorless disaster they have labeled as the $21 vanilla bean french toast on their menu, though I have nothing negative to say about the maple syrup and fruit, even if it couldn't salvage the dish.
#REVIEW#What a great brunch spot! Came here with my mom and we had the wild mushroom omelette and the Farmhouse popover! Both were delicious. The eggs were rich with mushrooms and the popover had delicious bread to pair with eggs, caramelized onions and grueyre cheese. We also tried a bite of the sweet potato bread which was also delicious and very moist.The place was packed! But got right in with an open table reservation. Service was great. Will definitley be back. I would love to try other on the menu as everything looked great
#REVIEW#In my experience, Jane is one of those places that leaves you with no strong opinion in either direction, good or bad. It sits solidly at mediocre. The food was good but so is a lot of food in NYC. This place didn't 'wow.' The server did not handle an allergy at the table well but passed us off to his manager which  ultimately we appreciated the issue being taken seriously.If you are vegan or dairy-free and going for brunch know the only milk alternative offered for coffee is soy. The menu also seemed a little limited for vegan eaters. Many dishes could be made dairy-free, vegan or gluten free with alterations but it of course makes ordering more complicated. The ambience seemed more business like than a fun weekend brunch spot which isn't bad but also wasn't exactly what we were seeking. The music was also super loud and we had to shout to hear each other. We didn't have a wait here though, so if you haven't planned where you're brunching and don't want a long wait, this is a good place to try.
#REVIEW#I was really disappointed with their Brunch. I haven't been to Jane before, but the inside seemed a bit crowded, with tables crowded next to each other. My sister and I decided to sit at the bar since the wait was 30 minutes for a table around 1 pm on Memorial Day. My sister ordered an ice coffee, which we couldn't find on their menu (probably because they use a Nespresso/coffee machine, which the bartender told us). I assume they at least have typical breakfast beverages if you ask?We ordered two sides, chicken sausage and rosemary fries, which were served before our main dishes. The chicken sausage was flavorless, didn't seem to be seasoned at all. The rosemary fries were lukewarm and tasted like regular fries. I think they just used the rosemary as garnish. For our mains, my sister order the Salmon Benedict. She told me that her food wasn't hot, and when I took a bite, I could tell that it was either sitting out for a while or it had been made before my dish. I ordered the Farmers Popover, which did come out fresh from the kitchen. However, the outer bread tasted burnt and the inside did not have any seasoning. Very disappointing, even with added salt and pepper. I definitely would not waste my time to travel to this restaurant or waste my time for flavorless, lukewarm/cold food. We were starving after our gym class, and the food still didn't taste good to us. My sister said this was one of the most disappointing meals she's had. Recommend Jane's brunch to people you hate!
#REVIEW#I got brunch at Jane with a couple of friends on a Sunday. Jane is a classic looking brunch place. They serve the typical brunch menu items such as eggs+. Portions are average. The cost is astronomical for what you get. Service was very nice, but s bit unresponsive. They seemed understaffed. The atmosphere is pretty average. There was a queue around 1130, but we made a reservation night before. Ordered:Beef steak hash - not bad, but small, very basic. Their jalapeño sauce was fantastic!Burger - very dry and underwhelming
#REVIEW#Not great value here. Nine pieces of tiny gnocchi for $17. Ouch, right? Here's the story:Ordered (via yelp delivery) the gnocchi and the Caesar salad. The gnocchi is AMAZING. Like SO GOOD, but the "small" dinner portion comes with exactly nine pieces of gnocchi. They are very, very small pieces (see photos). For $17 I expected more! SEVENTEEN DOLLARS. That should give you a whole meal, even if it's the "small" dinner portion.  Quite disappointed. Even though the gnocchi tasted amazing, I'm not sure I see myself ordering from this place again, and you should consider the price-value situation here before ordering. To me, the value just isn't there. Not really ever in the mood to light $17 on fire for a snack. The Caesar salad wasn't anything to write home about. Really. Very normal and meh.
#REVIEW#Perfect little dinner spot to come with your girlfriends and have a girls night out! Super intimate and cozy yet this open breathable feel to it, as well. I really liked the tall ceilings of this place and the lobster Mac and cheese! They're a must if you come here!
#REVIEW#I went to Jane with a couple of friends for lunch on a Saturday. Two of us had already eaten beforehand and one of us hadn't.  We ordered rosemary fries, Brussels sprouts, and a burger and fries. The Brussels were cooked to perfection, however they lacked in flavor. The fries were good(just fries), and from what my friend says she enjoyed her burger. We also had mimosas, one cocktail, and Bellinis.  The drinks were great.  Our server was great too. He was very attentive, witty, knowledgeable as far as the items on the menu.  The establishment is really nice inside, diverse patrons, great portions, and fairly priced.  I'd recommend it for sure.  You may need to make use of the salt and pepper provided on the table if you get the Brussels sprouts.  Just saying.
#REVIEW#A brunch place that takes reservations yay! Mediocre food not yay. I made a reservation for 11:15am and they seated us promptly once we both arrived. The restaurant is big and bright with lots of tables and a classier vibe. It was fairly full but there wasn't a line of people waiting which makes me think everyone was able to snag reservations or the walk-ins were seated quickly. I ordered the Farmhouse Popover which was filled with scrambled eggs with ham, onions, and cheese and came with a small side salad. The eggs were good - though nothing spectacular in terms of flavor or texture - it was just eggs. Also was not super impressed with the popover as well; it was extremely chewy and hard to eat with the eggs and got soggy pretty quickly into the meal. The salad was bitter and not personally to my taste.I am glad I tried this NYC brunch staple, but I will probably not return. While I liked the ambience the food left a lot to be desired and I left feeling unsatisfied.
#REVIEW#The best egg Benedict in nyc. Jane is famous to be an amazing brunch spot. Delicious food and very nice staffs. The wait can be ridiculous so do book on opentable ahead of time! They always have Benedict specials and sometimes they would have pulled pork on them. Their mimosas are also great!! Definitely go for the egg Benedict here!
#REVIEW#I had heard about Jane here and there and had been wanting to check it out so I was pretty excited when my friend suggested brunch here. We made reservations for 1230 on a Saturday, and I'm glad we did because the place was packed (as expected). We were seated quickly and the service was pretty good! For food, we split the Jane Benedict ($25) and Vanilla Bean French Toast ($21) Both dishes were pretty average tasting and for the price, I definitely expected more. The French toast was on the dry side and the benedict was served to us with one of the eggs fallen off the crab cake. Overall, I was pretty disappointed by the food here, especially for such high prices! With so many great brunch options in the city, I can't see myself coming back.
#REVIEW#Jane happened to be a great place for a relaxing weekday brunch. Exactly what I needed this Thursday afternoon. The restaurant was pretty empty and quiet at this time. But you might want to take into consideration that it's most likely buzzing on weekend brunch hours and reservations would be helpful then. I know they are known for their French toast, so this is most likely a safe order. As we were in the mode for something savory, we went ahead and ordered the salmon eggs benedict and the avocado sandwich. Both of the meals were decent brunch dishes.The eggs benedict were good but nothing special. I really enjoyed the avocado and goat cheese sandwich - great combination!  For the sandwiches you get to choose between a healthy side salad or if you feel like indulging you can get the rosemary fries...Overall this is a decent brunch spot, great location between Soho and Greenwish village. The service was super good and we enjoyed a relaxing weekday brunch. The food is good but nothing out of the ordinary. Tips - Monday - Friday is Happy Hour from 12pm - 6 pm. Wine $6, Beer $2 and Cocktails $8
