#NAME#Royal Grill Halal Food
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/royal-grill-halal-food-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#halal,foodtrucks,streetvendors#RATING#5.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#One of the best biriyani cart.Samosa is great. Veg friendly. Loads of quantity.Veg biriyani is amazing and delicious.Quick service and friendly person at the cart.
#REVIEW#They put their meat on the slow boilAnd keep it fresh so it won't spoilAnd whether you eat itOr insult it and beat itYou'll get your money's worth from RoyalI managed to run over to this halal cart which won a Vendy award recently - so I was expecting it to be spectacular... and it was good, but not spectacular.The service was friendly and the taste was nice but I think the main dropping off point was the rice. Salad was fresh but rice was a little bit stale and a little bit bland and compared to the spicy amazing rice that you get over at Sammy's Halal, I have to say that if they could improve their rice game, I would just about give them five stars.. and then if they could make their chicken taste as incredible as Biryani Cart or even as good as Sammy's Halal then I would give them six or seven stars - except that's not possible.Still a really good cart in a sea of Halal Carts but I was expecting a little bit better.
#REVIEW#Totally lives up to the 5 star hype!We got the lamb over rice and the chicken biriyani. The hot sauce and the white sauce were both delicious. The chicken was tender, and so well spiced! Delicious- every bite! Star of the meal though was the lamb over rice! Cooked to perfection. Since we visited on a Sunday evening, there was no line and hence hardly any wait time. The prices are very wallet friendly. Seriously! Especially for NYC. You cannot go wrong with this one!!
#REVIEW#It is still what it is, a halal cart. The food is better and fancier than average halal carts perhaps but offers not much to write home about. Not worth coming from afar for it because it has a 5-star rating. The portion was generous tho for $7. We had lamb and chicken tikka and liked the lamb rice much better because it's more flavorful. The chicken was just mediocre. The white sauce the guy put on my dish was so overwhelmingly too much.
#REVIEW#I decided to try them again and got the Chicken Tikka over rice .    The owner asked if I wanted spicy and I said yes.   It was spicy alright , I bit into a couple of chili's .  The platter was delicious, but still very oily compared to other carts .  You get big chunks  of chicken which no other carts does these days .
#REVIEW#I found the food to be good, but not my favorite halal experience. The chicken tikka was a nice change of pace from the more usual and traditional flavors. I found the lamb & chicken tikka over rice to be slightly salty and missing that 'wow' factor that I had been looking forward to after reading all the positive reviews.
#REVIEW#NY and street cart is a must.  The lamb over rice you can get anywhere, including Houston, we have gyro king and halal guys, so I wasn't interested in that.  When I saw chicken tikka masala over rice, I ran my happy ass over to this street cart.  Came for an early linner at 5pm, no line, and ordered my food.  I wish I could have ordered more options, as there was so many things to try!! I stuck with what I came for, and this had to be one of the best meals I've had during my trip! Fantastic flavors and for $6, in NY, I would have happily paid $8 for this plate!This food cart has to be in everyone's stop, as it will be mine anytime I visit NY!!
#REVIEW#Omg! One of the best halal plates I've ever had in my life. Beats halal guys by far in terms of flavor and taste! I got the lamb and chicken combo over rice. This is an absolute must get! The meats were flavorful and the sauces were amazing! Make sure to ask for all of the sauces (red, white and green). The rice was cooked to perfection and not dry. Service was quick and efficient. They have two carts that sit side by side. Don't be confused! They are the exact same vendor. Having two carts makes them run more efficiently and smoother! Highly recommend if you are looking for delicious and cheap street eats!
#REVIEW#Yeah, its good... damn good.Passed by on a Friday afternoon.  There was a slight lunch line even at 130pm. Ordered the chicken tikka and veggie briyani.  OMG they were both so tasty - very flavorful, very soul-warming & comforting food.  All street food needs to match this greatness!Price is VERY reasonable for the quantity and deliciousness!  I was also short of the total amount and the owner was nice about it!Don't blink as you might pass this cart!
#REVIEW#One of the best halal carts I've tried so far.I had the chicken tikka masala over rice. Chicken was very tender and the vibrant red marinade was so flavorful. Rice was spiced and complimented the chicken well.My friend had the lamb over rice and that was delicious too. The onions and spices really came out and almost made me regret not getting both.For the quantity and quality, 7 bucks for the platter was a fantastic value. Can't wait to go back and try the other menu items!
#REVIEW#"This place is even better than Halal Guys"Oh no he didn't. Those were BIG words coming from a friend and I don't take statements like that lightly. I reserve a special place in my stomach for Halal Guys so I had to go try this place out myself and see what was up with this place.Holy moly, their combo place is DELICIOUS! The meat came in actual pieces and not all chopped up so I could tell the chicken from the gyro. All the flavors melded together very well. Super dank sauces and now that I'm reading the reviews, there are other extra sauces that I can ask for?? Now I gotta go back. I have to. Despite initially portioning out half of the plate for my meal, ultimately, I finished all of it. Absolutely no regrets.I could tell the couple working there cared for their customers. Seems like he knew his regulars and would immediately ask them if they wanted their regular order as they walked up. They also have punch cards. This might become my regular lunch spot.
#REVIEW#This is my go-to spot for Halal when I am in midtown and I often find this place pretty comparable, if not BETTER than Halal Guys. Plenty of food and LOTS OF MEAT! They do not skimp out when it comes to making sure you get your money's worth. For $7 you can get a Chicken Tikka Masala & Lamb Combo platter ($6 if just one meat). The guy working there is super kind and friendly with asking what additions you want to your platter in terms of sauces. Haven't tried much else from the cart, but honestly the combo platter is all you need. There's a reason this place is a 5 star on Yelp - a must try!!
#REVIEW#Was in the area and decided to finally try this spot. I got the lamb and chicken over rice with salad and all 3 sauces. The edges of my lettuce were brown. I can't say this is the best halal I've had, honestly it was mediocre. The lamb was pretty tasty and that's all.
#REVIEW#I'm so glad that they won the Vendy Award 2018.  I knew they could do it. I always thought they were made the best Halal food and they went out there and proved it.For those who love the sauces, keep slattering it on, but I like their food without the white and hot sauces because he makes it delicious without it.  Laying down a heavy amount of sauce would make them similar to any other cart out there.  Taste their food, you'll love it.
#REVIEW#Great alternative to Halal Guys if you're near Times Square. I used to be an avid fan of Halal Guys until they became so popular that their service and quality has since declined. I've been searching for new chicken and rice and this one certainly makes it to the top of my list. The chefs are always friendly and eager to help. They have a wide variety of menu items besides your typical chicken and rice. I personally enjoy the chicken tikka masala.  What I like most is that their food ALWAYS has come out steaming hot, which is great on a cold day especially. Also, be sure to get a stamp card so that your 10th meal is free. I got mine and I feel like I'll definitely return.
#REVIEW#When something has five stars on Yelp with a substantial number of reviews, it's bound to have some high expectations. On top of that, the cart itself won a vendy award in 2018 apparently. That being said it's a solid halal cart option. I ordered the combo (lamb and chicken) over rice for $7. It was tasty but not the best I've had in terms of halal cart. The meat was good but the rice could have used a little extra flavor. I think Sammy's Halal cart on West 4th is the best out of all the halal carts I've tried. This place is a close second. I would definitely swing by if I'm in the area to try their other options.
#REVIEW#Place definitely hits the spot! I was hesitant on what to get... since they have Kati rolls, chicken/lamb over rice, curry goat, and biryani. The owner offered me a special: chicken/lamb biryani with curry sauce on top and some mango chutney. I don't know if the mango chutney is a regular of his but damn did it pack flavor. It was pickly and sweet and almost looked like a a jalapeño. Another special thing he added was this powdered crushed coriander mix. It added another flavor profile to my delicious halal food. I would say that this place ranks 2nd in NYC only to the halal place in Bay Ridge 5th ave.Cheers!
#REVIEW#Best halal I've ever had. Meat was perfect and Rice was amazing. Spices and sauces on point. Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#Lamb gyro is the best! Get price and great taste. Great little food truck worth walking a block from time square.
#REVIEW#Food is amazing! Best street food I have ever had buttttttt, he is not honest to pricing. Would've given 5 stars if he was kind enough to abide his own menu pricing.
