#NAME#Cafeteria
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafeteria-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch,cocktailbars#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#If you're looking for a reliable spot for comfort food and all-day brunch dishes, look no further! Cafeteria has been one of my go-to spots for all times of the day, whether it's 12 PM or 5 AM, and is my favorite 24/7 restaurant.Can you really say you were at Cafeteria without getting the Mac and Cheese Spring Rolls? Probably not - so definitely get them! I also got the Croissant French Toast during my last visit - would consider getting it again next time, too. Portion size for this one was a bit small, especially compared to the other dishes here!Wait times can get a bit long late at night, but usually it's not too bad during daylight hours.
#REVIEW#Been here a few times for breakfast and it has never disappointed. The classic american comfort food of 24 hour (dinner) aka cafeteria is amazing. Being able to have access to whatever you need or want at whatever time, feels great. The ambience is pretty simple and classic white. A pretty modern vibe where the resturant is half inside and half outside. Sitting outside under umbrellas while dining with your bff in a crowd Manhattan, is how to live your best life.  The waiters are agreeable, friendly and persistent in their conquer to make things better for you. The service is available and ready whenever you are. The food is simple, a comfort that works with your cravings. The only bad thing that has happened for me is that the jam on the crossiant didnt work so well with my stomach. Im giving this place a 3.5 despite the amazing review i just gave. I can only rate it in terms of the breakfast and havent had the chance of sampling otherwise. Despite, the one time the jam was weird for me, i still love the breakfast creations and the amazing butter. As, I try more from here, I'll change my review.
#REVIEW#Me and my boyfriend decided to go to cafeteria on a quiet Wednesday night at 1 in the morning to have drinks and dinner.But unfortunately the security in the front door said that sweatpants wasn't allowed. ( while it was a slim fitted Givenchy sweatpants ) so far from regular. Which is fine, we were gonna have a few drinks and a full course meal. Not our loss that they missed out on a $250 tab. We decided to go to "Employees Only" instead and our food was delicious and the drinks were bomb! And it was such a nice ambiance Cafeteria is extremely overrated, all the times we have visited, this will be our last.
#REVIEW#Had a wondrous cocktail, and enjoyed the Yellowfin Tuna Crudo VERY much!  Wasn't extremely hungry when we stopped in, so didn't feel like I could do a full entree justice.  My friend had the Shrimp & Grits, and was kind of enough to share a bite (or two...) and it was glorious.  Just LOVED the many and unusual offerings on the menu!  Wish I could come back many, many more times.
#REVIEW#This is absolutely the 100-percent best restaurant for breakfast and brunch in the country, never mind in New York City. Take friends there and they'll remember you forever. Try the lemon ricotta pancakes and you'll have a taste of the food in heaven.
#REVIEW#Came here last night for a private party.  Food excellent and workers were catering and extremely friendly.
#REVIEW#Our go to place in Chelsea. It's especially nice when the weather allows the garage doors to be up. The stars are the behind the scenes staff who walk around filling water, clearing, and generally smoothing out the service.Always get the Street Tacos. Their ginger shot is really good and spicy.
#REVIEW#This 5 star rating is solely based on food and drinks. I've been hearing bad news about management lately and people having to wait forever for a table- but honestly I think making a reservation would be your safest bet. My friends and I made one on Valentines's day and were immediately seated without any issues. You have to give the restaurant your credit card number because if you cancel/no-show they charge a $25 fee.Food here was fantastic and very large in quantity (no wonder drunk people come here after the bars) so it makes the pricing worth it. I got a standard burger with pepper jack cheese and onion toppings with a side of truffle fries. The fries were soo good- thin and crispy. Burger was properly cooked to my request- and super thick and juicy. My friends got the chicken and waffles and the veggie black bean burger- and they both loved their meals.If you come here, you MUST try any of the mac and cheeses. We got the sampler app which allows you to try all 3 flavors. The truffle was my absolute favorite- not as thick in terms of "cheesiness" compared to the other, but so well flavored. Not sure if I would be frequenting this place simply because eating here definitely was a blow to my wallet haha. But overall enjoyable and would recommend. Remember to make a reservation first before you do come here!
#REVIEW#It's been a good while since I've been to cafeteria and I still remember how good the food was ... always bright , open and airy this restaurant is a great got to on a nice sunny day ... their food and drinks are always delicious and the service always good ... I'll def be back so to try out some new dishes !
#REVIEW#S- Service was a 0, the waitress basically ignored us. Catering to neighboring tables and only came after we made contact. Did I mention she disappeared mid way through our experience. She didn't communicate at all with what was happening.T- Timing was a 2, the food was delivered LONG after our order, we noticed our table never received their courtesy bread their service overall did not make us feel welcome.A- Appearance of the venue was a 4, the orientation of the restaurant was nice and consistent. It had a modern style and artistic touch. Their interior decoration matched the classy vibe the restaurant gave off.  F- Food was a 4. They did not have the best of the best but a few highlights like their Fried Oreos and Mac & Cheese Spring Rolls are worth giving credit to. Overall I don't feel you would be disappointed with your food......whenever it finally arrives.F- Frequency ranked at a 1. The best thing this establishment has going is in fact their 24hr service. Otherwise don't bother, you can do without the cafeteria experience.Our STAFF rating gives this spot a disappointing 2.2
#REVIEW#Healthy food option. Liked the location and outside seating. Service was good. Had a reservation and was seated promptly. Name of restaurant very misleading. Cafeteria is an upscale  place with a downscale name and open 24/7.  Would go back again. Great place for a date or meet up with friends.  Location convenient and easy to walk to. The only thing keeping me from 5 stars would be if they added happy hour drinks and/or appetizers.
#REVIEW#Never disappointed when I come here. Always amazing service and food. The drink was great and had a bit of a kick to it.
#REVIEW#This place was definitely on my to-go list for quite some time. It's actually a block away from my sons school so I decided to give this place a try this morning.This place definitely catches most daily commuters eyes since it's on 7th Avenue as well as have outside seating. Also the food presentation looks very nice every time I pass by on a hot day and see people eating outside.I ordered the waffles which comes with a cinnamon whipped cream on top with fruit toppings and side of the syrup. The waffles were really good and the whipped cream itself was so good you probably don't even need to use the syrup. Although I had to try the syrup was well, I don't know if it's homemade but the syrup itself was very good and not too sweet.I also decided to try the ham steak. Honestly I thought this would be plain but the ham was very tasty not too salty it was grilled to perfection.Reason why I give this place 4 stars is, I felt the service could have been a lot better in my opinion. It wasn't bad by any means, but I had to wait a while  before anyone came to take my order. Even after I placed my order it took awhile to get water. I might update my review on my second visit. This place is a great place for a family brunch on the weekend.
#REVIEW#Walking into Cafeteria I had reservations because I have heard a few things that weren't all too pleasant. After having breakfast there today I'm a little bit annoyed at why I stayed away because honestly I enjoyed everything today. We started off with sparkling water that I've never heard of. It's called Llanllyr. It's from Whales. It was very carbonated and fresh. Now for the food!!Lemon ricotta pancakes Truffle eggsMaple smoked bacon Fresh fruitFresh squeezed orange juice CoffeeThe pancakes wee absolutely delicious. It had mascarpone crepe on top with fresh blueberries. I had to ask for more maple syrup but that's no biggie. The truffle eggs looked amazing. It was on top of a thick piece of toasted french bread and a small mixed green salad. Bacon was delicious. The fruit I was to keen on. The strawberries weren't ripe. OJ was good. Coffee however wasn't very good. Juan (our waiter) was very sweet and nice.All in all pretty much everything was really nice. I will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#We were shocked to get seated here on a Sunday with no wait. The servers were polite and attentive. The atmosphere was clean and bright. It was a little cold but on a warm day, they have roll up windows to open most of the restaurant to the outside which could be quite nice. The food was good. Nothing I'm getting on the phone to tell my friends about but if we're in the area and craving a bite, I'd definitely return. The menu was also varied enough to accommodate everyone. Dairy free, gluten free, vegan... you can find something here.
#REVIEW#I've walked by this place a million times and it always seems packed! Even at 5:30 on a Sunday, almost every table was taken. I decided to get the crispy calamari salad because I had my eye on a large dessert on the dessert menu. The salad was a good size and the calamari was very crispy, exactly the way I like it! I had to order the white chocolate cherry bread pudding, and was not disappointed. YUM!
#REVIEW#We go a lot, live up the block. The breakfast sandwiches were not good. The waitstaff could care less. Had to get up and ask for everything.  It wasn't busy so what happened. The cute male server from another section saved the day. Thank you. We'll go back, but get your sh$t together  -seriously. PS - the host was everything! Fashion divo.
#REVIEW#Terrible service experience. I've been coming to this place for year but all of a sudden, the staff is pretentious, un-attentive, and judging. Wouldn't let my friend in because of his pants...Won't be coming back.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Sunday night and it was nice and quiet which we liked.  Ordered a few sides and entrees to share which all came out hot and fresh.  I tried the branzino for the first time and LOVED it. So well-prepared!  It was well-cooked and like it had just come out of the pan.  The sautéed spinach side was also delicious along with chick pea fries and deviled eggs.  I got a dessert to go (red velvet cake) because I was so full, but devoured that too :) Looking forward to trying out some of their daily specials and all-day breakfast items.
#REVIEW#One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had in a NYC restaurant. Firstly, the staff is pretentious and entitled, including the overweight bouncers. Service is slow and the waiters are inattentive. While the food is decent for what it is, they enforce a dress code during certain hours, so if you plan on being confortable while you eat don't come here. You better wear slacks and dress shoes to eat a burger! I've been up some pretentious and uppity restaurants in my day, but they are usually 4-stars and the food is exceptional. This is upgraded dinner food that's overpriced and not that good, but I really wanted tomato soup and I didn't have many options. This is the last time I'll ever go to this restaurant.Save your money for a place that doesn't take itself too seriously. This is not a high-end restaurant by any means, no matter how much they want to think it is.
