#NAME#Sweet Moment
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sweet-moment-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#coffee,icecream,waffles#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Milk shaved ice cream! That is the one thing you should try from here. I never liked shaved ice till I tried it here. I went with melon milk shaved ice. It had real melon, shaved ice and other goodies like gummy pieces and wafer stick. Overall that was the best shaved ice I ever had.I also tried the taro latte. Surprisingly it was only available in cold version. And it was not sweet. It was ok. It had a nice art drawn on top. But I would say you can skip this.
#REVIEW#A rare instance where an Instagram worthy shop has food that might be more delicious than it is beautiful. Sweet Moment has beautiful modern rustic decor with variations of couches, stools, and high chairs, making it seem very open and spacious. It is a bit dark due to the dim lighting and dark wood colours, which may make it seem dirty, as other reviewers had mentioned, but I can confirm that it is fairly clean. Fair warning that everything is pricey, but it's good quality and also in Manhattan.Bingsoo shaved ice should be your primary goal coming here. The ice is unlike traditional shaved ices where it is only composed of water, and also unlike the shaved cream of Snowdays where ice cream blocks are shaved. Instead, it's a creamy ice made of milk and sugar that's slightly most compactable and melts in your mouth quickly. Something that can easily stand alone without other ingredients.The mango cheesecake is sure to please with fresh mangoes(can't vouch for times when mango is out of season, though). The cheesecake takes form in little chopped bits on the side, which seemed like an afterthought because it didn't contribute much to the overall dish, but more is better, so I won't complain.The watermelon and melon bingsoos are good, but I feel like the fruit takes up real estate so that you have less ice, but if fruit is what you want, that's what you get. Sweet Potato with Taro bingsoo is a hit or miss, depending if you're a fan of the ube/sweet potato craze. If it's not something that you like or have experienced before, the flavour may not be for you.Skip the iced -ade's (ex. mango-ade, lemonade). It's just syrup+seltzer, which is in no way worth $5. For the pictures, large bingsoo are what you want to go for - the smaller size is served in a plastic cup with much less flair. Or grab a cup of cream art drink(Choco, Matcha, Red Velvet, Taro, or Thai) in your choice of coffee or milk tea.
#REVIEW#3.5While the regular milk lattes look cute, something's a bit off with their espresso; it's as if it was a really lightly roasted that didn't give off a strong coffee flavor. Couple the fact that my soy latte looked like a mess.. Excluding the soy latte, this is a quaint little place that's a nice break from the busy streets around Chinatown. The owners were also really polite and apologetic when they double charged my card.So if you're not in the area for pure coffee, this is one nice place you could stop by when you're around.
#REVIEW#Came to this place late at night on memorial day weekend not long before they closed.The inside has a rustic look, which in my opinion doesn't work with this kind of establishment and their layout of seating. The rustic look kinda makes the place look a bit dirty. The overall inside space is big but again the front seating area is crowded and weird. The seating in the back is better and a bit more comfortable as it's a cushioned couch.I initially wanted to get the watermelon bingso but it was unfortunately out. The next best option to me was the melon bingso. The pricing for it I felt mixed cause it was $19 and didn't know exactly what I was getting. This is a novelty dessert.My friend and I waited a few minutes for this thing to be made. When they called our name, I picked up melon bingso and was pretty amazed at how well they put this thing together. At the top is a macaroon stuck in a scoop of bubblegum ice cream, balls of melon around the shaved ice mixed with ice cream and jellies, with a small plastic cup of condensed milk. The melon bingso tasted great and was more than enough to easily feed 3-4 people but finished it between my friend and I.
#REVIEW#Wanted to like this place. Cute interior, but poor customer service and average drinks.
#REVIEW#What a fun, fun place! My first time having bingsoo, a shaved ice cream that truly melts right in your mouth! The presentation of the different bingsoo is very unique and beautifully crafted. They also have milk tea with a variety of unique flavors: taro, matcha, etc. Though the milk tea was not for me, the presentation of such was also quite beautiful and intricately done. See photo!
#REVIEW#Lately, I've been skeptical about "Instagrammable" desserts. I've had many desserts that looked good, but didn't taste so good. This is one of the few places where the desserts look as good as they taste.Taro Creamart- Yes, it's a small cup, but I think it's worth it. They ask if you want milk tea or coffee, I asked for milk tea. The artwork was so adorable, and it tasted good too. I'm usually not a fan of strong taro taste, but this was light and tasty. Don't forget to stir in the cream before drinking! ($5)Melon Shaved Ice- Wow, this was one of the best desserts I've ever had. It was a very generous portion size. I love that it was the perfect amount of sweetness, not too sweet. The shaved ice was so delicate and smooth with a light honeydew taste. While eating it, I found some nice surprises, like jelly and mochi. The honeydew balls were a bit too cold for my sensitive teeth, but they were perfectly ripe. ($8)This place is not just for looks!
#REVIEW#After seeing a buzzfeed video of this location, I had to just go there and try it myself. When you first walk in there's a bench and the name of the store, perfect for photos. Do know that this location is all about cute photo worthy items. That's we did for a good thirty mins. We ordered their cream art drinks. Those are a cold drink with a milk foam top. Depending on what color the milk foam is it is the flavor. I got the matcha drink with a milk tea base. They have some really cute drawings on top of it. To share we ordered a large bing soo. We got the watermelon one. It is a seasonal order, as long as the watermelon is in season it will be available. They serve these type of dessert, with shaved ice, a layer of mochi and jelly, watermelon balls, and cotton candy ice cream.Very refreshing and I can see why it gets so busy here during the weekend. If possible I recommend coming here during the week.
#REVIEW#What a gem of a dessert place in Chinatown. My boyfriend and I LOVED the melon parfait. It was so delicious and refreshing on a hot summer's day. We only ordered the milk teas because they looked so cute however don't be fooled. They did not taste as good as they looked. For $5.50 a cup, it was not worth it. We would definitely come back again for the melon parfait (tastes like green melonas from hmart). Basically heaven in a cup. Ambience: 4/5Price: 3/5 Food: 4/5
#REVIEW#I had no idea that Caffe Bene had closed and was now Sweet Moment. My mom told me about it after she had visited with some friends for a post-dinner treat. She also picked me up a chicken avocado salad waffle one night and I thought it was super tasty. The chicken was very juicy and I really liked that they mashed the avocado into the salad instead of just layering some sliced avocado on top. I finally stepped in to try one of their cute lattes on a Tuesday afternoon. I had their Thai tea cold latte and it was SO cute!! Very Instagramable! It was pretty good, very thick and creamy. I am knocking off one star for the lackluster service at the counter. Barista was not very friendly when he came over to take our order. He seemed annoyed that we were there - forcing him to stop chatting with his friends who were hanging out by the other end of the counter. There was another barista who actually made our drinks and she was much nicer.
#REVIEW#Wanted to see what all the hype was about so I stopped by here when I was close-by. Inside is a nice, small and cozy space bustling with customers. I barely managed to find a seat and then went up to order one of the famous latte art drinks. Unfortunately, they didn't have non-dairy options so I ended up just getting a regular taro latte with almond milk. It was nice and sweet and I was able to get some work done.If you're looking for a quiet place to study though, this isn't the place. It's a good place to come with friends to grab a latte and catch up though! :)
#REVIEW#I really liked sweet moment the last time I came, but I didn't really like the watermelon bingsoo that I tried this time. I was really excited for it because the pictures looked super cute on yelp and I love watermelon, but I only really liked the watermelon itself. The ice cream flavor was a bit weird and the green syrup also tasted super artificial. Overall, the flavors tasted pretty fake and it was too sweet. They also ran out of the watermelon shell so we just got it in a regular bowl which was a bit disappointing. I still liked everything else I tried at sweet moment which is why I'm giving them 3 stars still. I would recommend stopping in for a nice dessert, especially since it's more spacious and has more seating than other places in the area. However, if you're not a fan of super sweet or artificial flavors, I wouldn't get the watermelon bingsoo.
#REVIEW#Taro latte was perfect. Could taste the taro, it was not overpowered by the sugar or milk. The tiramisu bingsoo was surprisingly delicious. The ratio between the tiramisu and shaved ice was well balanced. Sometimes it can be difficult to find seatings. Large crowds may not be suitable. However, the setting is nicely decorated and cozy.
#REVIEW#I was just in NYC for the weekend and all I wanted was shaved ice Taiwanese style. My bf was probably fed up with me but this was our third shaved iced place. It was also my favorite. I can't exactly say this is Taiwanese style but it was delicious. We ordered the large purple potato shaved ice and it was probably too much for both of us. It was very pretty and instagram-able much like the whole restaurant. There were layers of sweet potato shaved ice and a milky one between it. I initially didn't think it was shaved ice because it was so soft and smooth. There was a nice crunch layer of sweet potato chips which added a nice texture to the dish. Lastly it was topped with mint and sweet potato purée. It was a straight potato purée and I loved it. The dish wasn't too sweet and was served with condensed milk to make it sweeter. They have other cute drinks but I would come back for shaved ice. It's not cheap but what's cheap in nyc?
#REVIEW#This review is for the chocolate bear that can be drawn on iced drinks. It's actually cutest thing I've ever seen. The milk tea is delicious as well. I love finding little shops that spice up your beverages and who doesn't love an adorable photo to go along with it.#picsoritdidnthappen
#REVIEW#This place has good refreshing shave ice. We were hot from walking around china town and it really helped to cool us down. We ordered the large watermelon and regular mango. The kids were thirsty so ordered a couple of the ice ades. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the ice ades weren't very good. They tasted like flavored Sprite and the price is a little bit high. I think they charge almost $10 for a regular shaved ice and $19 for a large.
#REVIEW#Not sure why reviews are so good. This place has nothing special, just overpriced everything. $8 for a cup of mango "cheesecake" which was not bad but was not good either. The salmon and avocado waffle was not tasty at all. They put the tiny piece of salmon on the huge waffle. No, thank you. I would not come back. Also place is pretty dirty, not a pleasant place to spend time. I think there are way better places around for the same price. In my cheesecake there was mostly shaved ice which is way too expensive for shaved ice. Also the wait is very long. They take forever to call you for food. For those money and you have to bring food to your table and drop dirty plates. I understand McDonalds does it, they have $1 menu. They are cheap place. This place have to have person cleaning tables and removing dirty plates. Overpriced!
#REVIEW#A cozy location that is suitable for catching up/chatting with friends, studying or simply to enjoy their desserts or drinks. Very cutesy and creative latte menu with a unique flavors like taro and red velvet. Sadly it can only be made as either a cold flavor latte or milk tea . The art on it was truly adorable and the favor for the taro milk tea I order was quite interesting. I wouldn't say I would order it again but it was definitely worth the try.They have a lot shaved ice in different sizes. The honey dew shaved ice(Melon Bingsoo) was just okay but I like how they have other flavor varieties. I also liked their chicken avocado salad waffle (forgot it's specific name). It was a good combination and it's great when you are hungry and weren't wanting something sweet.Overall I personally like Sweet Moments and I'm around the Chinatown, it's one of my go to.
#REVIEW#My fiancé and I have tried over 10 dessert places in NYC and this is my favorite by far. My favorite is their mango cheesecake bingsoo but I've tried their waffles (delicious and fluffy), their melon bingsoo, tiramisu bingsoo, Nutella bingsoos, and chocolate bingsoos. It's worth the trek over to Chinatown.Only thing is that they tend to close earlier than advertised. Don't come after 9:20 because the staff gets a little standoffish.
#REVIEW#I freaking love Sweet Moment. I may have one of New York City's worst sweet tooths, and it's been a minute since I've tried a new-to-me dessert spot that has really impressed me - the bar is so high in NYC! Sweet Moment really took me by surprise. It's Instagrammable food that actually tastes as good if not better than it looks. My friend and I walked in around 9pm on a Friday night, and it was surprisingly busy for such a spacious spot. It took a solid ~10-15 minutes before our first item was ready. In my opinion, the names of the different items on the menu do not do the desserts any justice - they seem so unassuming. We opted for a large melon bingsoo and the nutella banana waffle (they ran out of the watermelon bingsoo when we went). My friend LOVED the nutella banana waffle, and I absolutely died over the melon bingsoon. The portion sizes were insane, so we definitely overordered, but I regret nothing. I felt moderately "healthy" since the melon bingsoo came with quite a bit of actual melon. The shaved ice part was SO smooth and SO creamy, truly the best I've ever had. I thought the ice cream scoop on top was passable - it tasted kind of like cotton candy?I saw someone order the Ice Cream Deluxe Waffle, and it looked so bomb...I will definitely be coming back for it. FYI, no free wifi Friday-Sunday. They got tables to turn.
