#NAME#La Lanterna Di Vittorio
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/la-lanterna-di-vittorio-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,cafes,icecream#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is by far my wife and I favorite restaurant. The food,amazing. Decor, beautiful. Ambient, welcoming and warm. People, if ever in the neighborhood. Do yourself the favor and stop by and visit the back garden.
#REVIEW#A hidden gem in the West Village with amazing pizzas and fantastic staff!  Our party was late for a reservation but the staff was great about accomodating us.  There is plenty of seating throughout in the front, garden, or downstairs.  The downstairs is definitely more quiet and you get the added benefit of live jazz from the club next door!  The pizzas here are great - most are around $16.50 and a single pie is definitely enough for 2.  I do recommend going with a small group so that you get to try more varieties!Some highlights:1.  Quattro Formaggi: Slightly thicker crust with gorgonzola, goat cheese, Fontina, Mozzarella & olives with pits.  This was creamy and savory albeit a bit on the oil side from the extra cheese.  One of our favs!2.  Boscaiola: Great thin crust with roasted wild mushrooms, mozzarella, tomato sauce, and hints of garlic and red pepper.  Savory with a hint of sweetness and spice.  The roasted mushrooms are a nice step-up vs plain, sliced mushrooms.3.  Pesto e Caprino: FANTASTIC pesto with ricotta, goat cheese, mozzarella, pine puts, and added truffle oil.  Definitely recommend getting the truffle oil for an extra $3.We finished every last crumb and happily rolled each other out - we are getting full but the pizzas were great so we polished off everything!Honestly, this is a MUST-try in the West Village for both the ambiance/service and the food.  It gets super-packed on the weekends and at night but there are many rooms and the team here is GREAT about making sure they make room for you!
#REVIEW#Very solid Italian restaurant in the heart of west village for affordable salads and sandwiches. I was a little surprised that they didn't really have many pasta options on the menu which I should have looked at prior to my visit. My favorite thing about this spot is their garden seating because it's perfect for the summer. It allows you to feel like you're outside without the crazy heat. However, it's a little gross that they had flies flying around their fountain/water area.
#REVIEW#Went here for dinner and the service is great ! I love the garden seating and the food was awesome ! The price tag is decent and reasonable and the quantity was  a lot !  I would keep coming here for the pizza and the paninis ! The hot coco I ordered was great also! 10/10 would keep coming here
#REVIEW#This restaurant is beautiful, especially when you get to the back area - it's breathtakingly romantic. However, service is so MIA and lazy, and the food was underwhelming. The most annoying thing was that we literally had to get up and physically track down the waiter multiple times. They're never around! How annoying and time-consuming. Also, the salmon and tuna carpacci trays were delicious, but you get miniscule portions, like three slices. I mean, it's laughable. The mushroom pizza was truly nothing special and some of the slices barely even had mushrooms. You can get better pizza at Joe's across the street. The flan and ice cream were good, but how can one mess up dessert? They do sing for you if it's your birthday, so there's that. It is a classic Italian restaurant with so much potential, but there are some improvements to be made.
#REVIEW#I have been here several times. This review reflects a late night snack after a show. The restaurant is dark, dim, and beautiful. Open late. I always feel like I stepped back in time to classic 1950's nostalgia, Frank Sinatra style where class and elegance was in fashion. There are cute tables along the wall as well as a larger "outdoor" patio which is gorgeous. Great service and a menu with variety, this is true Italian at its best.
#REVIEW#We had fewer people show up for our reservation and La Lanterna was really accommodating. It's a pretty spacious restaurant, with a main floor, another floor downstairs, and an outdoor patio. The patio is really cute and quaint, with large lamps lighting the area. I thought the food was decent. The pizza was okay and I was surprised there weren't pasta dishes, even though the menu was extremely extensive. They did have a few lasagnas and the bolognese one was good.
#REVIEW#Wonderful lunch/dinner spot for anyone who is into Italian food or just looking for a fulfilling meal. Great place to get together with your friends or go on a date. It's affordable and delicious. The wait staff was really easy going and helpful with recommendations. My cousins and I came here for a small birthday celebration. We reserved a table for 5:30 on Monday. Around 6:30, the back area of the restaurant "the greenhouse" was packed. It has a cool garden area feel and colorful lamps. The decor is really interesting here. The menu is quite overwhelming with so many options to choose from. For appetizers, we ordered the Bruschette: Peperoni Rossi con Caprino. The waiter said "they call this "peasant bread." It was topped with marinated grilled peppers and goat cheese. The goat cheese overpowered the whole dish, but it was still really good. Along with this Bruschette, we also ordered the Pomodoro E Basilico. My cousin said the bread was a tad soggy from all the Tomato Basil and olive oil, but I thought it was fine. We also ordered the Three-Cheese Course which comes with baked focaccia crisps. The three cheeses we chose were Cheddar, Manchego, Chevre Rondin. The Chevre Rondin was my favorite.. I've become a huge fan of goat cheese after coming here. For entrees, we ordered two pies: Pizza Margherita (regular pizza). We also ordered Lasagna Al Pesto and Lasagna Quattro Formaggi along with a panini: Tacchino Affumicato & Prosciutto Arrostito. The panini was very filling and it would make for either a nice lunch or dinner. The Lasagna was very well made. The four kinds of cheese in Lasagna Quattro Formaggi was very filling and perfect for a cheese lover.  Overall, I would definitely come back for lunch or dinner.
#REVIEW#Only one other Yelp reviewer from 2014 has actually mentioned CRAZY RICH ASIANS!I found out about this place after reading CRAZY RICH ASIANS. This is the restaurant where Rachel and Nick first met before they started dating. The book described this place as a quaint spot nestled in the Village. My friends and I had to check it out. And, it is now one of my favorite casual Italian places to go to in the Village. The menu is extensive (e.g. pastas, pizza, desserts, paninis, wine, salads, etc.)- there is something for everyone. The portions are big, so the plates are great for sharing. And, the prices are affordable. The ambience is really nice whether you're going there for a casual middle-of-the-day coffee/dessert pick-me-up or a romantic night out with the boo. There is a covered terrace at the back of the restaurant which feels like a nice oasis away from the bustling noise of the city. There's also the main bistro area and a lower-level seating area. My only qualm is that the service can be a hit or miss. Sometimes I've had a really awesome server and other times just plain slow and incompetent. But, the food and ambience always brings me back.
#REVIEW#La Lanterna---you have stolen my heart! I am officially in love with you.My friend recommended all the places we visited last night and La Lanterna (our chosen place for dinner) hit a home run in our opinion.Extremely cute trattoria-like restaurant, La Lanterna will allow you to have an incredible dining experience. Here's why:The ambiance is adorable--we were lucky to get seating in their enclosed garden; however, seating was also available in the main dining room area, also very comfy with a fireplace. Service was attentive and the food--was absolutely amazing. Just what we were looking for with prices very reasonable.Once sat, we were given menus which resembled something you'd find in a diner in terms of size--massive with endless pages. My head was spinning as I attempted to browse.Their menu essentially consisted of soups, salads, paninis, pizza, calzones, lasagna, cheese/meat plates (create your own with their vast selection of both) but that's all you need as the list for each category was lengthy.Then there was the dessert & drink section. I cannot even describe as there was so much to view: coffee (all varieties, hot//cold, straight or with alcohol), cocktails (too many to even attempt to make a decision), wine (dessert and those suitable for a meal), martinis---creations you haven't even tried or heard of. And the dessert category? ---way too many to choose from.For us, we decided to share two pizzas. At 12" (about 6 slices), this was sufficient and filling for the 4 of us. I must have had 4 slices myself. We chose a mushroom and margarita style. Both delicious. Both made just right--thin crust but didn't flop over, ample toppings and overall-very good.My friend started with a sweet potato soup before the pizza arrived and she gave it 2 thumbs up. We each selected different drinks with our meal and ultimately finished by sharing a tiramisu--perfect size and pleasing to the taste buds. I accompanied the tiramisu with a delicious mulled wine!With over 1000 reviews and a solid 4 star rating, La Lanterna is doing something right. Check it out for yourself to see why.I am returning sooner than later.
#REVIEW#Omg this place has like the most amazing ambience! Their outdoor garden seating with large colorful lanterns, cast iron tables and wall climbing vines is so cool! It is perfect for groups or for date nights. Their dinner and drinks menu is extensive! Like pages and pages of drinks - wines, cocktails, beer and non-alcoholic beverages! Their hot chocolate is to die for if you like it dark and creamy - just delicious! We had the Pesto Lasagna and the red pepper Bruschetta - both were good but nothing out if this world. I wasn't blown away by the food as much as I was by the ambience so 4 stars just for that and the hot chocolate. I would still definitely recommend this place for dinner especially during summers just to experience the magical environment.
#REVIEW#If there's a school of magic that deals in pastry and pizza and coffee then the Lantern is probably where the best witches congregate. The menu reads like a spellbook, convoluted but in a way that you want everything.   It's dark and loud and small and cramped and I want to spend a lot of time here.
#REVIEW#Favorite dinner spot in NYC.  My wife and I brought our youngest son.  Ordered the meet and cheese tray.  Prosciutto was the best I had in the states.  Pizza and bolognese lasagna are the best.  Bottle of Pinot must be from Italy as I had no hangover.Service always timely and really friendly.  Great place for two or four people.  Call ahead if you have 5 or more people.This place is a must!
#REVIEW#Such a special restaurant. It's a little cramped downstairs but I think that adds to the intimacy. I ordered the pizza con cipolla e caprino and it was SO delicious. Very fresh and very interesting combination of flavors. Highly recommend before comedy cellar!
#REVIEW#The atmosphere here is great and was definitely the highlight for us. We found the service to be mixed, we had about 4 servers it seemed over the course of our meal, some were great, others, not so much.We got both their Lasagna Bolognese and their Lasagna Pesto which were decent, but the sheets of pasta were way overcooked in my opinion. We also got a couple of coffee cocktails which they seem to be known for, but they were not much to write home about.Despite us not being crazy about anything we consumed here, I would come back and try some other of their offerings.
#REVIEW#The pizza was on the thinner side with the perfect amount of crunch. It was delicious and prosciutto made it even better. I also got the calzone which was massive. It was loaded with plenty of cheese, and the crust for this was so big it was almost like eating an entire garlic knot. Overall, the food is delicious and I would recommend it. The area near the entrance is a cozy, homey area with a fireplace and the area in the back is a decorative greenhouse which I thought was interesting. There's another section downstairs where it's also dim-lit and cozy, and there's live jazz here at night. The one point that bothered me was that our waitress just seemed really distressed the whole time...
#REVIEW#This place has what might just be the best lasagna I've ever had! I'm not normally a big lasagna person but gave it a go since it appears to be one of their specialties. The bolognese sauce was delish and cleverly served in a serving pot that kept it piping hot until it was finished. The pizza here was also very good and there are TONS of options. Think Neapolitan pizza meets the beloved New York crust. Oh, and last but CERTAINLY not least, the cheesecake is also a wonderful. Fluffy and sweet. Service was impeccable, didn't have to wait to get a table, and the ambiance is lovelier than pictures can do justice. Great spot for a date and some damn good Italian food, in a neighborhood that is certainly not lacking alternatives. Can't wait to go back!
#REVIEW#This place was recommended to me, and I will keep on with the recommending! First off, there are a few factors that I could see being a downfall, but if you don't mind and or are prepared for them, rock on! The place is two stories, with several small tables in the front, as well as a garden area that is ADORABLE, but also set up with small tables. We had a merger party, which would have been uncomfortable for all to be seated there. Everything is crowded, but in that close "we're all going to be friends after this is over" not the uncomfortable kind. The lower level is cute. It is crowded, and the ceilings are low, the tables upon tables. It makes for a bit of a loud time, but again, I prefer the courses bustle of NYC restaurants and none of this bothers me. They had slotted off a corner table mixed with chars and a large banquette, and it was very comfortable. We ordered several orders of bruschetta to start, which were large and great for sharing. Incredibly tasty and flavorful, the bread had just the right amount of crisp and was very balanced. We ordered several bottles of wine, a merlot which was good, but the Valpolicella was a standout and highly recommended. We ordered a few pizzas for the table to share, which were absolutely delicious (the pesto was excellent and  we kept reordering that one.) we also got a calzone, which took a while but was well worth the wait. Service was good, our server was engaging, helpful and funny, although i believe slightly overwhelmed as it was packed. Since we were in no rush, this was no bother. Afterwards we enjoyed a delicious chocolate shot, which was on the house for my birthday.No less than five people said thank you and come again on our way out. Very kind employees. All in all, great food, bustling energetic atmosphere, and Od love to return for a garden dinner to taste test more of the menu. Very reasonably priced and great for a night out!
#REVIEW#Came here with a friend for early dinner. we arrived at about 7 and were seated in the garden immediately. I would highly recommend the garden and I would sit by the fountain if possible. Look on the ground in case theres water. The ambiance is lovely, the big lamps steal the show of course and the garden area offers a warm and inviting space without being cramped, since there are skylights and the seating is well thought out.The food was delicious! we tried the pizza and it tasted really authentic, the sauce was incredible and the crust was thin and the right mix of crispy and doughy. I also tried the mulled wine which was incredible, I highly recommend. The portions were large too and while the food is relatively simple- paninis, platters of meat and cheese, pizza and lasagne- its all really well prepared, keeping flavor and authenticity in mind. I will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Great Italian spot for everything! Not to mention the best lasagna in town, as everyone mentioned already, their dessert is amazing! Tiramisu was tasty, not too saggy or crunchy, right on the texture. Amaretto crunch gelato was not my type but my sis love it!It was quite crowded on a Wednesday night. But we were seated quite fast at the bar area. Then it started pouring lol Smart decision by me :) Inside the atmosphere is quite intimate and beautiful with music in the air.
