#NAME#Katz's Delicatessen
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/katzs-delicatessen-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#delis,sandwiches,catering#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Katz is extremely delicious! The pastrami doesn't even taste like your typical pastrami it's so fresh and seriously falls apart as you eat it.When you enter, you are given a ticket to enter and must be used to pay as you exit. Even if you share something and don't order anything, you must present your ticket or you will be charged a lost ticket fee.I ordered a pastrami sandwich and completely finished it because it was so delicious. I don't even like mustard but the mustard on these sandwiches is so good and gives it such a delicious flavor!I'm from California and went to vacation in New York. I'm seriously heart broken with then fact that I will be some time before I'm able to go to this delicious restaurant. Seriously on my list for the 5 best spots I've ever been!!!
#REVIEW#Yes, that hot pastrami is money in the bank.No, you should never pay $23.95 for a sandwich of anything, anywhere in the world.  Katz's is good, but ain't nothing THAT good!
#REVIEW#I came to this iconic restaurant many years ago and decided that it was time to come back again for their famous pastrami sandwich. The line was out the door but they seem to have an efficient process in place. Once you are inside, you will be handed a ticket. Make sure you do not lose this ticket whether you are ordering anything yourself or just sharing with someone else because they will charge you for the lost ticket. My pastrami sandwich was loaded with freshly cut pieces of pastrami and a layer of swiss cheese. Yes, it is expensive at ~$25 a sandwich but half is enough to fill you up so you can definitely share it with someone. The pastrami is delicious with the perfect amount of fat inside so the meat isn't too dry. This establishment is definitely worth a visit!
#REVIEW#I was dubious of how a simple sandwich would warrant $25 but boy was I proven wrong. Simple in concept but delicious in execution. I'd highly recommend the pastrami !!Here's a little review on how it's set up once you walk inside because I know I was confused:1. Walk in. You'll be handed a ticket once you walk in. DO NOT LOSE THAT! There are multiple lines to order food, get in any of those lines 2. Get your food, find a table, eat3. If using cash- As you exit, you give the person at the door your ticket and pay. If using card- pay at the back then leave and give the person at your door the ticketEVEN IF YOU DID NOT ORDER FOOD YOU STILL NEED TO GIVE THE TICKET WHEN YOU LEAVE SO DO NOT LOSE IT.
#REVIEW#This is the most expensive sandwich I have ever purchased in my two and a half decades of existence.When you enter you can either 1) grab a ticket, place your order with the "cutter", and return your marked off ticket to the cashier where you pay upon exiting, or 2) grab a table on the left side for waiter service. If you go for option #1, make sure you don't lose your ticket or you'll get charged $50 and try and line-up on the left side starting at #7 as the line tends to be shorter and goes faster. I ordered the Pastrami. Note that the sandwich only comes with rye bread, pastrami, pickles and sauce. Any extras (like lettuce, tomatoes, onions, on club bread, etc.) is going to cost you. I definitely had sticker shock upon seeing this as it's hard enough to justify a $25 price tag for any sort of sandwich anywhere in the US, but seeing the freshly made pastrami made it better. You can literally watch them pull out a HUGE piece of pastrami and watch as they hand carve it into a sandwich. The pastrami was tender and moist, and easily the highlight of the sandwich.The generous portions of freshly carved pastrami and the cultural history behind Katz brought me in to give it a shot, but the long wait and overall expensive price tag prevent me from being a repeat customer. Katz's has become a tourist trap (probably long before I ever stepped foot inside), and while the pastrami was mouth watering delicious, the $25 price tag for one sandwich makes this place a place you go to check it off your bucket list and that's about it.
#REVIEW#Wow this place is amazing. I would eat here every week if I lived in the city. A little on the expensive end, but I'll eat a cup of noodles if it means getting this more often.When I went I opted for the Reuben on rye. I'm not sure if that was a faux-pas or not for my first time, but it was amazing. I panicked when asked if I wanted both half sours and full sours. I feel confident now putting my flag in the ground: half sours are a mistake. Full sours all the way. Give me a tasty pickle or a cucumber, and not some bastardization that's neither. But yeah, dope sandwiches, interesting experience. Don't lose your ticket!
#REVIEW#Everyone knows about this place and we heard a ton about this place. We stumbled upon this place after having some bagels over at Russ & Daughters. As soon as we got in, it felt like we were entering a club haha. There was a ton a people, so finding out where to line-up and stand was a little hectic. But, there were people directing you where to go. The line didn't take too long and we were also given some samples to try the delicious pastrami that they served.I would say that the pastrami sandwich we had was very very good. For the price you pay for the size of the sandwich, I would say its not really worth it. You are paying about $25 for a small sized pastrami sandwich. The meat was really tender and delicious, but, in my opinion, it was not worth the price. Overall, I really liked the décor and environment of Katz. I had a great experience here and would definitely be back!
#REVIEW#PURCHASED: Brisket on Rye ($24) + swizz cheese ($1.00) TOTAL: ~$25PROS:+ tasty: Certainly tasty--I will give it a 4.3 out of 5 as it pertains to taste. That deli mustard packed into that fat sandwich on some rye bread was delicious. + filling: Certainly filling, I ate half of the monstrous sandwich. I was satiated. Finishing the rest of the sandwich was a little bit of work. Though, if you've read my other reviews, you'll know that I have a large stomach capacity. + open-24-7: This location is open all day and night. + free meat tasting: When you get to the front of the many lines to the long bar of butchers, they'll ask you what you want. You might respond with, "I'll take the brisket on rye." The butcher will find the meat, slap it down in front of you on his side of the glass. They'll slice a few pieces off, place it into a cup, and serve it to you while you watch them make your monster 'wich. + vegetarian-friendly: They got a lot of stuff. E.g., latkes, knishes, toasted cheese, et cetera +cultural treasure: Arguably, I would consider Katz's a rich american cultural treasure. The jewish culture of cuisine. It's F****** awesome! If you are from Houston TX you'll know that there is a Katz's there. This Katz's is the original spot. The walls are tall and the wall space is massive. Riddled all over the walls are famous photos of celebrities all over. CONS:- price: The price is steep: $24 bucks for a sandwich. Though, you can think of it as $12 for half of the sandwich which is just above a degree of what it should cost. In my opinion, I think it should be no more than $10. - tipping the butchers: Though, I do like the spot. I don't like the fact that one of the butchers had reportedly tapped the tip jar as my girl friend left with her platter of her sandwich. I do like the idea of good service being rewarded. However, I do not like when it is "demanded" or "suggested."IMPRESSION:Excellent excellent place to take someone who's seeing New York City for the first time. I have said plenty of positive things about this place. It is a sort of one-time visit kind of spot because of the price. I would not go here regularly. Though, if you're hosting friends from out-of-town, you can see yourself come back. TLDNR: Go if it's late, you're on the lower east and have $20 to have a meal for more than 2 people.
#REVIEW#Whoa!  A New York landmark with sandwiches as big as your head!!  As a tourist it can first seem overwhelming to go to Katz because it is a crowded place full of New Yorkers knowing what they want.  Go anyway!  It is not to be missed!  Legendary.Step in and get your ticket and Do Not Lose it!  Filter into a crowded line and make friends.  Watch the sandwiches that leaving the line to better decide on a choice.  Any choice is guaranteed delicious!  The fries are outstanding.  Portions are large and can easily be split.I had the brisket.  It was fabulous!!  The corn beef and Reuben looked awesome and will be my next choices. One of the best places to get the real New York vibe.  People watching is a must."When Harry Met Sally" fame with her favorite orgasmic sandwich.  I'll have what she is having....
#REVIEW#I'll admit, I was skeptical about a $20 sandwich. It was worth. Trust all the reviews and the wall full of celebrities that have visited; just go. There's a TON of meat inside the sandwich. In fact, I would describe it more like a heap of meat that happens to come with bread than a sandwich. Like I said, just go - the hype is real.
#REVIEW#Okay, I was a little skeptical. That being said, the sandwiches are legit. We decided to be served. It was worth not waiting in line and trying to find a seat. Got the Pastrami, the cornbeef Sammie's! The soup was also legit. The food was amazing and the service good. Def a must if your in NY. I don't have anything bad to say about this place. It's a little pricy, but not bad.
#REVIEW#Yeah, Katz's is touristy but it really hit the spot when we were hangry and looking for dinner at midnight after flying in from the west coast. Katz's is open 24 hours on weekends and we ended up here after finding that everything near our hotel was closed. I first went to Katz's a few years ago and thought it was good but not great - on that occasion I had their famous pastrami on rye sandwich even though I really prefer corned beef. This time I got the corned beef on rye this time and it was great.  Tender, salty, and fatty - and plenty of it!  I also ordered a bowl of matzoh ball soup and a creme soda to wash it all down. It was exactly what I wanted for dinner at midnight and far exceeds any deli back at home in the Bay Area.
#REVIEW#Saw this awesome video on Facebook about some Deli named Katzs'.... flew out from Denver at midnight and ended up here by 10am. WORTH IT! Hands down the best pastrami my test buds have ever been blessed with. Now you need to know a few things.. first be quick on your feet, the line starts early and moves fast. Second, keep your ticket with you through the whole meal, and use it to pay afterwards. Lastly, know your order when you get to the counter! These guys don't mess around, they are here to serve you amazing foods quickly!And if you need some direction ask for a sample slice of some meat and that will make up your mind in a heartbeat
#REVIEW#Not going to lie... as a college student who works part-time, I knew that it was gonna take a lot for me to justify purchasing a $25 Reuben sandwich-But after a few drinks and a late night craving, I found myself making the schlep across town right into the famous deli from "When Harry Met Sally."Ordering was a little confusing if you've never been here before, but with help from a regular, I figured it out.1) As you walk in, you are handed a ticket. Do not lose the ticket or you will be charged $50 (I'll explain this later)2) Go up to literally any of the guys or girls behind the counter, and hand them your ticket while telling them what you want (the menu is on the wall behind them)3) They will write how much you owe on your ticket.4) Sit at any of the tables and enjoy5) Hand the ticket to the cashier at the door while exiting and pay there.The Reuben I got was actually phenomenal. Worth $25? Questionable. But the sandwich itself was impressive and met all expectations- piled as high as the Empire State Building, was delicious, and picture worthy.The aforementioned regular gave me these few tips: The restaurant is not Kosher, but "Kosher-Style". The reason they charge $50 if you lose the ticket is because you could theoretically walk in, eat a sandwich, "lose your ticket" and then walk out pretending like you didn't eat anything... so the ticket is your entrance and exit pass."Their knishes aren't great. Better place down the street"All in all, great experience. I'll definitely be coming back... AFTER I have a full-time job.
#REVIEW#Eating at this restaurant is akin to visiting Elis island for foodies. Its a tourist stop, but not a tourist trap! This restaurant has been around since 1888, serving their famous pastrami sandwich. THE PASTRAMI SANDWICH (You must get this!)Really good juicy meat, very salty and fatty - you won't taste this kind of flavor anywhere else. You really should put some mustard all over the meat before you dig in. Goes well with soda. I recommend only getting the half-sandwich as its almost impossible to finish a whole pastrami sandwich. THE SPLIT PEA SOUP V. MATZO BALL SOUPThe split pea soup is good, but I would recommend the matzo ball soup over it. You can probably make a better split pea soup at home. THE BRISKET SANDWICH (don't order this)I don't recommend this one at all. The meat was very dry and the mustard can't save the fact that this meat is just not very good. THE PICKLESI love the fact that they give you two kinds of pickles: cucumber like pickles and fermented pickles. THE SALADThe dressing actually is pretty tasty and goes well balancing the fattiness of the pastrami sandwich. I recommend it for those of us, like me, who want something fresh to go along with your pastrami sandwich!SERVICEWaitress was strange and our interactions with her were very awkward. At some point she even told my bfs stepdad that "we" (meaning his wife, my bf, his sons, and me I guess?) weren't his friends.
#REVIEW#Basics done right. Katz's offers a variety of sandwiches and sides but they're most known for their infamous pastrami sandwich. I came in with a few friends after hours and we were given tickets to track our orders. Whether or not you order food, you'll need to return the ticket at the end or incur a $50 fee. My friend and I split the gigantic pastrami sandwich on rye, accompanied by complimentary pickles. The sandwich itself is extremely simple, and to be honest, I didn't expect much based on looks purely. Biting into the sandwich, however, I really appreciated the simplicity of it all. The bread is fresh and soft, a great vessel for the tender pastrami. There's extra mustard and ketchup on the tables should you prefer heavier dressing, but I thought the sandwich was excellent by itself. Although the portions are generous (you can definitely split a sandwich between two people), I felt that it was a bit pricey at $22.
#REVIEW#Hm pretty disappointed in this spot! Im born and raised in NYC and have never tried Katz's. I finally hd the chance to and was so excited. The place itself is huge luckily. When you arrive, youre given a ticket and told to start on line. There were 2 people in front of me and i waited maybe 15 min. The workers seem to take their time surprisingly. The sandwiches range from $20+. Its actually insane. We got a tounge sandwich w mustard on a hero and it was $24! I thought were were gonna be given some family style sized sandwich but its a regular deli size. I truly cant see the prices being justified other than for tourist trap. The place has its original bones but can give a dingey feeling. The food itself was good but def not worth $24 for ONE sandwich.
#REVIEW#I have been wanting to try out Katz's Deli for a very long time but I never made it here in all my visits to New York. I made it a point this time around to book a hotel in the Low East Side so I had no excuse not to go..As soon as I checked into my hotel, I trekked over to Katz's.I am in awe of restaraunts and establishments that have been around forever. If you read my reviews, you would know that. ;) Katz's Deli was established in 1888 meaning that it has gone through World Wars and the changing of trends through the decades. Great will always be great, so Katz still stands. I was not sure what to try, the pastrami or the corned beef. I decided on the corned beef and come back for the pastrami. I don't think I could have gone wrong with either but the corned beef was very tender and delicious. The rye bread was packed with thick slices of perfect corned beef. There was a lot of sandwich so I did not order a side. The free dish of kosher pickles were enough as a side item and a great pairing to the sandwiches. Everything was top here and looking forward to my next visit for that pastrami!
#REVIEW#Are you a sandwich person? Do you love meat? Do you hate spending a bunch of money on a sandwich that's all bun and veggies?...Welcome folks, where the sando has so much meat, it overflows and falls all over the place. Obviously you need to get cheese on it to help keep it all together. We grabbed a slice of pizza down the street then swung in for the ultimate deli experience. We should've skipped the pizza lol.The process: walk in and get a ticket. There's someone at the door to greet you so they'll give it to you. Don't lose it or you'll pay a fee.Next, pick a line. Any line with a 'Cutter #' over it. It goes up to 7 I believe. Once they're done making the food for whoever is in front of you, you'll order and wait. Give them your ticket and they'll mark what you ordered on it.From there, you can either get in the back line to pay first, or grab a seat to eat and then pay. They take cash or card. Once you pay and are ready to leave, they'll staple your receipt to your cards. You'll give it to the person at the door on the way out. They'll rip off the receipt and keep the cards.It's touristy, the sando is def pricier than others, but the quality is so amazing. Not only the cut of meat but the amount is insane.
#REVIEW#It's insane how packed this place is with pastrami zombies even in the middle of the afternoon on a Friday.We waited outside the cafe for 10 minutes, then inside in front of the counter for 15 minutes, desperate to taste this hyped up pastrami sandwich.We finally got our hands on this $22 pastrami sandwich to go (the seating area was too packed).I loved the volume of pastrami packed into this sandwich, and I'll admit that it's the best pastrami I've ever had (although I am not a pastrami expert by any means). It's juicy, perfectly seasoned, and tasted like real meat rather than artificial deli meat. The sandwich bread, mustard, and pickles were pretty standard.I definitely enjoyed the sandwich, but I wouldn't say that it's worth $22 and lining up for 25min to go back a second time.
