#NAME#Max Brenner - New York
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/max-brenner-new-york-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chocolate,desserts,tradamerican#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Pros: Environment is pretty hip! Great house music... even my little 3 year old appreciated it! Of course, the dessert was superb. My wife's Alfredo was also yummy! Staff was nice and friendly!Cons:My Pub Steak was a little rubbery and not so tasty. Bathroom not too clean either.Would I go back? You bet I will!
#REVIEW#Possibly the worst service and food I've had in a long time. The only thing quick was our seating and when we decided to leave. Drinks took 20 min+ to arrive. Our food, which was the veggie burger and fries took an additional 15 min. I was hoping for a semi-decent veggie patty. This was basically just smashed black beans. The drinks were at least correct and the waffle fries weren't terrible. Last visit ever to this establishment.
#REVIEW#2.5/5I loved the service--it was fast and quick. Despite the packed restaurant, our server was amazing and always checked up on us to make sure we were satisfied and if we needed anything. Nothing was slow paced and the servers were very attentive, but besides that I really can't find a reason for returning to this restaurant. I came here tonight for my 1 year anniversary with my boyfriend ready to try this city famous chocolate that I have been hearing about for months now!! We decided of course to start off with an appetizer, which was the BBQ chicken wings, which I would say was the best part of our meal. It went amazing with their creamy white sauce and it was a big portion for the price that we were paying. For the entrees, we had ordered the original mac & cheese and the steak and potatoes. The entrees definitely needed some work. The mac & cheese was such a small portion, especially since we paid for all three of its add ons. We received a tiny pan, and it wasn't anything but decent and regular macaroni. The steak was absolutely disappointing! I asked for medium, which they did correctly, but it as so burnt!! Not only that, but it was dry and chewy.. It was flavorless and not juicy at all. I couldn't even finish it, even though it was a really small steak. They did, however, provide lots of potato wedges, but they were too dry and I just focused on eating the wings instead. What I really think Max Brenner's should improve upon is timing. Although everything is fast paced, they need to time things more efficiently. We received our milkshake and after that, we waited a really long time before our appetizer. Right after that came the entrees. We didn't have time to finish our appetizers because they basically brought it out at the same time, which I wouldn't have preferred. Later on, we ordered the sharing fondue. I loved the presentation on this one, but it took a long time again. It came with so many items and heated chocolate and a mini stove for you to roast your marshmallows. I wish I was younger because this would've been my dream come true! However, it is a bit too sweet for my liking now.. The marshmallows tasted like pure sugar--I couldn't finish it. But the chocolate was amazing with the strawberries. I just wish that there was more of a variety or some options that didn't taste so sugary. Overall, very fast servers, but I wouldn't recommend coming here if you are on an empty stomach and on a budget. The quality of food and portions could definitely be better and so can their timing.
#REVIEW#2 stars because I would only come back if it was a special occasion suggested by someone else.I came here for a friend's birthday for dinner on a Monday night. We made a reservation just in case, but the place wasn't completely packed so you can just walk in and probably have a short wait time if anything. The ambiance of the restaurant is nice. There is a chocolate gift shop at the entrance and you can see people making the desserts on the left.As for the food, I got a classic burger which tasted pretty good. I don't typically like pickles but the pickles in the burger was a bit sweet so it worked for me. The burger also came with fries and an orange sauce which was pretty good too. The major downside of this place was that everything is so overpriced. For the quality and quantity, it is not worth the price I paid. The burger was just a typical burger that came with 10 pieces of waffle fries at most and I'm high balling it. For the same quality, I could've gone to Shake Shack and gotten more toppings for half this price.My friends decided to share onion rings as an appetizer and it was $9. They tasted good, but each onion ring basically came close to $1 a piece. As for the desert, we got the whole dessert pizza. You get to choose two toppings for each half so we did hazelnut chunks and marshmallows on one half and banana and peanut butter on the other. The dough was soft and almost bread-like consistency. The banana and peanut butter was decent. Sweet, but manageable. The hazelnut and marshmallows on the other hand, one bite and I thought I would be at risk of diabetes. Very very very sweet. Almost painful to finish the slice sweet. Final thoughts: overall, everything tasted fine. If they could just increase the portion size slightly or improve the quality of the meal in some , I wouldn't mind it here, but the quality and quantity did not justify the price at all. This just felt like an expensive Cheesecake Factory.
#REVIEW#Tourist Trap!Although everyone loves chocolate and dessert, this is not the best place to go. The overpriced food is - just okay - and service is pretty slow. We were seated in the upstairs section and completely forgotten by our waitress. Our food came out before drinks and my hot chocolate was lukewarm and just too sweet. I would not recommend.
#REVIEW#Sad to be giving this place three stars because I love chocolate and chocolate-based businesses, but it just had to be done. The service could have been better. I think it was mainly because we were seated by the entrance which is kind of a blind spot for the wait staff. I had to try multiple times, extra hard to get our server's attention. The next time I want to have a decadent dessert, I will just go to trader joes and buy their s'mores bar. But fun place to come with chocolate lover friends. I don't recommend getting dinner here.
#REVIEW#I think this place is a hit or miss and I will try over next week for a better review. So I came in and we ended up getting a quesadilla and a choclate martini. Somehow I was thinking that the martini would be a extremely sweet taste beacuse of course, it's choclate. I absolutely loved the display but it was kind of a bitter taste in my mouth. I took a few sips then handed it over to the gentelman that came in with me. The quesadilla was vibrant and colorful with great presentation too but diddnt exactly fit my standards of what a quesadilla should be like. The service was great and the atmosphere is amazing. I'm actually going to give this place another shot and order something different before i go to try and get alittle more out of this though. I dont think its fair to fully assess this place based off of two items!
#REVIEW#If you're going to Max Brenner for a real meal you're completely out of luck, but if you want dessert or kid friendly kind of place - this is for you. Out of everything it seemed the burger was the best but overall lack luster dining experience.
#REVIEW#I don't usually review chain restaurants, but HEY, there's only 3 in the US, and I'd never HEARD of them before, so...  ANDIT'SALLCHOCOLATE!!!  First came chocolate cocktails, of COURSE.  Then, even though we truly didn't need any more (food OR chocolate), we shared a crepe.  Maybe the Chocolate Cheesecake one?  I can't remember for sure, but I know it was DECADENT!  And we were miserable for the rest of the day....
#REVIEW#After going to Max Brenner's new Blue Stripes Cacao Shop I wanted to try out the original creation of Max Brenner (he sold his business Max Brenner and name years ago). I recommend making a reservation because this is a place that will get busy early.  Two of us went, they wouldn't seat me until the other person arrived (which was annoying with only two of us).  We decided to start with the hot chocolate which is served in a "hug mug". I am a big fan of the hug mug.  It makes drinking the hot chocolate easier.  I was also pleasantly surprised by how inexpensive the hot chocolate was (only 6.00).  You can also buy the hug mug in the store for only 6.00.The portions of food are large. So if you are looking at getting the waffles this could easily be split between two people and then get some less sweet foods.  One odd thing was that our waitress wasn't seen often so we didn't get refills on water quickly.  Also my friend's food came out a full 5-10 minutes before mine and no one seemed to know where mine was.  Also I had ordered an additional side of eggs which somehow just didn't appear or show up.  Since it had taken so long to get my food (and since I wasn't charged) I didn't say anything about it.  At one point the food deliver kept trying to give me food I didn't order and eventually the food just went back to the kitchen and no one knew what happened to it.   The most annoying thing was we had our empty plates sitting in front of us for almost 20 minutes with no one coming by us. Eventually we had to flag a different waitress to get our check after 30 minutes of sitting. So the service aspect could have been a lot better, however the food was absolutely delicious I would give a 5 for the food and a 3 for the service.
#REVIEW#Good place for dessert. Nothing fancy or crazy. Service is okay.
#REVIEW#Had a great time at Max Brenner, considering that I'm a HUGEEE chocolate fan. Great service, great food and the desert *fondue platter* was amazing. A bit too sweet for me but it was a great experience overall. The fact that I roasted marshmallows on my table and was able to dip them in chocolate was my favorite part.
#REVIEW#(This review is only for the chocolate shop section of the restaurant.)The chocolate shop section has chocolate tins and boxes of chocolates as well as individual chocolates and truffles. The tins come in pre-packaged options but the boxes you can either choose pre-packaged or choose your own. They have gift boxes that are really reasonable in price ($25-30 for a small box of four different items) and limited edition gift sets (i.e. Easter gift sets) that you can get at a deal price. The dark chocolate covered caramelized pecans here are SOOOOO good (even though I'm not a fan of chocolate-covered nuts). They also have a chocolate-churning machine running in the front of the store which was cool to look at. The online store delivers (almost all of the in-store) products to anywhere in the country, so you can either have them delivered to you or a someone else. :)
#REVIEW#If you're in the city and want dessert go to Max Brenner. Any of the fondue desserts or waffle creations will make it worth the trip. The food is ahhhh.....save yourself and go next door to Maison Kayser and have lunch or dinner then go to Max Brenners. For my first time I expected a grandiose explanation from the waitress. Instead, we got lackluster, confusing, and a somewhat cryptic description of the hot chocolate that I must say comes very very close to Jacques Torres' world famous hot chocolate. Bathrooms were foul, service stinks, and yet they manage to have an overwhelming following. Go early, get dessert, sit downstairs, and don't a warm and inviting atmosphere.
#REVIEW#Make sure you have a reservation!!!!! Without a reservation it will probably be a long wait for a table. We had a reservation, but had to wait on a line to even get to the hostess so we could check in. After we checked in, our table was ready immediately without any wait! Our waitress was very friendly and wanted to make sure we had a good experience and were able to try different things. The food menu has a lot of options and the dessert menu is overwhelming! The burger was good and fries were good too. One good thing is that they didn't overload the fries, so even though I ate them all I still wanted dessert! There was so much that I wanted to try, so I will just have to come back! Every dessert that passed our table looked delicious! Definitely try a chocolate syringe because it was awesome and unique! The fondue was really good and they have lots of flavors of hot chocolate!The restaurant has a nice cozy feel to it and I was surprised that there was upstairs seating too. There is also a gift shop so you can take some chocolate to go! I loved it here and am already looking forward to coming back!
#REVIEW#We were excited to try out this dessert restaurant that everyone is always raving about. For mains, we ordered BBQ Chicken Flatbread Pizza (house-made BBQ sauce, chicken, red onions, pineapples, mix of cheddar & mozzarella and cilantro) and Best B.A.L.T Sandwich (crispy spiced bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato and mayo on a toasted baguette). The mains were average and mediocre. For dessert we ordered Strawberries & Cream Waffle (strawberries, white chocolate chunks, whipped cream, sugar krispies, toffee, caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream on the side). The dessert was beautifully presented, it tasted good but not something that was WOW for us. We decided to come for another visit for just desserts this time and ordered the Classic European Fondue (The one and only Max Brenner original bananas, strawberries, chocolate chunk cookies, marshmallows, and fluffy chocolate sponge cake. Served with toffee sauce and your choice of two chocolates - milk, dark, white). The fondue was good but yet again not that WOW. Perhaps our expectations were too high, but we do recommend visiting Max Brenner for the dessert and the experience and trying it out for yourself!
#REVIEW#Max. Brenner. Never. Disappoints. Period, point, blank! Came here just for their classic fondue dessert and let's just say it excites my taste buds every time! We booked on open table an hour before our reservation, got there before our actual reserved time and we were seated right away to our delight. Our waiter was very enthusiastic and asked why we were out, and we explained that we were out to celebrate a friends birthday and then placed an order for our dessert. He then brought our dessert out to us with a sparkler candle and surprised my friend for her birthday which was a lovely (and sweet!) surprise!! PS: you can never go wrong with strawberries and milk chocolate fondue, quote me on that!
#REVIEW#My friend raved about the chocolates here so I knew I had to stop by to pick some up as souvenirs. I did not stay and eat in the restaurant though. After you enter, there's a corner on the right side which acts as a gift shop. Luckily when I came in March they were doing a sale on the big chocolate bars -- 4 for $12! That's a pretty great deal for a specialty chocolate shop. I got a regular dark chocolate bar, a dark chocolate bar with almonds, and a milk chocolate bar with coconut. I personally loved the coconut bar because the coconut was crisp and toasted which added a nice contrast to the sweet milk chocolate. Both of the dark chocolate bars were also rich and smooth. My coworkers devoured the almond bar!When I went, there was a Yelp check-in offer where you can get a free sample of chocolate! The cashier was kind enough to let us have as many as we wanted from the jar. I think it was a toffee nut milk chocolate that I tried and it was pretty tasty.
#REVIEW#This place is a sweets lover's dream, and honestly, it's with good reason. The food and chocolate here are absolutely incredible. If you love chocolate, sweets, or any kind of dessert breakfast, you'll love it here. Two members of our party ordered a savory breakfast over sweets and they were pretty standard, nothing special. The real draw here is the sugar sugar sugar.We made a reservation for 11 AM on a Saturday and it wasn't too crowded, we were seated right away, but it definitely started to pick up around 11:45. The restaurant was decorated for Valentine's Day and looked so sweet and cute with little red string lights - this is definitely a great place for a date, brunch, or a meetup with friends.I had the Valentine's Day cocktail, Raspberry Lemon Drop Martini, and it was a perfect drink. To eat, I went out of my comfort zone and had the s'mores crepes and holy god, were they delicious! $15 is a reasonable price for the amount of food you get but no human on earth should be able to finish that mound of food. I definitely wanted to unbutton my pants after I ate, but I refrained because y'know, public setting.Staff was beyond friendly and accommodating. Al was very attentive and a great server, we would love to have him again. The food was also brought out pretty quickly and all modifications were correct.Bathrooms are pretty small and not super clean. Not a deterrent but just something to know before you "go."All in all, a great place to overload on chocolate and sugar.
#REVIEW#The environment here was pretty chill and the place looks nice on in the inside. I went with my boyfriend for a quick dinner. I ordered the crispy chicken Mac and cheese and it was great. All the flavors and cheese made for a tasty Mac and cheese. We also ordered the onion rings and chicken quesadilla. I am so glad we ordered the onion rings they were to die for and came with a chocolate ranch dipping sauce. It sounds weird but it was so good.
