#NAME#Gato
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gato-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mediterranean,spanish,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#We have been here several times and it is always a great experience. The food is spot on. There is always a nice variety to choose from. The drink list is solid. What really sets this place apart from other good restaurants in NYC is the service. The staff is always amazing. You can't finish something without having it picked up 20 seconds later. I don't know where they come from but it's impressive. The servers are great as well. Last night we have a great guy who made solid recommendations when asked and accommodated our kids quirky requests without an issue. It's not cheap, but it's not unreasonable for NYC and a star chef. Worth every penny in my opinion. We will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Two stars reflect the sentiment, "Meh, I've experienced better."  In soho though? It's a pretty scene-y place...Still, here's my humble take.Location.  This is a pretty scene-y spot: a cavernous dining room with lots of seats wrapped around the edges.  Pretty.  But is it worth the hype? Food (arguably the most important thing).  Having tried 1 appetizer, and 2 dishes, I was disappointed in my meal and maintain that you're paying mostly for atmosphere.  I was still hungry after my meal, not a good sign.Portions were small, my rabbit main (which was ~$26) came with one leg of a RABBIT (smaller than a chicken), and which was overcooked such that it was difficult to chew or distinguish flavor or...therefore enjoy.  And some mashed potato type thing on the side which was very good.The kale and mushroom paella is pretty tasty and a healthy portion, but I would have preferred consistency across dishes.Service was prompt with the water, but we were seated right next to the register.  It was such an undesirable spot that I questioned why we were seated there when so many other seats were available, and we requested a different table? The hostess would not seat us in one of the many booth seats (normally reserved for 3, but it was a slow Thursday night around 9:30 and my friend and I were on the last cover).On my way out I spoke to the hostess who seated us to let her know I was disappointed by how she couldn't seat us at a better table despite the availability, and she gave the most insincere smile and a bright "sorry!"Would I come back to a place that felt snobby about seating their clientele (based on whatever mysterious criteria), where the cost is high and portions small? If you want a beautiful place to celebrate your birthday and want to feel swank, give this a try.  If you want some substance (in more ways than one), and to not leave hungry, enjoy your meal elsewhere.
#REVIEW#My girlfriends and I loved our dinner at Gato. Their menu offers a diverse selections of fish, seafood, pastas and meat entrees - a little something to please everyone! Gato is truly a solid tapas spot that everyone can enjoy.Oven Roasted Shrimp - shrimp was roasted to perfection in a smoky and savory sauce. The sauce was so good, we wish we had bread! Roasted Octopus - tenderly toasted and the smoky bacon added different dimensions of texture and flavor to the bite!Mussels - another amazing dish which was served with warm toasty bread! We loved the bread itself but dipping it in the delicate flavorful broth was even tastier. Server brought us another serving of bread :)Kale & Wild Mushroom Paella - Just wow! This is a similar take of the Chinese style clay pot rice! Loved the crispy and crunchy flavors of this paella dish. However, the crispy artichokes were too roasted and not exactly an edible texture. Porterhouse Porkchop - Amazing flavor, texture and sauce pairing. Gato does porkchop right!Black Fettuccine - Who doesn't love pasta though? However, pricey, super small portion (even for a tapas entree) and not worth the value. Steamed Halibut - Least interesting item but amazing savory sauce. The fish was steamed just right but kind of boring compared to the rest of the tapas. For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake & pistachio olive oil cake. There is a minor complaint for our evening - the organizer of our dinner received a phone call to confirm our reservation, in which she took the opportunity to ask if there is anything special done for a birthday celebration. She was advised there will be candles and singing - however, at the end of the dinner when the dessert was served, the staff seemed to have missed the birthday notification! So we felt that there was a minor lack of attention to detail. It was a Tuesday night.. so no excuse.
#REVIEW#Food was delicious. I got the black fettuccine and my friend got the poached eggs for brunch. However, service was very slow despite a mostly empty restaurant. Additionally, the portion sizes were small to the point that I almost didn't even feel full at the end of my meal.
#REVIEW#Food: 4/5Stopped by for dinner. We ordered 2 orders of the choose 3, the saffron linguine, the rabbit and the porterhouse pork chop. Choose 3 (3.5/5) was delicious but very small. It's meant for one person. It's a good way to try a few options but for $44, we got 6 bites. The raw tuna and artichoke were incredibly delicious.Saffron linguine (2/5) was nothing special. I couldn't taste the saffron. General consensus was "it's bland".Rabbit (3/5) was decent. My friends loved it but I was never a fan of rabbit. It tasted gamey and dry to me.Porterhouse pork chop (5/5) was out of this world delicious. It was slightly pink/medium cooked. The tomato pan juice was the perfect combination of sour and salty. Best pork chop I've ever had.Affogato (2/5) wasn't too impressive. The biscotti kept breaking into many pieces. The coffee was poured into the vanilla ice cream making it "hazelnut" but it tasted like plain cold coffee. Cheesecake (5/5) was heavenly. It was perfectly light and full of flavor. Best cheesecake I've ever had.Service: 5/5Our waiter was very accommodating and attentive. He was very kind and patient with us (aka me). I'm very picky with my wine and he brought over multiple glasses so I can have a taste test.Ambiance: 4/5Cute and dimly lit. Full open bar upon entrance. We went right before the kitchen closed so it was pretty late. Decent vibe. Good date spot.
#REVIEW#So this place is amaze balls. We came here during my little vaca and enjoyed an amazing dinner. On top of it all we were given a complimentary after dinner drink drink and some biscottis. I was so happy. Free is always great. Ok so for appetizer was a polvo or octopus dish along with some bread. For dinner I had a black ink squid dish and it's the kind of dish you ya e an orgasm too. It was spectacular!!
#REVIEW#I was pretty excited to eat at Gato but I have to say I was a bit disappointed. The food is pretty good - definitely tasty - but I didn't have the greatest experience with the service. I came here with a party of 6 and we had a reservation for 8:00...we didn't end up getting seated at our table till over 45 minutes later :/In place itself is very trendy and pretty upscale with a lively atmosphere and cool decor. The menu has interested tapas-style food as well as classic entrees - definitely on the pricier side, though (my steak entree was $42). At many restaurants I find the appetizers are actually better than the entrees, but that was not the case here! The apps were ok and small portioned, but my steak was tasty, flavorful and well-cooked. The only downside was it was a bit too salty for my liking. Cocktails were pretty tasty ($16 each)Overall, the vibes here are pretty cool/trendy but in terms of service, food and value there are better restaurants out there.
#REVIEW#After watching {hours and hours} of Beat Bobby Flay, the restaurant name Gato will kind of get stuck in your mind. When we were in NYC on vacation, we decided to go here for brunch. I was hoping to see Bobby Flay ... which we did not, however the meal was good! We had gone on a weekday; it wasn't too busy, however for ease and convenience, I would recommend making a reservation online.So, the starter actually ended up being our favorite part of the entire meal. They have the "light bites" listed as Bar on menu ... do not skip on those! You won't regret getting them. For our choose 3, we selected the Eleven Layer Potato, Eggplant, and Spiced Chicken. Each of these had a unique flavor, significantly different from each other. The Eleven Layer Potato and Spiced Chicken were both delicious, however that Eggplant was the best! It had manchego, oregano, and was topped with balsamic.For our meals, I ordered the Almond Crusted French Toast and my husband ordered the Black Fettuccini. The Almond Crusted French Toast was recommended as one of the favorites on the menu; the toast had more of that soft doughy center with a crunchy exterior, however I personally thought it was a bit too heavy with cinnamon. My husband enjoyed his dish, the fettuccini was cooked al dente and had a seafood flavor. The pasta came with squid and shrimp, all were tossed in a Fra Diavolo sauce.Overall, a very pleasant experience. The service was good, the servers were very friendly, and the ambiance was nice. I would come back here again.
#REVIEW#Excellent service and vibe, but the food was just OK. The dishes did not wow me and actually did not taste that great.I love the location and the concept, but I have yet to be impressed by a Bobby Flay restaurant.
#REVIEW#I loved the look of the restaurant. It had a great bar, and it was cool to be able to see into the kitchen. Too bad the food didn't match up. Don't get me wrong, everything was pretty good. I just don't think I'd go back. With so many restaurants in NYC a place really needs to WOW me to make my list!I split the grilled zucchini, asparagus, lamb pizza, and burrata with my group. The veggies were ok. The pizza and burrata were both really good. We didn't order all too much (the waiter made it clear he was kind of annoyed by our small order - he was not the most friendly person) but none of us left hungry. We all agreed that it was a nice dinner, but no great shakes.
#REVIEW#I don't have any complaints with Gato. Lovely atmosphere, laid back yet very professional with a well trained wait staff. We started off with 2 cocktails, the Jackie and a vodka soda- both nice and strong. For appetizers we got the roasted octopus and the smashed avocado and pea dip. The octopus was absolutely amazing, the dip also was a nice snack.For entrées we got the steamed halibut and the orecchiette dish. The pasta dish was light and fresh, the halibut was absolutely full of savory flavor. Large entree portions so don't fill up too much on apps! Huge Bobby Flay fan so i may be biased, but definitely an A+ performance at Gato.
#REVIEW#I would start off by saying if you are looking for traditional Spanish tapas / Spanish food, this wouldn't be your place to go. The restaurant does have a nice environment; however, none of the stuff I ordered reminded me of my experience in Spain. They don't have a legitimate paella, they have a mushroom and kale paella, which was delicious but also expensive and small. We also ordered pork chop, and I guarantee at least half of it was just bone as well. The tapas sampler was really small, and I wouldn't say it's worth the price. Overall, the idea is that portions are small, food is expensive, but the quality isn't up to par.Overall? Probably wouldn't come back again. The meal cost 2 of us about $150. Definitely wouldn't recommend this place for a normal hangout.
#REVIEW#Gato squeezed my party of three in on a Saturday night. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Our food came out quickly and everything was delicious. The move is to get a bunch of plates and share with everyone. I especially loved the tarragon chicken, octopus, and paella.
#REVIEW#I was in town for work and to visit a friend. My friend suggested we meet at Gato for dinner! I am so glad that she did! Not only is it Bobby Flay's first restaurant (how fun?!?!) the atmosphere was cool and the food was delicious!!The staff was all very friendly and attentive. We didn't have a reservation, but we were able to be seated. The place was packed and we lucked out. I would highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time!! They have a trained semolina on staff and she was very helpful. She was able to assist the other guests select a wine that was perfectly paired with their meal. I ordered the small plates that come in threes. I had the seven layer potatoes, grilled chicken and mussels salad. Oh my gosh, it was too die!!! We also shared an order of the cheese cake. It's seasonal and was served with blood oranges. It was heaven!!! In the fall, it's served with apples! Yum!!After dinner we sat at the bar and had a couple of drinks. The bar is a U-shape at the front of the restaurant and it's a great place to people watch.Overall, we loved our experience here and would definitely dine here again!
#REVIEW#We got 8:30 pm reservations easily for a table of 4 on a Saturday night. The space is impressive and roomy, with a nice vibe. Between the four of us we got-The bacon flatbread and trio of gato spreads with pita to start with. The flatbread was really nice- fresh and flavorful. The trio of spreads however were completely avoidable. The pita especially was dry and tasteless. We then got the scrambled eggs, kale and wild mushroom paella and charred octopus to share. The pell and octopus were this highlights of the night for me. Great flavors and textures. The scrambled eggs however were nothing special for me.We then got the rabbit to share and it was a very well prepared dish- the meat was perfection and the accompanying sauce and garnishes added a lot of depth of flavor. The dark chocolate and almond tart with almond gelato was a good end to our meal. The cocktails were interesting and the service was fabulous. Not sure if I ll be back but I had a great time
#REVIEW#Gato is now serving lunch during the week and brunch on the weekend starting at 11:45am. My friends and I were quite excited when we heard this news. I came here with two of my friends for a 1pm lunch reservation. My friends and I love to try different dishes so we ordered and shared a lot of things. For our appetizers we had the popular scrambled egg dish and the wild mushroom toast. I enjoyed both of these dishes. Especially the scrambled egg dish. It had a lot of flavor and the bread that came with the dish was tasty on its own. :WARNING: if you do not like runny eggs, this dish is not for you. At first the texture of the dish did not settle well with me but the flavors within the dish made forget about it.We also tried the bar bites. They are 3 for $19. We had he following: beef crudo :WARNING: this dish is a little spicy, eleven layered potato, spiced chicken, and the crispy polenta. Please keep in mind these are all small bites. Enough to share with 1-2 people if you all just want to taste. My favorite of what we tried was the spiced chicken. The chicken was tender and flavorful. My friend ordered the burger, which was delicious and seasoned very well. My other friend had the pizza. We were all surprised at the size of the pizza, it was larger than we expected and very filling. :WARNING: The pizza is a little on the spicy side so if you don't do well with spice, do not order this dish. I ordered the popular kale and mushroom paella. I wanted to see what all of the hype was about. The dish was good but I enjoyed my friends burger a little more than my dish. I felt like this dish was missing something. Maybe because I am a meat eater, I felt as though I wanted meat but this is a great dish for those who do not eat meat. It does come with an egg on top but you can always ask for that to be omitted. For dessert we had the pistachio brown butter cake, the espresso soaked beard pudding, and the apple crostata. Everything was delicious. If you are looking for something on the sweeter side, order the apple crostata. The bread pudding is softer than more traditional beard puddings but it was still delicious. The brown butter cake had a lot of different flavors but they complimented each very well. Overall, I will definitely return. I would like to come here for brunch. My server's name was Jorge. He was attentive, gave great recommendations, and answered all of our questions.
#REVIEW#I was thoroughly impressed by Gato. I visited with a friend and we shared a bunch of dishes. I started with the Lorenzo cocktail, then we ordered:+ 3 small "bar" dishes - eleven layer potato, lamb tenderloin, eggplant+ Scrambled eggs+ Kale mushroom paella+ Acorn squash + Pistachio brown butter cake+ Apple crostadaThe bar dishes were just a few bites each but were spectacular. Everything we ate was delicious, really. It was more than enough food for the both of us and everything was pretty shareable. The pistachio cake is not to be missed. They also gave us complimentary biscotti and dessert wine after the meal. Very classy.
#REVIEW#Honestly have zero complaints about this place. Took my friend for her birthday and we loved every savory dish we tried. The ambiance was very cool and trendy too. The octopus is a must, if they have the ravioli special go for it, the Brussels sprouts were great withe pomegranates and you can't go wrong with the charred beef. The staff was also great at recommending wine for us. If you skip anything, maybe you can pass on dessert. Also be aware this is a very vibrant, buzzy restaurant, so it will be loud and you might be right on top of another table. Good for sneaking a peek of what they ordered, but not necessarily for an intimate dinner.Depending on what night you go, you may see Bobby. The night we were there we saw him with Anne Burrell!
#REVIEW#I had dinner here with my friends on New Years Eve around 8pm and it wasn't too busy. The ambiance was rustic, warm, spacious and welcoming. The service was good. We ordered: - Roasted Octopus: Nice and tender. The flavors were an interesting mix. However, I did feel it was on the saltier side. - Crispy Potatoes: Skip! The potatoes were borderline hard. It didn't have much flavor and the only good part was the egg. - Saffron Linguine: Disappointing. The pasta was overcooked and mushy. It was soaked in oil and it tasted way too salty. - Charred beef: The steak was nicely cooked as requested (medium rare). I loved the touch of blue cheese. However, again it was also too salty for me. The side of farro and broccoli was hard.We also had few cocktails which were great. I thought the experience was nice. However the food was just average. I really had higher expectations. I don't think I will be returning.
#REVIEW#Accommodate 8 for Saturday brunch with no reservation? YEP! (We got lucky) They quickly filled up but service was impeccable! We had a sample of almost everything from the menu. Personally, I had the kale mushroom paella. It was definitely worth the little extra time it took to cook the dish! The drinks were expertly crafted too!Their restrooms are a little dark, but were very clean and the candles they had smelled AMAZING!
