#NAME#Judge Roy Bean Public House
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/judge-roy-bean-public-house-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pubs,sportsbars,gastropubs#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#What a FRIENDLY staff. Sonya has a great sense of humor and loves to brag to tourists about her NYC!We sat at the bar and the bartender was attentive, welcoming and encouraged the customers to enjoy each other's company. We enjoyed lunch and a drink during our break of walking NYC. We had a roasted tomato grilled cheese and the tomatoes were so fresh and juicy. Plenty of cheese to stretch and enjoy. The quesadilla with fresh grilled vegetables was perfectly grilled and loaded with flavor.
#REVIEW#Always had fantastic service and food at Judge's.  Unfortunately, the last visit was full of very poor quality food and even worse service.The $26 Texas Burger that was ordered medium, was served beyond well done and extremely dry, which diluted all flavors, to the point of being inedible.The cheese fries were horrendous, as the cheese was only present on the bottom of the stack, and the entire stack of fries were firmly held together by the over cooked cheese.The bartender was the worst ever experienced at Judges.  He never inquired about the food, was slow to follow up on drinks and ultimately displayed a level of indifference when the food issue was reported.
#REVIEW#I like this place. It's relatively small. 15-18 spots at the bar. A few tables and not much more. I have been here when it's empty and when it's packed. I'm not a local so I'm not around a lot but I can't explain why it's crowded sometimes. Good draft beer selection 20-25 beers on tap, a bunch it bottles, a few wines and a menu of signature cocktails. It's a chill vibe, warm and inviting. Bartenders are laid back but attentive. Menu looks pretty good (check my photos) not super extensive but plenty of options. Let's call it upscale bar food by the looks of the menu but bar food none the less. Stuff coming out of the kitchen looks pretty good but honestly, I was just drinking. Didn't eat. Burgers and sandwiches are 13-26 bucks. Mix of locals and some visitors. I would pop in here again if I was in the 'hood but I'm not sure I'm coming looking for it.
#REVIEW#Great hole in the wall bar we randomly ran into. Shane was working the bar and took great care of us!  He's the man!
#REVIEW#Food was decent not spectacular.  Beer list is quite long and this is a better place for happy hour with drinks and lite bites and not a full dinner.  Burger i had was good not great.  Fries were nothing special either.  The service was friendly but extremely slow as there was one waitress supporting entire restaurant.  I would go back for a pint or two but wouldn't say this was a cant miss place.
#REVIEW#Quaint galley bar with plenty of TV's. Big inventory of beers including their own Judge Toy IPA and Lager that is pretty good. Affordable beers and good music. Dominic wis a great bartender but Shane stole the show. Great selections of whisky and scotch. Great place to hide from Millennials. Get your shots chilled ... love this place.
#REVIEW#While the heart of glitzy gold-veneered Midtown Manhattan doesn't exactly seem the place for a rustic wood paneled All-American bar, JRBPH fits right in as a surprising neighborhood staple. I stopped by after a long day of work and was struck by the feeling that I'd stepped back in time, or out of place, far from a world of gray and concrete. The pub is full of lively noise and friendly bubbly chatter, you get the sense that this is a true community space. They're known for their burgers, but I had the vegetarian version with Mac and Cheese bites to start. The jalapeño aioli it came with was to die for! The fries were super fresh, and the burger was very flavorful. The staff treat you like family, lots of warmth and courtesy. While I didn't try any of the drinks, I'll be sure to do so the next time I stop by, as this place is definitely worth returning to. JRBPH is sure to impress!
#REVIEW#This was NOT a weekend.  It was around 5 on a Wednesday...Highlights:Decent bar menu.Great burgers.Great beer selection.Cons:Tiny,tiny, narrow cramped place.  People standing everywhere.Very, very loud.People reaching over you to get their drinks.Was in search of a hangout I could count on for my repetitive stays in Midtown.  This place seemed like it may work based on reviews, beer choices and menu.  I like low-key, reasonably priced, bar seating that isn't so tight that you have to suck in your elbows.There were two seats at the bar open - but only one was usable because the stools were actually touching.  So I wedged myself in and made a go of it.  The bartenders were running their asses off and it took a while to get a look.  I got a beer fairly quick. It was so horribly tight and narrow that people were standing behind me against the wall and I could feel their breath.  They were reaching over me to get their drinks.  It sucked.  But I was thirsty- so I tolerated it.Normally I have 2 beers with dinner.  But I couldn't wait to get out of there.  The burger was great. But I ate it so fast - that it was not enjoyed like it deserved.  The prices were a bit high for the beer and food.  After all - it's just a bar.Got my check, and split.I guess if I'd have been there between 1pm-4pm - maybe not so crammed.  But I won't be back. Very uncomfortable.  I found an Irish Pub a couple blocks away that wasn't crammed and had a larger menu and the same beers & pricing.
#REVIEW#Nice neighborhood pub off the beaten path and a great vibe. Great tap selection and good company!
#REVIEW#This bar is so cozy and adorable. When I walked past and saw the fall decor inside I knew I'd have to stop in for a drink. The wooden ceiling beams are lined with leaf string lights and there are more decorative fall leaves hanging over the bar area. Pumpkin candles are flickering and there are a variety of seasonal fall beers on tap. Yes I'm guilty of being a basic fall lovin' gal, so this could not have made me happier. My visit was short - just long enough to enjoy one Moscow mule. The food looked above average for bar fare, so I'd definitely come back to enjoy some eats. Also a random thing to note but the bathroom was exceptionally clean for a bar. And there are plenty of tvs if a game is on. I'm wondering if they also decorate like this for the holidays. If so, I'd definitely love to come back to check it out.
#REVIEW#We came here to have a casual dinner. Food is amazing we had the philly cheese flatbread and the Buffalo wings. They also have a great variety of beer and great music. Great place to come and chill for a little bit for dinner and drinks!
#REVIEW#I came here a few weeks ago with my coworkers. The food was pretty good. I got the chicken caprese sandwich with a side salad. The food came out quickly and the service was good..
#REVIEW#Great food and drinks.  Atmosphere was quaint and cute!  I would recommend if you are in the area.
#REVIEW#I and my girlfriend have ordered there chicken burgers and it was really tasty. Place is cozy and clean. Everything is a bit pricey, specially when you see one prices and get different bill. But at the end we are still hapy with good food service
#REVIEW#This place was and ehhhhhhhh for me.....- Thought my expectations were in check; bar joint + super simple menu- Had dinner plans for work, and wasn't in the mood for anything "fancy," ie- this looked like a perfect spot for a burger + a beer, based on Yelp reviews- Beer, all good- Service, no worries there- Burger, ehhhhhhh- average and if based on cost, didn't cut it!Looks like I'm in the minority here, so go enjoy!  This place just didn't "do it" for me.....
#REVIEW#Food was good service was slow. French onion soup was very good. Alfredo lobster was a red sauce not the traditional white/Parmesan cream sauce that makes "Alfredo" Alfredo. Friend Doritos chicken sandwich and it was good- different. Is there friend had the ribeye off the specials menu and it was fantastic and large portion. Potatoes were really good. Coffee run Hamburger was ok. Nothing special
#REVIEW#This is my favorite pub inNew York!  Extremely friendly bartender Sonya! and the food that is out of this world - burger and a made from scratch! salmon burger are a must!  Sweet potato fries that have real sugar on them! - yum!  Great deals for lunch specials And the atmosphere is amazing! - very cozy and home like!  A must visit spot!
#REVIEW#I love this spot as my work is close by, the food is actually fantastic and I've ordered to go a few times. Their cocktails are awesome and the bartenders are super sweet!
#REVIEW#We stopped in for dinner. It was great!! Four of us and two burgers were ordered. They looked amazing. I ordered the CABELT. That too was delicious. The last dish was Fish and chips. The eater really enjoyed it. I had the Irish Mule that was cool and refreshing. They have a large beer selection. I would recommend trying it when you are in New York!
#REVIEW#What a find!! We were wandering around NYC on Memorial Day and had some time to kill before a show. I was hoping to find a quiet Irish Pub to grab a drink and a snack and happened to see a sidewalk advertising/sandwich board with a LOT of very good information: $4 PBR specials, many varieties of available whiskey and draft beers, food specials...etc. It wasn't too crowded due to the off hour and we made ourselves comfortable at the bar. The original plan was to have a quick drink and snack...then to head back out to find somewhere else to land for dinner. Nope! We stayed and chatted with the awesome staff until we had to leave for our play. We also really enjoyed talking to the Marine seated next to us...he was in town for a month but looking forward to getting back to his family in Japan. We quietly bought him a couple of PBR's to thank him for his service.The only food we had were the nachos; the 2 Guinness filled me up otherwise. Nachos were good - perfect for sharing.The bartender was adorable...and his Irish brogue just added to the authenticity of the entire experience.If I'm in this neck of the woods again, I'll absolutely pop in here.
