#NAME#Gramercy Tavern
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/gramercy-tavern-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Went their for our 6 month anniversary on a Tuesday early dinner mission . It is hard to get on weekends. Spectacular! The bread to die for...the goat butter uuuufffffThe red ruby shrimp....the pork belly...lamb shoulder ...the service.....the dessert!!!!! One of our best meals in NY to date!
#REVIEW#Ambiance: I loved all the flower decor! Average to low noise level, perfect for a lovely date or just friends get together!Food: my friend and I both had the tasting menu with wine pairing. Portion size was small. My favorite was fried tilefish and pork with asparagus. Roasted duck breast and strawberry dessert was okay. Scallop appetizer didn't really suit my taste, celery was way too overpowering. Wine was just average. Oh did I mention that the bread here is one of the best breads I've ever had in NYC? So soft and amazing texture! Service: our server Ben was very warm and attentive. This is, mind you, a non tipping restaurant. Yet the service surpassed many tipping ones. Will definitely be back to try more a la carte items!
#REVIEW#Go for the lunch tasting menu as you'll be able to try many different items without breaking the bank. For me and my lunch guests personally, the food was a little on the salty side. Service was accommodating and having gratuity included was a nice bonus. Solid spot, but just missing that last little oomph to make it outstanding.
#REVIEW#For such a highly rated restaurant, maybe my expectations were too high, but I was slightly disappointed in the food. The ambiance is worth 5 stars- beautiful, fancy yet quaint, upscale yet comfortable. I came with two girlfriends for lunch and while overall it was a pleasant and good dining experience, with all the AMAZING food in New York, it just was not my favorite. Maybe it was because we didn't order the tasting menu? The seasonal Arctic char was my favorite. Great textures, tender and cooked to perfection. A little saltier than I prefer but overall good flavor. The Brussels sprouts salad was also delicious. A little sweet with a nice crunch. The squid ink tagliatelle was just a little off. It was very salty and had a weird, licorice aftertaste. Maybe its an acquired taste but I would probably try something else next time.
#REVIEW#It doesn't get much better than this! In many ways Gramercy Tavern is New York's quintessential fine dining restaurant. The ambiance is only exceeded by the service and the service is only exceeded by the food. Every element of the experience is perfect. We were a large party with an infant, but they never missed a beat. Gramercy Tavern is fine dining at its very best. We have been coming to Gramercy Tavern since it opened and we will be back again and again. Bravo Danny!
#REVIEW#This place is amazing! I've never gone to their dining room for lunch/dinner, but I did go to their tavern area for lunch. Such a good value for the price. It's also a non-tipping restaurant and service is fantastic. I came here for lunch and I got the Citrus Salad which was essentially an artisan salad. It had candied walnuts, salsa verde and kohlrabi. For my main dish I got the grilled sea bass which had potatoes and bacon and garnished with dill. Very well cooked and refreshing. This place lives up to its hype and is honestly a true gem.
#REVIEW#Really great staff, service and food. We had ordered the fluke, the shrimp, the sea bass, and the steak tartare. (really good) Their angel bread was delicious and comes with a goat cheese spread. I could have eaten that as the meal itself, it was probably my favorite thing about the entire dinnOn a side note for those who drive by car to get here: when we had arrived we had asked the Gramercy staff where we could park. They had said that there was an "icon" parking and if they stamp the receipt we'd get a discount. This was not honored by icon, and we were disappointed that we were told otherwise by the restaurant staff.
#REVIEW#Gramercy Tavern has the best service ever. They are attentive, friendly, and cheerful.We had the lunch tasting menu and it was delicious. My favorite dish was the squid ink pasta! I was not a fan of the halibut - it was lukewarm and a bit bland. The pomegranate mousse was rich, creamy, but still refreshing.
#REVIEW#I had been wanted to come here, but it's ALWAYS packed. So I decided to make a reservation and got the first one I could find on a Saturday about 3 weeks out. When I showed up it was crowded as usual. I had to wait about 5 min to get to the host stand. The vibe here is casual. Both in the tavern and the dining room. Despite the white table cloths, many of the patrons around me were in jeans. I am not sure what I was expecting, but I thought it was going to be slightly more fancy than this. The service was great. Always someone around and people checked in with me frequently to see if I liked my food. I ordered the vegetarian tasting menu. First bite from the kitchen - these are always good no matter what they are. I enjoyed mine, though I couldn't tell you what was in it other than I think it contained kohlrabi.Hakurei TurnipTrumpet Mushrooms, Ponzu. The mushroom was meaty, in a good way. It was bright and tangy from the ponzu. CauliflowerBurrata, Almonds, croutons. Oh my goodness was this good. It was creamy, crunchy. I liked the different textures from the different cauliflower (cooked vs shaved raw). The burrata and the green sauce on the bottom! Oh my! So good. Winter citrus with quinoa. I wasn't a huge fan of this dish. I think it was missing something, but I'm not sure what. The quinoa was cooked well and flavorful. I think perhaps it was missing something with a bit more of a crunchy texture. Ricotta CavatelliButternut Squash, Kale, Pumpkin Seeds - I really enjoyed this dish. It was small, but heavy. The pasta was thick but had a nice almost gummy texture, which went nicely with the sauce. The sauces in there were creamy and rich, and the pumpkin seeds added a nice crunch.  I really enjoyed this! Next was the roasted mushrooms. Following the earlier mushroom dish which I enjoyed, I didn't care for this one as much.  A variety of mushrooms, but I didn't finish. Next was the apple sorbet pallet cleanser. Light and fresh. Finally was the caramelized cheesecake. This was like a cross between creme brûlée and a cheesecake. I enjoyed the flavors and texture. I appreciate that Danny Meyer restaurants are no tipping facilities. I like knowing when I go in how much I'm going to spend, and appreciate even more that the service is still impeccable.Overall, a few standout dishes and a few that were just okay. Great service. Casual ambiance. I'll try the raven next time (if I can ever get a table) to try out that burger!
#REVIEW#Returned to try the Tavern room on a weeknight and waited about an hour to walk in.  Didn't like the cocktails (blood meridian was too spicy, French 75 was not my thing) but food was fantastic. My boyfriend and I shared:+ Duck live mousse - this was to die for + burger with chips - awesome though I think Nomad Bar is still my favorite burger ever + Mushroom lasagna - Tad too much vinegar but great+ Apple sundae - carob was weird but rest was great Overall I think the Dining room is a much better experience, but the tavern is definitely still worth trying.
#REVIEW#Its nice to be able to get top notch food and drinks in the city without having to get all dressed up. We got the tasting menu and the food and service were both great. Every course was spot on. The staff is great at explaining what everything is and were very accommodating with requested substitutions.
#REVIEW#I love this place and always enjoy sitting at the bar with a glass of wine, however, food has been a bit of a disappointment. I tried Gramercy burger last time I was there and it was nothing special, definitely had better. Today I tried duck liver mousse which was very creamy with no taste and the toast was very salty. Great place for drinks and probably for sit down dinner but food served at the bar is not the best one.
#REVIEW#My bf and I came here on a Friday night. We booked almost a month in advance for the main dining room. Pre-fixed menu is $134 including tips. The atmosphere was nice. I got Hamachi for appetizer, striped bass for entree, and cheese plate for dessert. Striped Bass was so delicious with the thick sauce. The pre-dinner bread was amazing. My bf got lamb, he thinks that's just so so.Service was great, but they were kinda busy so I couldn't find anyone to get out check at the end. But overall it wad good.
#REVIEW#This burger was delectable.We walked in without reservation for a quick bite after a Broadway show and were seated within 10 minutes by the lovely host Kiersten. The decor of the restaurant is gorgeous, with flowers and beautiful murals all over the restaurant.We kept our order simple with burgers and a cheese plate, but both were great and service was fast and efficient. Would definitely recommend a visit here!
#REVIEW#(Really 3.5 stars) Had the 6 course tasting menu. All of the food was at least good, some of it great, and one or two of the dishes were outstanding. All in, though, it was somehow still not a very memorable meal. And while portion sizes are supposed to be on the smaller end for a coursed menu set, some of the dishes were offensively small. The "lobster" was served as three mini--I kid you not--dime-sized medallions, though in a reasonably tasty sauce. And the savory finale was a slice of (while perfectly done) steak that could not have been more than 1.5 oz. Maybe we can chalk my experience up to the psychology of outsized expectations. Perhaps, sometimes, it doesn't pay to have your reputation precede you.
#REVIEW#Gramercy Tavern has been around for years and somehow continues to be at the top of their game. We came here for dinner and they had a four course pre-fix dinner where you get a few options for each course. Of course being gluten free always makes this challenging since there are less options for each course. However the staff was ready for us, guided us through the menu, made great recommendation and accommodated our restrictions with missing a beat. The gluten-free bread with goat milk butter was better than regular bread. Made glad to be gluten free. The wine recommendation was perfect and complemented our meal well. My wife had beef and I had chicken so that was amazing. The desert was crazy good. My wife had a fantastic cheese plate and I had a flourless chocolate cake with coconut pistachio ice cream that was simply way too good. But the best part was the next morning. Sometimes due to cross contamination or general carelessness with service and ingredients, I feel bloated or worse. But not this time. I woke up feeling great. Gramercy is not cheap, but if you want clean food done right, this is the place.
#REVIEW#The lunch tasting menu for $89 (gratuity included!) is really solid. Each of the five courses (with a palate cleanser and a bread to start) was tasty with no fault. Sure, nothing was amazing and outstanding like a tasting menu 2-3x its price would be, but everything was dependably yummy. My only gripe with the meal was that the our lunch took 2 hours, when I didn't really think it needed to be. The menu we were served was slightly different from what was on the website, though.The bread was a fluffy whole wheat bun with a crisp exterior, almost like a fried mantou. It had a bit of salt on it, which added just a touch of oomph. The first starter was a fluke with apples and kohlrabi - the fish was in sizeable chunks with a smooth meaty texture, and the acidic dressing complemented it very well.Next came another seafood course - I forgot what it was - something that felt like scallops, but it also had a tasty sauce around it. The pasta dish was a squid ink pasta with an incredibly savory and umami lobster sauce, this was delicious. The meat dish was a wedge of duck that again was cooked to the right doneness. At this point, I didn't feel like there was quite enough food, and was almost prepared to get sushi after until the dessert came.Our palate cleanser was an apple sorbet with vanilla oil (tasted like adult applesauce!), followed by a dessert of a vanilla yogurt mousse with a molasses-y pomegranate sauce. I really liked how light the dessert was - it wasn't necessarily calorically light, but the fact that it was yogurt and fruit instead of, I don't know, something baked and chocolate, made it really easy to wash down, and I felt satisfied at the end of the meal instead of sluggish and tired.
#REVIEW#Beautiful restaurant. Great staff, very knowledgeable of the menu. The food was unreal, I still can't get the goat cheese butter off my mind. The bolognese was so good I scraped the plate clean. Fabulous restaurant, I will definitely recommend to any of my friend who visit New York City.
#REVIEW#This now my favorite restaurant on the planet! We had an incredible experience last night, the service, food and atmosphere were unbeatable! This is a must for anyone that wants to experience dinning perfection!The service was the most exceptional part of the experience! Don't think it could be beat even at Buckingham palace.
#REVIEW#In the words of Phil Collins, "I've been waiting for this moment, for all my life, oh Lord."Gramercy Tavern has been on my foodie bucket list for nearly 20 years. Finally, I can check this one off my list.My friend and I had reservations in the main dining room for lunch. They offered an al a carte menu, but my server convinced me to go for the Vegetarian Tasting Menu. It actually didn't take that much convincing because 5 courses for $79 is a real bargain. (By the way, I count dessert as a course). My friend ordered The Daily for $48 which included 3 courses.Here's how I graded each dish:Angel biscuits AJalapeño corn biscuit A+Tomato soup C-Corn tortellini ARoasted eggplant B-Sea bass A-Caramel cheesecake BThis is a non-tipping establishment, but that did not impact their service. Our server was unpretentious and very attentive. The restaurant itself had a very cozy feel to it. I was not expecting that at all! There's not even an official dress code, although business casual is preferred during lunch. I'm looking forward to my next visit, where I'm definitely getting their famous $38 burger.
