#NAME#Coppelia
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/coppelia-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cuban#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Boom!Not my first time here and will not be my last. They added some Argentinian dishes and sauces. Even some Argentinian staff. The food here is the best late night eats in NYC!! Try everything. You will not be disappointed. Don't be turned off by late night club/partiers etc. they have a great staff including a door man that has always been super friendly.
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch recently, and it's still a decent spot. I got some sort of cuban fried rice.. damn, what was it called again? Anyway, I got a lunch special and I think it was like $13.50 or something before tax. It was decent, though not a very large portion. I also go a flan, which was really nice, and I think cost about $7. I think I might come back here in the future just for the flan, since it's one of my favorite desserts, and because I think these guys do it well.Coppelia's customer service is also suspect. I emailed them recently through their online portal, asking them a question about the menu. It's been a week, and no one has emailed me back yet. Sad.
#REVIEW#Honestly the food was great, but the service/wait time completely threw me and my friends off... We had to wait over an hour and a half for a table for 8, and was told we'd have to wait for a certain table, but that table would not leave and the host would not kick them out even though they were done. Also shoutout to the host for lying about the wait time he told us by saying he told my friend 30 mins and it's only been 35 mins, when in fact over an hour and a half passed!! Not sure if I'll be coming back because the host is ridiculous.
#REVIEW#Very popular spot. The sweet corn and cheese empanada and Cuban sandwich were good.
#REVIEW#Long overdue update. Opinion-there is nothing not to like about Coppelia.  From the outside, it appears to be a diner, but it's not your ordinary diner.  Coppelia is a diner with Cuban flavor and although I have only  eaten here a couple times for brunch/breakfast, I really love the vibe, energy, décor, friendly waitstaff and food!My recent visits allowed me to select from their breakfast/brunch category. First time I tried the delicious 2 eggs any style --served with Cuban toast and home fries.  I was very satisfied by the quality of food, portion and price point ($9.95). Hit all the right notes.I dropped in yesterday and was craving eggs again since it was late breakfast/early lunch time. (BTW, breakfast is served all day and the diner is open 24 hours).I was torn between a few options but ultimately went with the Tacos Heuvos which was two eggs scrambled, Monterey jack cheese, bacon and pico de gallo. I asked for the bacon to be eliminated. No problem. Minutes later, 2 soft tacos arrived, delicious and satisfying (although not a huge portion, but fine for me). A previous Yelp check in offered a perk of either a free iced tea or soft drink so I was able to redeem it for a diet coke.Neighboring tables were being served colorful cocktails (they have a full bar) and some interesting main dishes such as Arroz con Pollo.I have my eye on the veggie burger for next time and instead of ordering regular fries, I'll go with Yuca fries. Their main entrees seem to average around $20--quite reasonable.Coppelia continues to be a home run for me and I'm eager to return and order real food next time, including a cocktail (Mojito please!).If you crave a diner with Latin flavor (and food), good service, great food and ambiance salsa your way to Coppelia. I guarantee you'll be happy you did.
#REVIEW#I had a lovely breakfast here with a friend.  I had oatmeal with fruit (mixed berries) which was very nice and she had huevos rancheros with a side of pulled pork that looked absolutely amazing.  Coffee (americano) was delish.  The service was excellent.
#REVIEW#Came here on 1st Friday early afternoon in May as soon as we got to NYC.  Took Uber from Tripper drop-off so we didn't have parking issues to address.  We were seated promptly. The seating is tight, diner-style. The vibe is loud and festive. We ordered the oxtail empanadas for starters, which was outstanding; shared 2 entrees: churrasco, which was good (flank steak a tiny bit tough) and lomo saltado, which was very good.Wait staff is prompt and courteous.
#REVIEW#Stopped by on Tuesday night around 8 PM, surprised that there was still a line. Thank goodness I was able to snatch a seat at the bar for two. Wait a minute, drink first. Two ciders beer since it was a cider all night $5 special. Alright, food time. Burger craving that comes with pork and chicharron. Added a side of spicy fries (sauce was kickin). The SO ordered the pork chicharron sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries. Sadly both fries were not crispy. The burger didn't have much pork and chicharron, not flavorful. The pork sandwich was very good. Price is pretty good for Manhattan. I would come back to give it another shot, probably order the skirt steak next time since many people ordered it. They have a happy hour from 4-7 pm, $7 cocktails.
#REVIEW#Owned by Francis Ford Coppelia, obviously.Cute little Cuban place with good food and a super amazing late night crowd full of absolutely spectacularly gorgeous people. Definitely a good place to hang out at 3 in the morning on a weekend night in Manhattan. So this is not bad but there's sometimes the lines get long because there are not that many tables and they should totally find a way to expand because they are busy enough and they would make a lot more money if they did.Not to be confused with Coprophagia. Hi.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch with my girlfriends. It's a fun atmosphere but definitely gets packed! Our waiter was very attentive and humorous. All of our food was pretty good though the descriptions make it sound more scrumptious than is the reality. I ordered mango pancakes that only had unrippened pieces of mango sprinkled on top. However, the drinks were really good and we enjoyed the place overall. It's definitely worth checking it out if you're in a pickle or looking for something that's more budget friendly.
#REVIEW#Finally, we have decided to try new dishes at this place and not our usuals which is always good. Their grilled shrimp for any of their salads are awesome, chicken quesadillas was ok because they used a big piece of grilled chicken breast instead of chopping it up into little pieces, fried calamari/octopus/shrimp was ok and I like octopus the most, the pork sandwich was no good but their Cuban sandwich we got last time was awesome. The only thing I don't like about that place is it's way too loud, we can't even have a decent conversation there. They are open 24/7
#REVIEW#Let me start by saying they're open 24 Hours!!! If that wasn't enough to get your attention, let me assure you the food and drinks will be enjoyable. Since it was my first time going, I asked the server for suggestions and decided to try and share a few things, their calamari (great), a sandwich cubano, a steak platter and Cuba Colada! The cubano is one of the best I've had in the city, the steak was great but the rice wasn't to die for & the drink wowowowow I the flavor of this cocktail made me feel like I was by a beach enjoying some sun if that makes sense :)Definitely a summer drink that's worth coming for!
#REVIEW#It's places like this that make me reconsider my decision to settle down in SF. I'm still a little jet lagged, so finding myself wide awake at midnight craving a second dinner (or regular dinner, if you're still on Pacific time) was a little unnerving... until Coppelia came to the rescue!It's insane to me that a restaurant this good can operate on a 24/7 schedule. Usually, it's mostly pizza, donut shops, and other fast foods that are open - cheap, greasy digs that aren't satisfying if you're one of those dieting types like me that will evaluate food on whether it's "worth it for the calories". That said, Coppelia is TOTALLY worth it - price AND calorie wise.My partner and I had the yucca fries, lomo saltado, and the fish tacos. All 3 dishes were solid. It was my first time having yucca fries and lomo saltado... absolutely delish! The yucca fries come with a divine chimichurri sauce - we even asked for seconds. I don't know jack about Cuban food, but damn, that sauce is legit. I'd come again just for the fries.The lomo saltado was also great - huge portion (didn't finish it) with tender meat and a nice flavor balance. It may be a little too salty if you're like me and don't eat much rice, but with the rice the balance is on point. The fish tacos were also good, but I hate to say that SoCal takes it on this one.What shocked me was how crowded Coppelia was - we barely got a seat at 1:30am, and there was still a good crowd when we left at 3am. Unfortunately, since it's a place for the "after partying" crowd, some of the other patrons were a bit tipsy - nothing terrible, but there was definitely some spilling water/clumsiness that's a bit annoying when the place is so packed. I understand though - when a place is as good as Coppelia, it makes sense that it'd be crowded - hence not deducting a star. Service was a bit slow, but everyone was friendly.I'm not the partying type (more of the stay-up-all-night-coding-type), but I'd return in a second. I'm eyeing the churrasco next time.
#REVIEW#This Cuban place is UNREAL. First off it's open really late so it's good for all your post-bar munchies! They have reasonable prices and really quick service. And this place is very authentic, real-deal Cuban. Their guacamole was honestly some of the best I've ever had in my life. Literally scraped the bowl clean. And it comes with the authentic corn nachos And fried yuca chips, not tostitos from a bag. I also got the burger which was unbelievable, it had something crispy fried on top of it and I'm not even sure what it was but it was delicious! Will certainly be back soon!
#REVIEW#Okay, we go frequently and never had a bad experience. Always consistent and always good. We sat at the bar for once and it was pleasant. Such a treat. Thank you! PS The walnut cookies are everything.
#REVIEW#Honestly, let me say the food and drink were tasty and no issues with flavors, the tacos were small but still tasty.However, your wait staff can ruin a good thing.  I used to wait tables and I know how frustrating it can be.  However, if you are a yes yes yes yes type and still getting it wrong then its u honey!!  If you are trying to be shady to get more tip...wrong way of doing it!!!  Do not pull out a note pad to doodle on it, make actual notes!!!  If you don't understand verbally call over your manager that's what they get paid for to help you out when needed?!?!?!We were a party of 7 we asked for separate checks she said she could only do 3, cool!!  So since she made the suggestions you would think its something she can handle....NOPE!  First she did not separate the checks/orders in her "note pad" so how did she think the checks were going to come out right!?!?    Long story short ALL 3 checks had issues and had to be sent back (mine twice)....and now SHE seems flustered??  In the end my card got charge first 71.69 lord only knows where she got this amount from cuz our check was 72 and change?!?!?  We told her $30 on the card and $45 in cash???  If she charge my card 71.96 what did she do with the cash??  In the end I was charge a total of $101.96 for corn on the cob, small azz fish tacos(tasty but small AF) and a mojito?!?!?  When I called on Monday the friendly person handled the issue but of course now i have to wait 3-5 days to get my 71.96 back??!?!   All around I think the waitress tried to do some shady work and thought we wasn't going to catch it or bother?!?!? OR her comprehension & math levels are low.  Either way playing with peoples hard earned money isn't a good look!
#REVIEW#Great spot for some Delicious Cuban food and  really great cocktails. Highly recommend the Empanadas , mango Caipirinha and the Churasco, which is steak with Chimichurri sauce, sweet plantains, fried Brussel sprouts and rice with beans  They have Happy hour until 7 pm and really great selection of drinks  The place is also open 24/7 so you can basically grab a nice meal at anytime of day any day. What I do not recommend ordering is the mixed fried seafood. It was over fried and dry and not really seasoned well. Ambience is a bit diner like. So it's on the causal side but still cute and romantic for a nice meal. Service was pretty good as well. All the servers were nice with smiles on their faces and friendly. Prices are pretty reasonable as well. Overall a great spot and definitely worth a try.
#REVIEW#My boyfriend and I were freezing cold, it was late, and we were starving! I wanted to try a Spanish Tapas bar nearby but unfortunately every restaurant in this area closes pretty early T_T Then comes Coppelia. After seeing the 24 hour sign in the window I was relieved! Then I learned it was Cuban cuisine and I was excited. PERIODT!! We were seated right away from the friendly staff although it was pretty packed on a Sunday night.If you want a heavy and deliciously filling meal, order the Lomo or the Churrasco. The short ribs from the Lomo MELT in your mouth! And the Churrasco can be cooked to medium rare perfectly! Not to mention the food comes out in a jiffy.  I also recommend trying the Sangria Blanco (pictured). It just tastes like Pineapple Juice. To top it off, there's a cute donut pub located right next to this place!!! Too bad we were already stuffed and satisfied from this delicious meal.
#REVIEW#This store opens 24/7! Usually very packs with their happy hours from 4pm-7pm. I came here one day after work with a few of my friends. The service here was great, we didn't have to wait long for our table since we got there around 5pm. We each got an happy hour drink and I was pretty surprised by it. Usually happy hour drinks aren't that strong but this place blew my mind. I took a slip and I already taste all the alcohol that was mix in. I'll be definitely coming back here more often to try all their other drinks and food.
#REVIEW#Overall, a really great spot for Cuban food! It had a very Mom & Pop feel to it and the staff was very friendly and helpful! There was a bit of a wait to get served but it was around lunch time so it was not a big deal. The frito de mar was amazing and the sauce was so tasty we asked for more. It was a passion fruit sauce that was slightly sweet. The spicy fries were wonderful and well seasoned. The arroz con pollo was very well seasoned and flavorful. We had hot sauce, which was homemade and incredible hot! If you're not a fan of spicy or can only handle a mild amount, I advise caution with the hot sauce. This was a wonderful restaurant that I would definitely revisit if I'm in the area again.
