#NAME#Nino's 46
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ninos-46-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,gluten_free,pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#First of all The Clam Linguine and the Lobster and shrimp fettuccine drunken Alfredo was a 10/10!The clam linguine was very fresh and light with a white wine garlic butter sauce. The clams were big juicy and fresh as well unlike some other places that use old frozen clams.Next the lobster and jumbo shrimp fettuccine with drunken Alfredo sauce was phenomenal. The shrimp was huge and so tender and seasoned perfectly! No frozen shrimp or lobster here! Lastly the drunken Alfredo sauce was so creamy and rich in flavor. Unlike other places that use sauce that is very watery and tasteless. You could definitely tell the cooks here put in quality time in each dish!
#REVIEW#Fantastic food and bustling atmosphere. The restaurant and atmosphere I went here for a team dinner with over 30 in the group. The place was able to handle big sizes with ease. Being in large group we were all in a long table. Service was great. Very responsive wait staff. It's very noisy during prime time. So don't go here if you're looking for an intimate atmosphere or talk in normal voice, you'll have to yell. The foodFantastic. Large groups can preorder a set menu option. We had- appetizer - pizzas - various kinds, delicious but nothing extraordinary being in NY with a hundred pizza place nearby- appetizer - octopus - super delicious. Very tender and not "fishy" at all. HIGHLY recommend - appetizer - meatballs - juicy deliciousness. HIGHLY recommend- appetizer - salad - typical fare- entree - milk braised short ribs - PHENOMENAL, they braise it for 2 days in milky the meat just falls off when you sink your fork into it and melts in your mouth
#REVIEW#Excellent food but inattentive service (and they add a 20% gratuity without  asking).  The portion sizes are generous - it's reasonable to just split an entree.  We ordered a ravioli, eggplant parmigiana, and a pizza.  All tasted fantastic.  In particular the pizza was savory and covered in cheese (opposed to the lazy pizza places that throw on a few slices in an 'artistic' arrangement).  The wine options were complimentary.
#REVIEW#Took a few friends out here for a nice FNO (Friend's Night Out). We were looking for something in the Times Square area and as I've been here before, I recommended this place. Last time I came, it was really early on (5 pm), and there was no one in the restaurant other than our group! This time, we went at 6:30 pm on a Friday and it was PACKED. We were seated immediately still, though, with our reservation (would recommend getting one if you're coming during peak dinner hours). We all got pastas of some sort, myself the chicken parmesan spaghetti, and shared a spicy vodka sauce pizza/truffle mac and cheese bites to share. Everything was delicious! I was really surprised at how juicy the chicken in the chicken parm was, as it's really hard to do and often the chicken parms I get are just okay. I really liked the pizza, and think that my next visit here I will try another pizza too as the crust was delicious. They wood fire them in the back, in a giant oven! Overall a wonderful experience, def will be back. Highly recommend for fairly priced Italian food in the Times Square/Midtown area.
#REVIEW#We enjoyed this restaurant for it's nice decor, great location and pretty good food. While we didn't get the pizza, we did get three appetizers and mains for everyone. The sushito peppers were pretty nicely roasted and came with some glazed tomatoes. We also got the tuna tartare which had a good flavor, but a weird color. Truffle Mac and cheese balls were crunchy and flavorful but broke apart, signaling that the macaroni The fish was fantastic, and expertly fillet'd. Pasta was excellent and tasted homemade! I'm taking off a star because it seemed most dishes had a flaw to it. Also, the service was kind of slow and the place kind of empty, leaving a weird kind of vibe.
#REVIEW#This place was tasty although I've had better pesto pasta.A friend and I were meeting two of my Birthright friends, one of whom lives in NJ and one whom lived in Queens, and we found this place nearby the hotel. One of my friends made a 6pm reservation. We arrived and still had to wait 10-15 minutes, as it's a tiny place.I ordered the oriechette (sp?) pasta with pesto and sausage. Later I wish I had ordered a pizza, as they have a coal oven and it looked really good. My friend and I split the Brussels sprouts, also, which were salty, lemony, and delicious. My other friends got the linguine with clams, and said it was good, as well as some wine.Cute, intimate little restaurant and I would come here again, though probably for pizza this time.
#REVIEW#My mom and I booked a last minute reservation here for 5:45-6 pm before a weekend broadway show and it was wonderful! Our waiter was so friendly and helpful, and even made jokes with us. My pasta (rotini bolognese) and my mom's dish (chicken parm) was off the charts good and filled with flavor! We will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#Overall this was a run-of-the-mill meal; nothing went terribly wrong but I also won't be recommending this place to a friend. What I couldn't get over though was the Green Pie pizza that we got, which looked very different than the other pictures I've seen on yelp. There were barely any toppings, the whole pizza was drenched in oil and soggy, and it was too salty. Honestly I'd prefer the 99 cent pizza around the corner. We ate one slice and couldn't finish the rest, which I was really sad about since I hate wasting food. Anyway, enough about the pizza...the lamb lasagna tasted fine. (But wasn't good enough to offset the pizza experience.)Lastly the service was pretty curt, with a waiter who didn't smile, took our order, and disappeared. In a city with countless tasty options, I'd be hard pressed to come back here again.
#REVIEW#I had my last dinner in NY here last week and I had a very nice experience. To start, I'd made a reservation for 5 PM, even though it was just me traveling alone but it wasn't necessary. I brought my suitcase with me and I was a bit frazzled between the rain and the bag, but the hostess was kind enough to let me keep my bag near me and tucked me in a corner spot. It was very much appreciated.I started with a glass of chardonnay and the mac and cheese bites. Guys, those were epic! I had in mind that I wouldn't eat the whole plate, but I did and it was worth it. Delicious mac n cheese, with a perfect arancini outside, with a dijon dipping sauce. It was crazy good. Then, because I'd read that they make all their own noodles, I decided to try their chicken parmesan. I really enjoyed the al dente, and clearly homemade, noodle and the sauce and chicken was great. It started filling up when I was leaving around 6:15 PM, but I'd had a great meal with pleasant service, and was happy to get a spot so near Times Square of such quality.
#REVIEW#Shared calamari, two pizzas, and the spinach gnudi among three people and that was the perfect amount of food. The calamari and pizzas were definitely not the best I've ever had. However, the spinach gnudi stood out to me. It was tasty and had a nice texture and it was fun to eat. Despite being spinach, they were pretty filling. On a Thursday night, Nino's was pretty crowded during dinner time. Taste | 3.5Atmosphere | 3.5Presentation | 3.5Service | 3OVERALL | 3.5
#REVIEW#Cute little Italian restaurant two blocks from Rockefeller Center. We went in on a Saturday night with 6 people and no reservations so we took what was left of the bar.Being a vegetarian I quickly found my few selections, which with Italian food is usually more than enough.I asked about the green pie which was kale, artichokes and some other veggie goodies on a white pizza Very tasty. Fresh beautiful pizza !!' Yummmmm:)My hubs got the margarita pizza and was happy with it as well.Our friends got the spare ribs, steak, pizza with sausage and different salads all around .Being the yelper and finding the place, everyone said "great find!"So thanks to Nino's for a great Saturday night dinner and for the fresh fabulous Italian and great service.White pear martini and Chianti were also super tasty!
#REVIEW#I came here with my co-workers during lunch one day. The food was great ! However, it was very disappointing that they were not serving pizza on that day. Instead, I got chicken parm which was served with spaghetti. It was still really good and I highly recommend this place
#REVIEW#We reserved a table for two for a Friday night dinner at Nino's 46 with Open-table app. We arrived 15min earlier but our reservation was honored and we were seated in few minutes. Our waiter arrived shortly and asked us about drinks. We had two appetizers for each of us, both were salads ( Kale salad and tomato mozzarella salad) and we liked them. They were tasty and light. We ordered two individual pizza : lamb sausage pizza and another one similar to margarita (fancier name) pizza arrived around 10min after we finished the appetizer plates so the pace was good. We did not feel rushed as this was a small restaurant, I thought that could happen- but no. This was a plus. Our pizza arrived hot and fresh from oven.The only concern I had was with my fancier margarita pizza. I found it very greasy with a non special cheese taste and tomato sauce did not tasted good either. I couldn't help but compare pizza with another italian place upper east side (numero 28) which had A-amazing tasting margarita- like pizza, which was (unfortunate for this place) the last pizza I ate. So I kind of set the bar Really high for this place. My husband liked his lamb sausage pizza so again I expected (maybe too much) tastier pizza from here that disappointed me and I ended up eating only half of it in the end.After pizza, we had a salted creme brûlée with salted caramel, which had a very nice, balanced sweet and salty taste. We shared it two people and it was just right on top of the whole meal.Overall, we did found the check very reasonable for Manhattan level, two appetizer- two entree and dessert to share. I recommend this place for a cosy, Italian dinner with a reasonable price.
#REVIEW#The best service I have experienced in any restaurant, and in NYC of all places! Needed to find a gluten-free friendly place, and this came up in our search. If you're celiac, this is a great place to eat. I originally ordered the gluten-free pizza, and the waiter told me he didn't recommend that for celiacs due to them using the same pizza oven as the regular pizzas. He suggested a gluten-free pasta dish instead. It was delicious. I didn't feel like a massive inconvenience or that annoying allergy person we all know. They even brought out some warm gluten free bread with oil while I waited. This place is super kid friendly. It doesn't look it would be, but it is. The waiter paid a lot of attention to my young daughter and had her laughing and enjoying herself. He brought her milk with a lid, and knew right away what sort of pizza she'd like. She felt pretty important. He even brought a check for her to sign at the end! Oh, and he ate a pez candy she handed him with her kid fingers. That's a stand up guy right there. Wish I could remember his name. I highly recommend this place, and we'll certainly be back. Don't forget to make reservations, because it's small and popular.
#REVIEW#Had a bit of a rushed dinner here at the bar because I was getting my friends to a show, but this is definitely a good spot to eat pre-show. Just make sure you make reservations because the place is packed 6-6:30 when I was trying to get 3 seats. Still, despite forgetting to make a reservation, the bar was not bad at all. Our bartender was very nice and we were offered a dinner menu straight away. I had the lamb lasagna and it was good (presented beauti as well), but I do have to say that there was a crunchy gristly bit in it towards the end. The martini I ordered was a bit too sugary as well. However my friends loved their spaghetti dish so I am just going to toss mine up to the luck of the draw. If I ever book tickets to another broadway show, I wouldn't object to going here again.
#REVIEW#TL; DR: I've been twice in the past month, can't wait for the next visit, and am tremendously scared about how I am going to pace myself once they open their next location, three blocks from my apt in Astoria (SO EXCITED!!).  What more you need to know?All it:I'm still stuck on "what more you need to know?  Just GO!"  It's a Celiac-friendly place where a "gimme ALLLL ya gluten!" dude like me doesn't miss one grain.  They do gluten-filled food equally well.  That lobster fettuccine would make me disown someone for one more bite (and that lamb lasagnette ain't nothin' to sneeze at!).  The single best gluten-free pizza anywhere (you cannot tell the difference in look, taste, texture...years of dedication and work showing!  AMAZING!).  Tremendous handling of chicken and all proteins.  Phenomenal beverages.  Quaint location.  And super awesome and friendly Nino.It's the perfect balance of neighborhood joint meets elevated (though accessible) dining.  One mo' 'gain...Y'ALL GOT TO TRY THIS PLACE!  And Queens?  Once Nino opens, show him that outer-borough love.  You can change things up from your usual place.  I'd bet money you add Nino's to your rotation!
#REVIEW#I'd give them a million stars not just 5 if I could. Everything was amazing, the food, the ambiance, the service, literally everything. They've also charged my died iPhone while I was enjoying my yummy dinner, simply outstanding service. The pizza was four slices and I feel it's enough for two people. The crispy burrata was a bit spicy and the sauce has some jalapeños in it. The spaghetti's sauce was rich and I believe it's homemade sauce, it was exceptional.You should book in advance as it gets really busy there. Highly recommend it.
#REVIEW#Great hole in the wall place for last minute pasta dinner with the kids. Super cozy and comfortable, not too avant garde where I'd be afraid to go with the kids. The waiters are awesome and accommodating to the kids. Made two dishes off the the menu for them. Service is great! Hubby and I had the crispy burrata, seafood fettuccine, short ribs. All very good, cooked well and seasoned perfectly. The short ribs were so tender it literally broke off as the fork touched it. I loved the seafood flavor of the fettuccine, wished it was a bit less oily.
#REVIEW#This is a solid Italian restaurant in midtown. I came here for lunch on a weekday and we were lucky to be seated immediately. The pizza looks really appealing here. However I opted for one of their homemade pastas. I had the rigatoni bolognese. The portion was ample and I only finished about 2/3rds of it. I probably should've stopped at half but I couldn't resist. The sauce was meaty and flavorful and the pasta was springy and delicious. I also tried the spinach gnudi courtesy of my friend and it was super unique! The sauce is buttery and has a nice kick from the goat cheese. I plan to be back to try the pizza and some other pastas. This seems like a solid dinner joint as well. Tourists should check this place out over chains like Olive Garden or Appleby's. I advise making a reservation too.
#REVIEW#ITEMS:My friend and I each ordered a personal pie. I got the vodka (without the chicken on top) and my friend ordered the Margherita. I am biased to vodka sauce pizza, but mine was a lot better!! Love the thick neopolitan crust and vodka was wonderful. Great ratio between cheese and sauce. AMBIANCE:I went here for lunch, very very cute. A little dark inside but it was great for the hot summer day I went on. SERVICE:They were very kind, very quick. We came during lunch time so they knew we had to go back to work shortly after.
