#NAME#Churrascaria Plataforma
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/churrascaria-plataforma-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#brazilian,steak#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#What a fun place. The atmosphere was really nice. They had a salad/food bar in the middle and you can go up and grab some food. The never ending amount of meat they had coming around was amazing. All of it was soo delicious. The green side up was for them to keep on coming. The red side was for them to stop. The dessert cart came around, i did have some room for creams brulee. I would definitely come back and do this again. Fun times.
#REVIEW#This is a meat-lover's heaven!! Came here to celebrate a birthday and their reservation booking was extremely easy (book online and they call to confirm). They have an appetizers/salad bar with very fresh foods, but don't fill up too much before the main courses (juicy meats) come by! They also have sides that you order on a slip of paper and they bring to you. Service here was great-- very easy to get the waiters' attention and they are very attentive. Make sure you pay attention to your card because green = MORE MEATS and red = HOLD UP. I usually stay on the red side until I see something delicious walking my way because these waiters carrying the meat do not play. They will walk up to you quickly and before you know it, you have a plate full of meat you cannot finish. They do sometimes run out of a certain type of meat. My family managed to try their ribs once and after that, it never came out again. When we asked if there were any ribs coming out, one of the waiters told them they were out for the night!! Please keep in mind that the prices are just for the food (salad bars, meat, sides). Desserts and drinks are an extra and separate charge. Their desserts are amazing. They have servers coming around with a dessert cart to show you what they have on their dessert menu. Their cheesecakes are extremely creamy and I'm obsessed. They also have awesome creme brulee and a passion fruit mousse (warning: it is sour). Their desserts are definitely worth it (if you're not too full from the main entree). Since I was celebrating a birthday, they were kind enough to give the birthday boy at my table a free slice of cheesecake and some sparklers. I was very impressed with the service here.Keep in mind, price here can be pretty steep, but I think it was worth it. Very great experience and I can't wait to come back here again! Make sure you're wearing comfy/loose clothes because you will be so stuffed.
#REVIEW#We had an awesome dinner here last night.  Place was fun, food was awesome and service was super good.  Special thank you to Mariana who made sure we were well taken care of.  Picanha was perfection.  Almost five stars, but the chicken hearts came out at first way overcooked and the salad bar wasn't quite up to the level I was used to from Espetus in SF.Definitely coming back and bringing more friends!
#REVIEW#This was a pretty typical brazilian steak experience. Came here with some friends to celebrate a friends new job and we had a great time just trying all of the steaks, pork, and lamb. Overall it is what i expected, though it lacked a very tiny amount in what I really cannot find the words for. Nothing was bad at all, but ALMOST as good as other places I have been to outside of NYC. Just not quite there. Still a big recommend, the value and fun of it is well worth it.
#REVIEW#I came here for restaurant week and was blown away by what a deal it was! For what it normally costs(around $70) I probably wouldn't come here but even though it was restaurant week it was still truly "all you can eat." The meat kept coming faster than you can even imagine; at one point I must have had 10 cuts on my plate. I couldn't even tell you what they all were because it was happening so fast. Even the buffet had great options; a few different sushi rolls, scalloped potatoes, shrimp, salad, anything you wanted! What did catch me off guard though were the wine prices. We all ordered just house Chianti and it was $15, so that's how they get their restaurant week money back. All in all it was a good experience, the people were very nice and the food was good!
#REVIEW#Great place! Great food! Outstanding service! Dynamite salad bar! Delicious cheese bread! Awesome meat selection! Yummy sides. Good dessert.You will eat, eat, eat until your heart and tummy are satisfied. Strongly suggest making a reservation. Great place to visit before or after a Broadway, or off Broadway show. Located a few feet away from the E & C 50th street station. There is also a parking lot across. The restaurant is Adjacent to the New World stage theater. Food is worth the high price point but I suggest taking advantage of restaurant week, and it is also $20 at 20 for off Broadway shows, so treat yourself/ reward yourself, or just because you want good food. How does it work? Make a reservation, arrive, be seated, select as many sides as you like that are included,  so pick 1,2 or all, go to the salad bar as often as you like, when you return to your table  your bread will be waiting. Once you are done eating from the salad bar flip your coasters to the green side, and the waiters will continue to bring meat offerings, as your sides arrive at the table consecutively. They will continue to bring meat to your table until you flip your coaster to red, which means stop. Multiple meat choices, ribs, lamb, steak, chicken pork... don't forget dessert. Very pretty but comfortable venue, clean restrooms and quality service. We will return soon.
#REVIEW#Similar to other Brazilian steakhouses...very delicious! We were seated promptly. It's very spacious inside so plenty of room for all. We went on a Wednesday and it was crowded at all. I loved the caipirinha cart that goes around and lets you make your own caipirinha with different fruit flavors. Salad bar consists of the usual different salads, veggies, cheeses, meats, rice, and beans. What I noticed different here is that they also have fish and sushi which I liked.Once we hit the green light for food, it came out fast and often. Wide array of meats including pork, chicken, steaks, lamb, and sausages. Everything was very fresh and yummy. They have a dessert cart that goes around too. I had the chocolate cake which was good but I tried the cheesecake and it was amazing!You will leave very full and satisfied!
#REVIEW#We went in for the restaurant week menu on a Tuesday. Skipping the over eating gluttonous crowd cos' you know, that's what I planned to do at this joint. I walk in with an empty belly and am seated and stuff with proper instructions. Folks were hospitable and nice. The space is massive and big parties are the norm.I flip my card and boom .. folks started brining in the meat.Remember:Display your card clearly for the staff.You can say no if you don't want what's offered.Use the tong to grab your slice if needed.Onions relish in the salad section is the  bomb.Save space for dessert.
#REVIEW#Honestly not sure how I feel about consuming large amounts of meat in one sitting, but it's a fun way to treat yourself for sure. The meat was pretty good, but there weren't many good options at the salad bar and I kinda felt like I was getting sick of eating meat by the end.
#REVIEW#If you had to pick one Brazilian steakhouse in Manhattan, this should be the one. It's a New York establishment at this point and the delicious food and wonderful service completely justify its near-legendary status.We came here for restaurant week dinner in summer 2018. I believe they offered the "Rodizio Choice" option at this price point (comes without fish), but at no point did we feel we were missing out anything. The meat here is all prime cuts, seasoned and grilled expertly. The caipirinha cart is great, try a kiwi or the pineapple caipirinha made to order beside your table! I have to mention the salad bar - what would otherwise be a stepchild at a Brazilian steakhouse was good enough to stand on its own. Different types of cheese, pasta, cold meats, and sushi, all of it fresh and delicious! You can bring your non-carnivorous friends here and they will leave happy. We finished off our meal with chocolate and passionfruit mousse, and these were really good as well. The service was gracious and friendly throughout, from the Maitre 'D to the waiters that got our meat on skewers. Everyone seemed genuinely happy and pleasant. Ambiance is classy and warm while still managing to be fun and inviting - not at all stuffy. I would gladly return here again.
#REVIEW#Eating at Churrascaria Plataforma was a good experience. Have been to several of all-you-can-eat Brazilian steakhouses (Fogo de Chao, Chimu, etc) and this place was just as good! You start with the salad bar of different appetizers (salads, bread, cheese, shrimp, sushi, etc) which were great. Then the meat starts coming to your table - sirloin, prime rib, lamb, filet wrapped in bacon, rib eye, flank steaks, pork, sausage, etc. The meal was literally a non ending stream of meat after meat. Restaurant is very large, so the space can get crowded and noisy. Reservations were easy to make online - recommend for dining over the weekend.
#REVIEW#Churrascaria Plataforma food is fantastic! We have seating for large tables as I went recently with a group of eight people. It was a lot of fun and there was a lot of food to go around for everybody. There is something for every type of meat lover in the room! We tried so many types of steak, sausages, chicken and more. They take requests on how your steak will be cooked so that everyone is happy. While you wait for the meat to start coming around there is also a salad bar section that has some side dishes and potatoes. However you can also order whatever sides you want, and it is all unlimited! They have very tempting looking desserts and cocktails that I have had in the past though not recently. You will definitely leave very full and satisfied after this kind of great meal and experience.
#REVIEW#Churrascaria Plataforma is an all you can eat Brazilian steakhouse. The price is a bit expensive, but it was a fun experience to try at least once. I went during restaurant week for $42 per person (it's a bit less expensive than the normal price but not all the meats are offered). You can stay up to 2 hours and there is no additional charge if you can't finish your plate. There is a salad bar which has different types of cold appetizers such as roast beef, salads, sushi, stuffed grape leaves. The sushi wasn't the best quality or the freshest but it was satisfying. At the table you can check off which sides you want (mashed potatoes, french fries, fried polenta, etc). I tried the Brazilian cheese bread (pao de queijo) and the mashed potatoes. The pao de queijo wasn't the freshest, but it was decent. The mashed potato was very creamy and smooth but was a little bland. Just don't fill up on the buffet or the sides, save room for the meats! Each person has a token with green on one side and red on the other to indicate if you would like more meat. The servers bring the meats on spits around the restaurant and carves a slice in front of you. Be sure to flip your card over to red if you need a break. They come out fast! I found the meat pretty good, but some were slightly too salty. The chicken was my least favorite. Dessert is also included, but I was not impressed by the chocolate mousse. Service was excellent and very friendly!
#REVIEW#Finally got to try this all you can eat steakhouse on a Monday night when it wouldn't be too crowded. Large space with a salad bar at the center and waiters running around with meat carts/kebabs.As soon as we sat the main waiter comes in and explains the scenario and you're off to the races. Went for the salad bar to pick up a variety of option from sushi to quinoa. Okay selection, but honestly you're here for the AYCE meat. Loved the cuts of steak, as well as the turkey and chicken options. Wasn't too fond of a bacon wrapped dish nor the lamb chops. Either way, if you don't like something you can skip it and just chow down on the good stuff, which came around often. To top it off, the unlimited sides are also daunting - best bet is to go for the fried bananas as they won't leave you too full. All in all, felt like I got my $65 worth.Service was solid all night and the place was never too packed. Not worth going only for the salad bar, but on the money for the AYCE meat option.
#REVIEW#RESTAURANT WEEK REVIEW ONLYCame after making a reservation online for 12:30pm. We came a bit earlier than our scheduled time, but they seated us right away to the section specifically for restaurant week customers. DRINKSOf course water is free. But if you do want alcohol/soda/coffee/tea, it is not included. And plus every refill cost the amount of another cup. For coffee/tea, it cost about $3. Soda cost about $3.50. Pretty pricey if you ask me. But I guess you save with the food cost. FOODRestaurant week prices are quite good compared to the cost of the average meal here. I like they have an all-you-can-eat salad bar for the first course. They not only have salad, but some cheeses, pasta, etc. A lot of different options, but make sure you don't get your stomach full of this because there are a lot of meats & sides to come. To get the meat coming, you flip the red "coaster" type thing to the green side. This signals that you are ready for the slices of meat. The people start coming around with different types of meats. The meats they bring around are massive, but they give you one piece at a time. You have tongs at the table to grab the meat as they cut it. I personally like the top sirloin the best. The meat piece was quite good. The sausage was quite good as well. They also had additional sides of french fries/rice/veggie medley/black beans as well. The only minor changes that I wish was different was the saltiness of the meat. I found some of the meat pieces salty. I found myself drinking a lot. And also it wasn't necessary a problem for me, but I can find that people will have to wait around if they are really picky with the redness of their meat. And lastly, it would be great to have labels for the food at the salad bar. Other than that, it was quite filling. Very worth the $26 price value for a normal $50ish meal. For meat lovers, it would be a dream come true to have the influx of all different types of meat. It's a very unique experience. And you leave quite full at the end of all of this.
#REVIEW#Food was really good here. I came here for restaurant week. Con: even with an reservation we had to wait over 20 minutes. You can get all meats for Restaurant WeekPros: unlimited meats such lamb, pork, chicken, sushi, veggies, rice, salads, French fries and more.Will definitely come back to taste the other pork and steak cuts. P.S. The passion fruit caipirinha was very tasty and strong and the chocolate dessert( flourless chocolate cake) literally melts in your mouth.
#REVIEW#Randomly came here on a Sunday night. There was no wait. The ambiance is not quite as good as other rodizios, and the buffet is a little small. They also have a small appetizer menu that you can choose from. So we got the seasonal vegetables and the deep fried cassava. Cassava wasn't the best, a little oily and tasteless. But there is a good variety of meats. Our only qualm was that the lamb shank kept running out, because they always start at the same spot. So by the time it got to us, they were either out or just had a couple left. I think I've had my fill of Brazilian grilled meats for awhile after this.
#REVIEW#Although, this steakhouse is a little bit on the pricey side, I definitely believe that you get what you pay for. Compared to expensive steakhouses in the city, where a customer will pay tens of dollars for a single good cut of steak, this place offers numerous cuts of meat (all you can eat) for one single price. From Lamb, Rib Eye, Prime Rib, sausage, Filet Mignon and so much more; I'm quite sure that you'll find something to your liking.The dishes that they serve at the salad bar are also good as well. And to top it off the desert cart that comes at the end of the meal is awesome. I recommend the Tiramisu, Fruit Tart or Napoleon.Cons - The only things that I can complain about is the price can be a little steep, if you come for lunch not all the meats are available and depending on the time you arrive the restaurant might be packed. However, there are ways to get around this. 1. Definitely come during Dinner to get your money's worth 2. Set up a reservation3. The Restaurant offers different package plans which will help cut the cost of drinks. (I've included 3 of them in my review, hope that it helps)So bring a date, family or friends and I am sure that you all will find something to your liking.
#REVIEW#As usual plataforma never disappoints. We sat down the stairs (which I didn't know existed). Salad bar was great- had a carpaccio that was amazing. The cheese bread they serve at meal beginning is to die for and the fried bananas are super good! All the meats were so good and the staff is always so accommodating - make a point to send people over your way if you want something specific. My dirty martini was phenomenal  I love this place and will continue to come for years and years!
#REVIEW#Come for lunch and you'll be able to minimize the damage to your wallet. 1. Open buffet with lots of pasta, appetizers and good pairings for the meat. DON'T FILL UP ON IT. The buffet was spectacular but I only got up once, gotta leave room for the main attraction.2. Sides are part of the deal, my friend got mashed potatoes. I stole some from him, it was creamy and wonderful. Again don't fill up. 3. Green=go, red=stop. It is CRUCIAL you flip to red when you see that you can't keep up. The meats come out fast and there's so many cuts. Steak, chicken, pork AND MY FAVORITE, THE LAMB.4. They take requests, so it you're craving a particular cut, they will go in the back to get it for you.This was a lovely experience, definitely good to go for the holidays. I'll be back again, for the treat.
