#NAME#The Mermaid Inn
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-mermaid-inn-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,breakfast_brunch,sandwiches#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Mermaid in will always be one of my fav restaurants in NYAs a bog fan of the location in East village, I mist say that this one is also super good and bigger!Room for our baby, womderful service and amazing food. What else to ask for?We've been for brunch and food was oh so goodHad Po Boy and salmon benedict. Both so yummy!It is just wonderful.
#REVIEW#This is such a cute and fun brunch spot on the UWS. I've been scouring good bars and brunch spots with outdoor seating and this definitely fits that bill. I went in with a friend for a reservation at 11:30am. I had requested on OpenTable for outdoor seating and they were extremely accommodating! The patio was packed, but they reserved our table out there.Service was excellent and attentive.We both got the Pink Flamingo (gin, strawberry, lemon, basil) and a peach Bellini and they were delicious. The Pink Flamingo was good, but I wouldn't say it was very memorable. The peach Bellini was excellent and there was definitely more Prosecco than peach concentrate, which I prefer.The food was also pretty good. My friend got the shakshuka and the sauce was perfect. I got the challah French toast and it was so good with the salted caramel over the top! Sadly, there wasn't enough caramel or other sauce for the entire giant dish, so it was a little dry towards the end.Overall, I definitely recommend the Mermaid Inn as a cute summer brunch spot. It's not at the top of my list as far as bringing summer visitors, but I'll definitely be returning.
#REVIEW#Honestly, I knew I would love this restaurant before even going in for the name alone. If you name your restaurant after mermaids, I am in. I went here with a friend on a Wednesday night and it was surprisingly busy! They told us we would have to wait 20 minutes for a table but it ended up only being about 10. Once we were seated, the waitress made sure to get our drink orders and appetizer orders in before happy hour ended. I was pleasantly surprised that happy hour applied at a table since most places it is just at the bar. We both ordered a cocktail and the crab dip to split. I had the aperol spritz which was perfectly refreshing on a spring day. The crab dip was delicious and flavorful. I wish that it had been a little warmer, but overall it was a good dish.For dinner, I had the seared tuna. It was so different! It came with cauliflower fried "rice"  and the whole dish was so flavorful! I would definitely recommend. The tuna itself was cooked perfectly and had a beautiful seared exterior. 10/10 would recommend!We were too full for dessert, but much to our delight, we were given complimentary pudding for dessert! It is served in the cutest espresso cup and is the perfect sweet treat to end the meal. I hope to come back here and try some of their other menu items! Everything sounded so good that I had a hard time deciding what to order!
#REVIEW#Great oysters, octopus and ceviche. Very good happy hour options. It seems very Kid-friendly but still a good place if you don't have kids  The service, everyone except one the waiters, were kind and attentive. There is no dessert menu but they offer a mini chocolate pudding for free at the end of your meal with a fun and totally useless fish-fortune teller (who cares that is useless, right?! It's fun!). I will be back and next time I might bring the kids.
#REVIEW#Great spot for seafood. The items are nice and fresh. I love coming for the happy hour (just keep in mind it does get packed during those times). The ambiance is great. It's nice a chill. I love the outdoor seating so take advantage when there is decent weather. The service is usually fast and the staff is very friendly.
#REVIEW#I was finally able to cross The Mermaid Inn off my list! After living in the UWS for the past two years I've walked by this restaurant numerous times thinking, "wow, that dish looks good". Well, now I finally got the chance to try "that" dish and suffice to say it lived up to the hype I created internally.We made a reservation the night prior for a party of two at 11 AM for a Saturday. After arriving we were instantly seated when we informed them of our reservation. The space itself is very open and airy. White painted walls adorned with nautical themed photos and decorations, it gives off a relaxed homely feel. We were seated in their main room right next to the large windows. Great spot for enjoying your meal and people watching on a sunny day.When the time came to order I went with the baked egg shakshuka ($15). I've had this dish before in Boston and was happy to see it again on a menu here in New York. The roasted peppers, spinach, and feta all mixed  together well. The bread they also served with it was great to clean off the entire plate by the meals end. I'd definitively recommend it if you're looking for a really flavorful dish.The service here was great too. The servers provided bread and gave us time to look over the menu. They also were fast in bringing out our drinks and refilling our coffee cups.This to me is a great spot for a casual brunch meetup. I'd definitely make a reservation since the space filled up pretty quickly after we got seated. Their lunch menu looks good too so I may be back sooner rather than later!
#REVIEW#This is definitely some of the best seafood I've had in NYC. I came here with my grandmother at 5pm on a random day in June. We were seated promptly, and we were treated VERY nicely by the waitstaff. We did the happy hour drinks, she had a glass of white and I ordered a cocktail that I cannot remember the name of--it had strawberries and basil and I think gin. It's a MUST try. Then we ordered appetizers! She got an octopus salad that came with corn and some other delicious veggies, and I got the lobster knuckles. My lobster was cooked nicely, maybe a bit over, but it was served like escargot! It was really clever and totally delicious. For our entrees, I had the blackened fish tacos (because it wasn't gluten free from the traditional beer-batter) and my grandmother got the salmon. Her salmon was cooked nicely, and the purée under it was balanced well. My tacos were good, a good kick of heat, but it desperately needed fat (avocados, or even a higher mayo to chipotle ratio on the dressing) and acidity (it was served with one lime slice but definitely could've used more), but the fish was nice and fresh and the slaw gave a good texture. The cutest part of this place is that everyone gets the same dessert, a mini chocolate pudding cup with a star of whipped cream and a fortune teller fish from the 90s! Totally adorable and charming. My experience at Mermaid Inn was memorable, and I will be coming back soon for more cocktails and oysters!
#REVIEW#I came here for brunch and I'd say the Mermaid Inn is a solid spot! The place itself is alot bigger than I expected and has a pretty lively atmosphere, the service was great and the food was tasty (I wasn't blown away but it was good nonetheless)For brunch, we were given complimentary raisin bread with some kind of strawberry cream cheese while we waited. I ordered the beer battered shrimp po boy, which was huge!! The sandwhich itself was good but nothing special, although I did really like the matchstick potatoes it came with! Overall, the mermaid inn is solid brunch spot! Although I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, the food is good, service is good, prices are pretty standard and portions are pretty generous!
#REVIEW#The food is 5 star and they should promote the busboys to manage and run the whole place. They are the only ones know what to do. The servers suck!
#REVIEW#The Mermaid Inn is a classic spot. If you haven't been, you must go. If you've been before, you must go again. The food is great, the decor is great, the service is great, the outdoor seating is great, everything is great. I am not a huge fan of oysters but I do enjoy them here. Their happy hour deal is unbeatable.
#REVIEW#Happy hour oysters are delish and great for people who don't really enjoy the salty fishy taste of huge oysters. Tuna tartare was also good. The pan roasted cod was extremely delicious. The rabe goes perfectly with the fish and of course the cod was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Would love to come back to try more of their fish entrees!
#REVIEW#My affinity for mermaids aside, I LOVED my visit the other evening to this upper west side restaurant! My party of 3 made a reservation that we were late for, but they sat my friend solo while she waited. Our waiter pointed out the happy hour menu which has a nice selection of food and drinks. It was a beautiful June day and the whole front of the restaurant was open to the street, where there was additional (albeit full) outdoor seating. It was spacious and airy inside and we were giddy even before the cocktails arrived! We ordered a round of aperol spritzes and the following happy hour menu food items: mini lobster roll, crab and spinach dip, fried calamari, oysters, shrimp and avocado slider. Yum, yum, yum and yum!!!! We were full but also tempted to keep ordering because everything tasted so good!! Our wait person was fantastic, the water refills were constant. They don't have a dessert menu, but at the end of the meal they bring each person a tiny cup of chocolate pudding and a fortune telling red fish! My friend would not stop talking about how she plans to come here every day after work for the foreseeable future. Very much looking forward to dining here again and trying more from the main menu!
#REVIEW#Absolutely loved this place. Charming restaurant, wonderful and attentive staff, and great value for money.One of my girlfriends treated me to birthday drinks during their Happy Hour and we enjoyed every minute. They gave us a great table as requested, loved the wine selection and they have delicious cocktails! We also ordered fresh oysters (wonderful!) and fried calamari (perfectly done!). They also gave us a surprise little chocolate mouse dessert which was just delicious!Gonna make plans to come back again for either dinner or brunch! It's that good!
#REVIEW#We came here for dinner on a Friday night with reservations. I got the branzino special and my friend had the fish tacos, both were very good. I think more than the food or the wine that we drank, what truly made it great was the staff - exceptionally warm and friendly. I left my wallet here accidentally, they called me and left a voicemail and didn't ask for ID or anything the next day when I went to pick it up, the girl remembered me from the night before...just being nice sometimes goes a long way.
#REVIEW#(REVIEW FROM 2016)Ah, the mermaid inn. I've wanted to come here ever since I first arrived in the city, not fully realizing that there are actually tons of places which do HH oysters for $1.Still, I visited this mermaid inn anyway in order to try out the oysters. There wasn't any kind of limit on how many oysters we could get, so that was quite nice. My friend and I in total maybe got about 10 each, which was nice. The oysters tasted a little different from what I was normally used to, maybe not in the best sense. I also ordered a small clam chowder, which was... laughably small. Like, there was probably only one sips worth of soup in the 'cup'. I suppose this is their way of recouping $1 oysters. I'd definitely never order it again. They also gave us some free bread.After we finished that, they gave us some free chocolate mousse. It was a nice gesture, but was very strange, considering mousse doesn't at all go with oysters. Or does it?After eating here, I didn't exactly feel sick, but I didn't feel well. I don't think the combination of oysters and mousse did too well. And again, the oysters were a little funny.This place was overall an incredibly mixed bag. I'm still not sure what to make of it.
#REVIEW#This is the third location I've been to and I feel the same way about all of them: this is where I want to come when I die bc I'm literally in heaven. I'm a seafood lover - an understatement for someone who dragged her boyfriend to 5 separate locations in NOLA in search of crawfish on a sweaty Sunday afternoon - and mermaid inn is always there to satisfy. We tried every single oyster on the menu and every single one of them was delicious! We like to see what their fun names are to keep track of which ones we liked and there wasn't a single one I'd give away. We shared a few dishes; the lobster knuckles "escargot style" which was delicious! I actually can't do real escargot bc I feel so bad for the cute little snails  so the lobster version was perfect for me to enjoy the garlicky, bready goodness. We also ordered the Maryland Crab cake which was delightful, though nothing ever holds a candle to actually going to Maryland for crab anything. Obviously we got old bay fries which are perfect, as well as the grilled asparagus (to be "healthy"). The cocktail pictured here is poseidon's punch and it was tropical and fruity and so refreshing for a hot and humid day in nyc. Overall a great experience. It can be hard to get in so try to make a reservation or get there early to put your name down and go for a walk/stay for a drink!
#REVIEW#This place is great! Brought my parents here for a fancier night out and it was perfect. There's happy hour before 7 so we scored some $1 oysters/clams.We also got the happy hour calamari which I thought was still pricy for the amount you get. For mains we got the yellow fin tuna, cod, and mussels (which was listed under appetizers but was enough to be considered a main). Prices were high for the amount of food given but I guess the quality was good if you are willing to splurge a bit.There's complimentary dessert (chocolate pudding) after and this fish fortune thing that we've never seen before but found super fun. Overall, great vibes but would not recommend sitting outside. It was a really good day to sit outside but unfortunately the restaurant is so close to the busy street so it was really loud. Also there was the waft of nyc trash during the entire meal lol. The inside looked super nice though. Perfect for that date night or a night out with friends/family.
#REVIEW#Have been meaning to come here for a while now.  Happened to be in the area just in time for happy hour today.  We ordered the entire happy hour menu and nothing disappointed.  The calamari was hot and crispy as were the fish tacos.  Got my boyfriend to try a oyster for the first time finally and he enjoyed it !!! (personal achievement award goes to me, thanks to the mermaid inn, cyber high five) the mini lobster rolls were hot and buttery perfection.  What really blew us away were the burnt beets though,  they were so out of the ordinary and really phenomenal. We almost didn't order them,  ORDER THEM!!  I will be back in the near future for a full sized portion of the clam chowder, the little happy hour serving was a tease for my taste buds.  I really have to give credit where it's due also,  there was a bit of a hiccup with our waitress and the manager really went above and beyond fixing the situation,  he truly is the main reason we will be coming back to try out the dinner menu, we don't live in this area.  Such personable customer service is hard to find now and we were shocked at how generous we were treated.  Thank you so very much.
#REVIEW#Awesome brunch before a museum or park day. I liked this location better than downtown since it's more spacious. The booth itself was a bit tight though, should've opted for a table. Start with the yellowtail cerviche, which paired with avocado and radish was very refreshing. We had lobster roll (crisp and generous portions) with old bay fries, which you can't stop eating. The burger was well done with a unique mustard flavoring. Tuna niçoise salad was refreshing with bits of asparagus and nuts mixed in. I didn't love the fish tacos, which were bit bland and tortillas tasted store bought. Other than that, it was an excellent brunch for a family outing.
#REVIEW#Been wanting to go here for years. When visiting my hometown my friends asked what did I want to do, I said go here. Conveniently, it's close by one of my friends job, and another of my friends residents. So it was perfect. Seven of us got together I made it happen. Made a reservation. ( apologetic for having to change the guest amount twice) they were very accommodating. I got there early and had a couple drinks at the bar during happy hour. The bartender let me know that happy hour was still going on. But I  let him know I had an interested in just having a couple glasses of amaretto on ice. He was lovely. Part of my party arrived, and the hostess seated us 15 minutes before our reservation time. Our waitress was great for the entire event. And the food was really good. The staff was . Very accommodating. Highly recommend. Next time I come. I will definitely try the happy hour.
