#NAME#Le Bernardin
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/le-bernardin-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,lounges#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Cyndy's Bottom Line:  The best restaurant on the planet!I love Le Bernardin!  Why? Because:*Service is impeccable, staff is professional at every level.*Wonderful ambiance, the large mural evokes an ethereal feeling throughout the dining room.*The Chef's tasting menu and the assortment-of fish and shellfish unlike any other tasting menu.*Consistently executed dishes!
#REVIEW#Been to many Michelin Star rated, top 100 restaurants and Yelp $$$$ appraised restaurants in this world. We got the 9-course Chef's tasting with wine pairing which I expected to be the signature flagship course at this restaurant. Quick summary:Tartar with caviar was easily 6-7 degrees C too cold, especially at the bottom of the plate which muted the flavor quite a lot. Halibut was good, but not outstandingly good. I remember my local fish restaurant servicing at least the same quality or the place in Greece called Mary Mary makes it for sure better at a fraction of the price!The snapper was OK, but it was some sort of asian fusion snapper and entering asian territory I remember better dishes in the SE asia region, like Taiwan or Singapore. The LOBSTER - which was supposed to lead up to the next big dish - was overwhelmingly overcooked and chewy. That was quite a disappointment.The desert bites (a collection of sweets) was so sweet that it totally overwhelmed any sort of nice aftertaste you've had before. Not sure if this was intended, but it didn't work for us. The restrooms were somewhat very very below expectations. There was brown matter dripping down the the edge of the bowl. I know this can happen, however in one of the top 50 restaurants of the world I expected they'd better have that down!Sommelier Barbara Wang was great and very attentive. Rest of the staff I noticed my now empty cocktail glass that I ordered from the lounge area was not being noticed by anyone. Then I pushed the empty glass all the way to the edge of the table hoping that someone would take care of it. There was so many personnel looking around but somehow no one looked at that. So I ended up having to ask to take care of my empty glass and remove it from the table. Granted Chef Éric Ripert was likely not in house because he was in Singapore the staff might have let it slip a bit - still - for a top rated restaurant it was quite underwhelming.
#REVIEW#I finally celebrated my bday here last night after what seems like a lifetime of deciding when to visit. While Le Bernardin did not blow me away, the food was beautifully presented and tasted fresh. The staff were friendly and the environment was much more relaxed than the likes of Daniel, La Grenouille, etc.We opted for the pre-fixe menu as I have a shellfish allergy (I know you're thinking, what was I doing at LeB) but I still love raw fish and at that they are one of the best. It must be noted that the chef makes a superb rack of lamb. You won't be disappointed regardless of which menu you choose as the diners surrounding us all appeared to enjoy their meal.The highlight of our meal was actually dessert. We split the chocolate "donut" ganache and selection of four ice creams. Everything was heavenly without being too sweet. Lastly, I was unexpectedly presented with a complimentary mini chocolate cake for my bday in addition to an assortment of mini pastries. A very positive and memorable dining experience and I wouldn't hesitate to return if afforded the opportunity.
#REVIEW#Went here for our anniversary dinner and am glad we did. The service and food were amazing. The amuse bouche was more than I have had at other high end restaurants. I especially loved the tuna with foie gras.And don't forget about the wine paring. The sommelier really spent time explaining the pairings and how they worked with the different dishes. The wine pairing truly accented the different dishes!Would love to come back here again!
#REVIEW#I agree with the other reviewers, the service is appalling. Came here this evening expecting to dine with their prix-fixed menu as I had in the past, and the host Cesar, was appalling as he suggested we dine at the bar, despite the open seating available. He argued with me for 5 minutes about how he needed to save those tables, which never ended up committed and he let me know that one is for "older people who need to sit while they wait for their tables." Amazing. This ruined the experience and we opted to get lounge food instead of the main dining food and go somewhere else. We ordered their lounge dishes and nothing was impressive and we left shortly thereafter despite empty seating throughout the place. Awful service. Don't bring anyone you care to impress.
#REVIEW#City Harvest Tasting MenuOffered in their beautiful classy yet modern lounge, a $60 lunch is totally worth it at Le Bernardin.I arrived right at noon on a Friday and already there were a ton of people entering the restaurant, for both the formal dining room and lounge area. They change their tasting menu often but regardless, you will not be disappointed.We started with some complimentary assortment of bread such as sun dried tomato bread, focaccia with olives and quinoa bread.  I loved the quinoa bread. Delicious with butter and had a good chew to it. My friend and I both ordered the bay scallops as the starter. Thinly sliced fresh scallops. So fresh and clean tasting. Served with thin slices of toasted baguette. Superb. We then ordered one of each for the entrée: Merluza and striped bass. Both fish were delicious and different which was great. Both were whitefish but the merluza was light and flakey while the striped bass was a bit meatier. The merluza came with a light consomme and shitake mushrooms on a bed of cooked down greens. So gooooood! It was my favorite. The striped bass was also very good, seasoned heavily in what seemed like smoked paprika and little bites of sweet potato. Loved it!The meal ended perfectly with dessert. An assortment of super soft, very flavorful ice cream and sorbet as well as this citrus dish that was super refreshing. Overall, a wonderful meal. The service was wonderful and we never felt rushed to leave. And the best part was that we saw Eric Ripert roaming around!!! Totally had a celebrity sighting moment and I freaked internally.
#REVIEW#This is a Michelin 3 and I'd say it's 5 star good and will return.Great food, presentation and service.The main dining hall could be a little too noisy at time. The large round table could easily seat six next to us, hosted two group of couples - one after the other - they sat facing the hall. It felt pretty weird.They seem to supply butter too quickly - I drink butter - I don't mind to finish it all before they bring out another fresh one. The following is the  four course menu of: almost raw, barely touched, lightly cooked and the sweets - which are mostly ice cream.
#REVIEW#Most difficult reservations to make but so worth it. Spent an hour calling them from multiple lines as soon as they opened. Everyone should have a meal at le bernardin at least once in your life. Treat yourself! Even if you're not a big seafood fan, they do amazing things to the fish! I did the tasting menu, but can't tell you what everything is.
#REVIEW#Consistently amazing food. Everything from a full tasting menu with wine pairing to a business event hosted in a private room has been superb. My favorite dishes are the coconut ice cream, mushroom broth over fish, caviar with Champaign jelly paired with a glass of Krug Champaign. The bar is classy and has full dinner service. It is great to eat there when you haven't reserved a table. Never had difficulty getting in last minute.
#REVIEW#We came here for our anniversary and couldn't be happier with the experience. This is a seafood restaurant through and through so definitely re-consider if you don't love seafood. They have 3 menu options - a four course dinner where you get a choice of around 10 dishes for each course, a 7 course tasting menu, and an 8 course tasting menu. We opted for the 4 course menu as we had eaten 4-5 hours prior and wanted more flexibility in our meal, but the tasting menus both looked amazing.They brought out a beautiful amuse-bouche platter with 5 offerings on it for us before our main meal. All of them were unique and lovely.We had a tuna carpaccio and kampachi sashimi for our starters. The tuna in particular was plated beautifully and was so pretty I didn't even want to eat it. The kampachi was incredibly fresh and tasty, and was probably the better tasting dish although the tuna looked prettier.For second course, we had a crab cake made with lump peekytoe crab and lightly grilled pieces of cod. The crab cake was really masterful and peekytoe is a species of crab I had not tasted before so it was a unique experience for me. The cod wasn't bad but did pale in comparison to our other dishes that night.For our main course, we had the snapper and walu-wagyu surf and turf combo. The snapper was cooked perfectly with a great sauce - really a pleasure to eat. The wagyu was definitely the star of the other dish - just full of flavor while melting in your mouth. My walu was slightly overcooked which made the outer edges tough, but the middle section was succulent and tasty. Would have been a perfect duo if the walu was cooked a bit less.The desserts were good taste-wise but really stood out in their presentation. I'm not really a dessert person but I enjoyed both.Service was outstanding as would be expected in a 3 Michelin star restaurant. I highly recommend this place and I would come back again for sure.
#REVIEW#This restaurant was absolutely amazing from the service to the food, it is the best I've ever had. The level of courtesy and professionalism of the staff here is exceptional. Everyone is friendly but not obnoxiously friendly and the servers are very knowledgeable about the menu items. I had the fixed prix menu and everything from the amuse-bouche to the desert was absolutely delicious. On top of that all of the food was presented so beautifully. The apple dessert was a work of art. I hope to visit this restaurant every time I'm in New York!
#REVIEW#I was really excited to come here as my friends have raved about it and I absolutely love seafood. My sister and I got the full tasting menu and overall it was not worth it and forgettable. There were no dishes that made me excited and it almost felt lackluster (Eleven Madison Park and Brooklyn Fare have this place beat...even comparably lower end places like Gato I would say are better)Upon entrance, you can see that the dress code varies even amongst the formal dining room. Those who are dressed accordingly sit closer to the entrance and those further in seem to vary (from exercise leggings to sweaters and no jacket etc). I really don't care for the dress code but it does become an issue when the concept a restaurant orients itself around is influenced by maintaining a certain atmosphere throughout its decor, its presentation, its food etc etc. Upon being seated we ordered the full tasting menu and I will attach pictures of some of the food I captured. The presentation wasn't stunning and clean...A chocolate dessert (I believe it was called smores) was falling apart at the bottom. I just don't understand what was happening haha.Honestly, I would not return on my own dime and perhaps give it another shot if someone else invited me....we already have too many over-priced restaurants that are vying for these top spots and it just seems like a shame to have a seafood focused one turn out like this.
#REVIEW#High end dining at is finest. The service is beyond impeccable. You are taken care of as soon as you walk through the door. Everyone is a VIP. The food is phenomenal and presented beautifully. It is not rich and the seasoning is on the lighter side. Its just enough to enhance the dish. The salmon, lobster and waygu are very good. Desserts are like a work of art. It looks so pretty you don't want to touch it. It is expensive but good to treat yourself and ia great for a big celebration.
#REVIEW#I came here yesterday for my boyfriend's birthday. When we first started to date, I knew he wanted to come and booked here before. However, he said my taste buds weren't well developed yet and thus I cancelled my original booking back 2-3 years ago. But we finally got to try this place yesterday and I can understand why he would want my tastes to be more refined before coming here (my food appreciation wouldn't be as great as I would be comparing how much I am spending to food ratio I think.) Anyway, let's move on from the backstory. The reservation process was relatively quick, I made a call and found out that dinner reservations are seriously hard to nab (unless you want to eat at 10PM.) so I nabbed a 12:15PM reservation for lunch. We arrived a little bit early, had our coats checked and was seated promptly. The wait staff then gave us a wine menu and asked us what we would like to drink (personally, I don't know too much about wines so my boyfriend did all the work here. He asked for the sommelier and said a few things and was presented with white wine that suited my tastes. haha.) We also ordered the chef's tasting which consisted of 8 dishes (which you can actually view on their website menu - it's also my reference FYI.)For our journey, we were given a complimentary of salmon and sourdough chips then our first course of hamachi-osetra caviar tartare, then bread (my boyfriend loves bread. and I quote him, "if they would sell this bread, I would buy it every day.) and butter (the butter was so good), langoustine, sea trout, dover sole, monkfish, lobster, quince, citrus, a complimentary chocolate cake for Henry's birthday and last but not least, a petite four (consisting of a pistachio cake like thing, a dolce de leche macaron, an apricot candy thing (heavily reminds me of what I eat during new year's) and a bon bon. My overall opinion on our dishes was that everything was very well made. As my boyfriend says, nothing really overpowered each other and the lobster was cooked perfectly. What surprised Henry the most was that I actually loved the langoustine because I usually shy away from shrimp and lobster unless it's cooked in a certain way. And they cooked it in a way that I couldn't help but fall in love more with each bite! At the end of our lunch, I can say that service was excellent (aside from Henry's gripe at our chairs. He wanted the ones with arm rests haha), the food delicious and filled our tummies, our wine amazing and their bathrooms were also immaculate (I love clean bathrooms.). If my wallet wasn't crying from how much I spent on Henry's birthday, I would love to come back very soon!
#REVIEW#Dinner at Le Bernardin was lovely and certainly an honor, as I have followed Chef Eric Ripert for sometime. My colleagues and I went for the four course tasting menu and it was fantastic! The plate selections were nice and diverse, including vegetarian options. And how could I forget to mention, the bread basket was to die for! Service was friendly and attentive, with the surprise desserts being a wonderful touch and perfect end to a lovely evening. Although, you could tell a few servers were still training, due to a few plate and drink mix ups. Overall, I highly recommend a visit to Le Bernardin!
#REVIEW#I entered to a slick aluminum ripple design on the wall, an elegant decor. A low-lit lounge sits on the other side of the restaurant offering a more intimate, romantic, and relaxed setting as compared to the up-scale and sophisticated atmosphere of the main service dining area. Le Bernadin truly showcased the importance of service in a dinner experience, valuing it as much as the quality of food it serves. I never needed to ask for service for they always knew my needs before I could even come to formulate them into words. The food warmed my stomach, but the service warmed my heart.Amuse-BoucheThis complimentary amuse-bouche teased my palette with its incredible flavors, making me crave endlessly for the delicacies to come. The dish to the left was a salty fish blend held together by a crispy outer layer, reminding me of Chinese spring rolls. The middle dish greeted me with a fish sunk in lemon sauce, topped with a slice of shallot. Lastly, the dish to the right was reminiscent of a lobster bisque topped with a thin crisp slice of bread.Kampachi | Kampachi Sashimi; Crushed Niçoise Olives; "Greek Salad"The dish was coated with a trail of olive oil when served. Although it did make the kampachi slide effortlessly into my mouth, it unfortunately, in my opinion, obtruded the raw authenticity of the sashimi. Expecting a sashimi dish sided with a salad to be quite a refreshing start to this dinner, I was quite disappointed by the oil that stole the spotlight and drowned the sashimi's freshness. Definitely one of the let downs of the dinner.Calamari | Crab Filled Calamari a la Plancha, Bamboo Shoot-Wood Ear Mushroom Pot au FeuThe broth brought me right back to a soup my grandma prepared for me as a child, fine and earthy. Mixing crab with calamari was an interesting pairing, not astonishing, but still an experience to taste. The subtle artistic care for plating on this dish with the geometric vegetables is why Le Bernadin sits in the ranks it does. Every nuance and aspect of this plate was thought through, an unparalleled care for detail.Seafood Truffle Pasta | Scallop, Shrimp, Lobster; Tagliatelle, Black Truffle EmulsionThis was arguably one of my favorite dishes of the night. With the tagliatelle cooked al dente, it had a certain bounce to the bite making this pasta incomparable to any other I have ever had. The black truffle emulsion coated the dish with its buttery, heavy, and full qualities, but without overcoming the intricacy of the succulent seafood.Snapper | Crusted Red Snapper; Pickled Persian Cucumbers, Green Curry-Goat Yogurt EmulsionAs expected from a seafood restaurant of its caliber, the chef did justice to the remarkable snapper, pristinely preparing it with a thin crusted layer.  The pickled cucumbers added a spark of excitement without robbing the snapper's native tastes. In addition, the sauce complemented the exhibition pleasantly also - a great, but not outstanding course.Black Bass "Surf & Turf" | Crispy Black Bass and Braised Veal Cheek, Parsnip Emulsion, Ginger-Five Spice ReductionAlong with the pasta course, this black bass dish stood out as one of my favorites. Although the bass was naturally cooked to perfection, the true highlight of this course was the veal cheek. The veal's unprecedentedly tender and stringy consistency broke down effortlessly in my mouth, bearing resemblance to pulled pork.Yogurt-Citrus | Candied Buddha's Hand, Scorched Cheesecake, Yogurt SorbetThe sprinkled yellow sugar crystals spoiled this dessert for me. Although the cheesecake and the sorbet were quite delicious, the additional sugar on top added far too much sweetness to a fine dessert. Aside from the obtrusive candies, the opposing sour fruity sides and main sugary attractions were a pleasant contrast.Banana S'More | Caramelized Banana, Warm Chocolate Cake, Smoked Meringue, Coquito SauceThe thick lava-like chocolate cake flooded my mouth with its incredibly rich, indulging flavors. Such a glorious gem was hidden underneath a roof constructed with perfected smoked meringue, crumbling at the tip of the tongue. The accompanying bananas and coquito sauce complemented the dish with grace -- a delightful end to an exceptional dinner service.TL;DR:Price Range (per person): $150-220 (excluding drinks)Le Bernadin encompasses far more than fine food -- a comprehensive dinner experience one must experience at least once in their life, from the refined décor to the phenomenal service. The authenticity of the seafood was rarely jeopardized, having been prepared with utter respect and care for the breed (aside from the occasional obtrusion from its accompaniments). This top tier restaurant truly lived up to its name and expectations. (4.5/5)Insider's Notes:Be sure to make reservations at least a month ahead. If you are headed here for a special occasion, be sure to leave a note when making a reservation and Le Bernadin will be sure to celebrate with you.
#REVIEW#Impeccable.  Both the food and service were exquisite and made my first three Michelin Star restaurant the best culinary experience I've had.Dinner started with complimentary canapé, all of which were wonderful:- Scallop with caviar- Snapper tartare with phyllo dough- Fluke with yuzu sauce- Cauliflower soup- Lobster with endiveThe bread basket was great and our favorites were the focaccia, sun dried tomato and (freakishly good) walnut raisin bread.We had the Le Bernadin tasting menu, which had five savory seafood dishes and two desserts.First course - Tuna(Thinly pounded tuna with olive oil and chives over toast and foie gras)Fresh tuna flavor and chives provided a lovely highlight.  The textural element from the toast and hint of foie gras provided a slight hint of richness without any heaviness or weight.  I don't eat raw fish because I don't like the texture, but I ate every piece of raw deliciousness that was  in front of me.Second course - Lobster(Baked lobster with butternut squash manicotti and shrimp-black pepper-brandy sauce)The lobster was perfectly tender and sliced diagonally, so every forkful was a delicious bite.  The butternut squash purée was smooth and light with exquisitely thin pasta and black truffle complement.  I could have eaten an entire plate of that pasta with the wonderful shrimp stock brandy sauce.Third course - Merluza(Pan toasted merluza with saffron potato in zarzuela sauce)The merluza was wonderfully prepared with a softer flake than halibut.  The saffron potato was tasty and the zarzuela broth had robust seafood flavor.Fourth course - Salmon(Barely cooked salmon with truffle butter and oxtail mushroom consommé)The truffle butter and oxtail consommé made for a rich flavor profile that was perfectly paired with the nearly raw salmon.Fifth course - Monkfish(Pan toasted monkfish with squid ink fideos and chorizo emulsion)Yet another wonderfully prepared fillet with amazing sauce that was incredibly flavorful.Sixth course - Coconut (Coconut-calamansi custard with coconut sorbet)Seventh course - S'more (Warm chocolate fondant, smoked chocolate, Peruvian chocolate ice cream)The meal ended with petit fours, which were all fantastic.  Actually, everything served was ridiculously fantastic... and now I've run out of adjectives.  Wait, one more... DIVINE.  I can't wait for the next time I'm in NYC to come back here again.
#REVIEW#I mean, how do you encapsulate perfection in words? Everything about Le Bernardin is perfect. The staff treats you like royalty if you are about to have the 7 course pre-fixe or just a quick drink at the bar. The ambiance is cozy yet refined. The florals are incredible with large sweeping greenery and beyond breathtaking cascades of orchids. Everyone should experience this place at least once. Their cocktails are incredible and each bite of food is a divine experience. The Fluke Ceviche at the bar is a delight, and best enjoyed with the satisfying crunch and salt of the complimentary taro chips. Don't miss out on the egg custard dessert! A few spoonfuls is all you need of this chocolates, caramel, salty, pillowy, and frothy confection. Can't wait to come back next time I'm in the city for a full dinner. A special thank you to management for providing feminine products in the ladies restroom: something ALL places should do!
#REVIEW#From the immaculately perfect service and French ambiance to the food, my lunch experience definitely met expectations. The giant tray of complimentary bread creations that popped up tableside every now and then was truly impressive. I loved the tomato bread and the raisin and walnut bread with their creamy butter. They were absolutely delicious! However... for a lunch in this price range, the Monkfish (main course) was way too salty. It made me sad because everything else about the meal was perfect, from the starter smoked salmon spread to the Lobster and Manicotti appetizer to the Mont Blanc dessert. It was still good enough to finish eating (though I would probably finish eating anything at this price range), but it was memorably salty in a very unpleasant way. Still, this is a great restaurant and every moment of the experience feels like you are breathing, eating, and sensing a work of art. I do plan on coming back and hope my entree won't be so salty next time.
#REVIEW#We were leaving the east coast, so of course had to come to NYC for a final dining adventure. Le Bernardin was our 3 Michelin star pick!The reservation process was not super easy but probably a little better than EMP. I was at work so called in 30min after the lines opened. Was only able to get a more geriatric time of 5:15PM, oh well we'll take it!First of all, the space is beautiful. Tall ceiling, plush seating, with my favorite Bernardaud plates. We were lucky to get a corner booth which provided a ton of space and privacy. The service was also incredible. Helpful, attentive, but not at all intrusive. All the sommeliers also wear and use this metal tasting plate as an ode to the old school traditions, pretty neat. I don't remember what cocktails were ordered but they were excellent as well! For the menu, you can choose either a 4 course prix fixe ($160 with several options for each course and of course supplements) or a couple of tasting menus. We were meeting up with friends after dinner so opted for the 4 course menu.Some highlights:RED SNAPPER - Like a very delicate poke with diced snapper, jicama, baby corn. A really refreshing start.LOBSTER - I'm obsessed with this dish. The lacquered lobster tail is of course cooked to perfection. But the tagliatelle with black truffle sauce? To die for! If they offered a la carte dining, I might just have 3 orders of this and call it a meal.HALIBUT - The fish is poached so extremely tender. The dash broth is very light with a little added saltiness from the uni. I did find this dish a little too light after a rather decadent pasta with truffle sauce, so probably should have gone with a heartier dish instead, but good nonetheless!APPLE - Yup looks exactly like an apple, but you cut in and it's mousse! Beautiful and yummy.Overall, had an excellent meal here and would definitely come back! With the seafood focused dishes here, we were satisfied with the 4 courses but still ate more later in the night. FYI Le Bernardin does not allow wine to be brought in.
