#NAME#Supper
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/supper-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Interested in dinner and a show? Go to Supper and sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen.Narrowing down our dinner search to the East Village, Supper stood out and was an easy decision because my partner was craving Tagliatelle. We made our reservation a couple hours earlier, on a Saturday, so it wasn't an issue to get it. I wish we had gone a little earlier, because they ran out of the Saturday Special: The Osso Bucco. But that's okay - the menu is full of mouthwatering options. Since we weren't overly hungry, we decided to order the veal meatballs and of course, the tagliatelle with beef ragu. The Tagliatelle was cooked to perfection and had all the right flavors and texture. And the meatballs were very moist, a tiny bit salty, but it was perfect with the focaccia bread. My biggest regret - not ordering the chicken parm. We watched the chefs make like 10 orders of it as we ate our dinner, wishing one of those were ours. At the end of the night, we were too full for desert, but got a couple of espressos. The man handling the cash (who also took our order), brought us a piece of Tiramisu because they couldn't serve me the Osso Bucco! A wonderful gesture that was very much appreciated.
#REVIEW#I visited Supper around 10 pm on a Saturday and were seated immediately. We were seated at a corner table that was difficult for staff to get to, so service was just okay.The food was also just okay. I got the Cacio e Pepe, which was very cheesy compared to other interpretations of the dish I have had. It was very heavy and not light at all. The taste of the cheese definitely overpowered that of the pepper. We also got the lemon pasta, which again was very creamy and not light. The best part was really the bread, oil, and beans you get before dinner. The beans were a great touch!Overall good service with just okay food. There is better Italian in nyc so I would recommend elsewhere unless you're looking for a late night meal.
#REVIEW#I came here again on a Saturday night in April to give it another try and was pleasantly surprised!!SEATING:We were seated at a nice table in the back room. I would say this is the ideal place to sit for a comfortable and intimate dinner. SERVICE: Our waiter was fantastic and very prompt with our orders and requests. We were given the complimentary white bean and bread right away this time! FOOD: Entree: I ordered the famous Cacio E Pepe and my husband ordered the special, which was served with the risotto of that day- saffron, broth and parm. My pasta was completely delicious- simple, cheesy, peppery and prepared to perfection.  Dessert: We ordered the tiramisu to share as a dessert. It was delicious and comforting!  The entire experience made up for our previously poor experience and I now know why so many people rave about this restaurant!!
#REVIEW#Supper Restaurant --a very popular Italian restaurant for dinnerRecommendations:1. Osso Buco(Braised veal shank served over risotto milanese)2. Pappardelle with lamb Ragu3. Tiramisu
#REVIEW#We were here on a Saturday around 7 pm and were able to seat us immediately outside (which I assume was a fluke since a lot of people ended up waiting outside). The free appetizer was bread with white beans, which I honestly loved and a pleasant surprise from the usual bread and butter. I also got the THE TIMELY 'PRIEST STRANGLERS', which were great and they gave a ton of food, which I saved for later. I loved the traditional italian vibe and definitely a little pricey but worth it! Also its CASH ONLY, so keep that in mind.
#REVIEW#Cute little brunch spot! As you wind your way towards what you think is the back of the restaurant, you find yourself squeezing through a corridor to get to another dining room. Great ambiance, very accommodating for our group of 12 with attentive and straight forward service. The drinks came quickly and the 3 for 1, $13 brunch drink special is a total steal! We found the brunch menu to be a bit overwhelming in terms of options and description, but we all seemed to find something that worked. The food was definitely a different take on brunch which I always appreciate the attempt, execution wasn't the tastiest I've ever had. But overall, this was a fun spot with a good vibe and we walked away happy! Just a note to diners - it's cash only so make sure to come prepared.
#REVIEW#I absolutely love this Italian restaurant. The pasta is cooked just right and very flavorful and the price isn't crazily priced. However, I would say that I wish the restaurant isn't so dark and provides more space between each customer. I would totally come back again!
#REVIEW#Omg...what the hell did you guys do to the front of your restaurant?! It looks HORRIBLE!!!!!!! Not to mention it is now a huge eyesore on the block. You should be ashamed of yourself. You had a cute little place. Now it looks like a dump from the outside.
#REVIEW#This was the only pasta place open late until 3am. It was pouring rain so we didn't have time to just stand around and look for another one so we just went to the closest one and this was it. Very dark atmosphere inside with an old school feel. They give free bread with a white bean and oil dip. I was surprised to see beans with bread but it tasted so good! We really enjoyed that as a started. Then we ordered two pasta dishes to share: the kale gnocchi and mushroom pasta (forgot the name). The gnocchi was good even if I didn't really taste the kale. The other pasta dish wasn't that great. The sauce was like a soy sauce. Could have been much improved. Overall just an ok place. Cash only!!!
#REVIEW#Supper is quite possibly my favorite restaurant in New York. It's a guaranteed delicious meal, great music (90s hip hop usually), and good vibes. I dream of the bread and white beans in oil that come with every meal, the chicken parm, spaghetti pomodoro, spaghetti limoncellos, avocado salad and buratta are some of my favorites. The tiramisu is also amazing - they make theirs with a tres leches cake consistency so it's very moist and creamy. I love going in the summer, sitting outside and people watching with a glass of red wine.
#REVIEW#I visited Supper this past weekend with a group of 8. Warning: you need to make a reservation in advance online and then they email you to let you know if you've gotten it. There are only 3 times available for dinner reservations, they work like shifts.THIS PLACE IS CASH ONLY. HIT UP AN ATM BEFOREHAND.We changed the amount of people in our reservation three times- we were being difficult. That being said, they accommodated us every time and even sent multiple text messages to confirm our reservation.The place is small and a bit tight and noisy. Keep that in mind if you try to come here for a date. But although that was the case, we were given a circular table and were able to hear and see everyone in our party.The food was incredible!! I love how many options were available. I opted to share the truffle tortellini and priest strangler with a friend, although a hard decision, I think between the two the tortellini was my favorite. I love places that give a good healthy amount in portion size and this was spot on. They even give you beans and bread to start (which they refill happily if you ask!). We were even given complimentary dessert. The service was awesome- and the wine was constantly flowing. Would love to come back here huge fan!PS they put our group on their instagram- pretty funny!
#REVIEW#I will confess that I'm an avid fan of Frank's restaurants. Supper is for sure no exception. The pasta quality is just so good and I love how homey and unpretentious the vibe is. I had cacio e Pepe during my last visit and this is my test for how good a pasta place is. It's a simple dish but it can easily go awry. Will be coming back soon for sure!
#REVIEW#This was one of the best meals I had in the city. Ok granted I was here celebrating my birthday it was gonna be great regardless, but overall a fantastic meal and experience. We got a table for 13 - for a party that large you definitely need to book in advance and they seemed very strict about having the full party there and seated or they'll cancel your reservation. Luckily everyone showed up and there were no issues. They seated us at this long table and overlooking the long table was this painting of Jesus at the Last Supper - very symbolic since it's going to be one of my last meals in NY before moving to Seattle. Hat tip to the hosts for somehow knowing this and seating accordingly. One issue I will say with the seating - can this restaurant please upgrade the chairs? Sitting in one of those things felt like riding in a rickety wooden roller coaster that will break down at any minute. The person at the table behind us actually had their chair collapse. Sheesh! Anyways, on to the food.The food was really really good - I ordered like a couple things and then sampled everyone's pasta just bc I wanted to branch out from my usual Cacio e Pepe. The salmon and lentils were cooked perfectly and I had a bit of the Milanese risotto. Risottos are super hit or miss - this wasn't a hit but it was not bad mind you, I think I had too high expectations bc it was supposed to be like a saffron risotto and there wasn't much saffron, but it still tasted pretty good overall. The service was excellent given that we had about 3-4 bottles of wine over the course of the dinner and were getting pretty rowdy haha. Oh and lest I forget - the bread with the Tuscan Lima beans - a deeeelicious opener. One of the better breads I've had whilst being in the city. All in all, would definitely recommend - just be sure to have cash as it's cash only.
#REVIEW#This restaurant has a classic American Italian vibe- they described it as a "home away from home."  The lemon butter pasta was very simple but was surprisingly really good. We also got the kale gnocchi which the gnocchi wasn't too big like it sometimes is at other restaurants.  The chef came out and said hi to us which was very nice! I would definitely bring my family here.
#REVIEW#Great atmosphere. There are multiple small dining rooms, all with the same old school vibe. The walls are covered in wine bottles and there are chandeliers everywhere. The staff is also extremely friendly. I went for a birthday gathering and we got the entire back room to ourselves. We also got control of the aux cord. They gave us special dessert platters (for the birthday) which was awesome, because the whole table got to try some dessert.The bean and bread was a great starter, and very unique. The spaghetti al limone was so different- very lemon forward. Kinda reminded me of the lemonade Girl Scout cookie (in the best way possible).
#REVIEW#How fitting that we came here for our "supper club."  The restaurant is warm and inviting.  We ordered a ton from the menu and the food was great.The waiter forgot to bring our half roasted chicken and I was a bit annoyed about that.  I feel like we arrived on an off night and neglected for a large part of our meal.  Ambiance certainly counts and the wait staff was not very attentive at all!  Therefore, I cannot ascertain whether everything on the list was as "meh" as I am describing.MOZZARELLA DI BUFALAsliced ripe tomatoes & fresh basil leaves - This dish was very good and pretty standard for Italian cuisine.  SPAGHETTI LIMONEYummy, but not that lemony!  I would have expected something with more citrus, considering the namesake.SLICED ROASTED BEETS AND PIEMONTESE ROBIOLA CHEESE SALADHighly recommend.  This was a very tasty item on the menu.  The texture of the cheese and roasted beets were lovely and paired well together.SPAGHETTI AGLIO, OLIO E PEPERONCINOThis was strangely similar to the Spaghetti Limone and creamy.  It was good pasta, but I can't say it was special.SHORT RIB TORTELLONIin Sugo over potato puree - I was expecting an explosion of short rib flavor.  However, there wasn't enough short rib to satisfy that expectation.GREEN KALE GNOCCHI ALL'AGLIO D'ORATOThe gnocchi had a good texture, but I did not get a strong sense of kale taste!  Again, another item that did not taste like its namesake.TIRAMISU - The tiramisu was very good and I recommend.  HAZELNUT PANNA COTTA - This was very creamy and flavorful.  It was topped with fruit and I liked this dessert a lot.VALRHONA CHOCOLATE CAKE - I liked the texture of the chocolate cake very much!  Served with a side of whipped cream and fruit, it lived up to its hype.
#REVIEW#Impeccably executed, authentic Italian food in a wonderfully unpretentious shabby chic ambiance. Located on a bustling stretch of NYC's East Village, Supper is an old school oasis offering a homey escape from reality, and a memorable meal every time. I made a reservation on Opentable a few days in advance, which is recommend if you do not want to wait for a table. Upon arrival we were greeted warmly, and lead through a cramped maze of rickety tables to the back room. The dim lighting barely illuminates the peeling vintage wallpapered room, which has likely not been updated in 50+ years. Our server David was perfectly attentive, and genuinely kind.The wine list is well curated, offering a great selection of reds, whites, and even orange wines reasonably priced $45-$90 per bottle. We got a Chianti that was smooth and on the dry side, which paired perfectly with our vegetable and starch heavy meal. The complimentary fresh, crusty bread and cannellini bean dip starter was fantastic. Next, we had the Black Salt Caesar and Fava Bean salads, both of which were simple and delicious. All of the ingredients tasted incredibly fresh, and were bursting with pungent savory flavor. The portion sizes were on the smaller side, perfect for sharing.Whatever you do, do NOT skip the Spaghetti al Limone. My boyfriend, who has been here before, insisted I order it, and I am so glad I did. The al dente pasta is completely saturated in the incredibly citrus forward sauce, which is buttery and satisfying but still manages to be refreshingly light. My boyfriend tried the Cacio e Pepe, which was a bit heavy/salty for my taste, but a true delicacy in its own right. We reluctantly passed on dessert, and were pleasantly surprised when David brought us a huge slice of tiramisu, on the house. Definitely a top choice for Italian in NYC. Remember-cash only!
#REVIEW#I can finally give this place he rating it deserves!  We came for brunch on our last day before heading out of dodge.  This was a great meal!  The food, the service, the ambiance, it was all the perfect weekend to a foodies tour of NYC.  We made a reservation with OpenTable and had the choice of sitting outside or in - across from the open kitchen.  We live in Florida now, the heat from the kitchen is normal to us and the table was bigger - so no brainer.  Plus its fun to watch the guys and gals cooking and expediting the plates!  Makes you want to try everything!!!The complimentary bread with white beans could easily be a meal itself.  They are ridiculously good.  And those aren't canned beans!  We started with the black kale panzanella salad.  Crisp black kale, fresh tomato, Sicilian capers and Tuscan bread.  The flavor combination is fantastic.  Since we were traveling, we decided to get a couple of pastas - the two specials were spot on.  Silk handkerchiefs with pesto - sheets of pasta with a delicious pesto that wasn't in the least bit oily.  And the pappardelle with fresh peas.  It was like summer in a bowl.  The homemade fior di latte gelato fizzled with ages balsamic and the fresh fruit was the perfect ending.  Great wine list, awesome service.  My only regret is that we didn't get a couple of Milanese sandwiches to go as our flight home got delayed and would have been nice to have had a few sandwiches!!Looking forward to visiting again on our next trip!
#REVIEW#My husband and I came here on NYE and it was PACKED. They had a few seating times with some stipulations for spending for each seating. We made a reservation at 8PM. I don't think you would have been able to get in without a reservation honestly. There were so many people there and it was all a bit wild. They decorated the restaurant with balloons, which was a nice touch.My husband and I were seated and given menus and the server ran off immediately. He ordered a drink off the special cocktail menu for the night and we made some decisions for appetizers and entrees. It wasn't until hallways through our meal did we realize there was a back to the cocktail menu with specials specific for the evening. No one said anything to us so we didn't think to look. We were VERY disappointed we didn't get the burrata appetizer special, but other than that we were happy with our choices. We went with just the regular plain old mozzarella and tomatoes appetizer and a roasted garlic crostini to start. I got the Cacio e Pepe and my husband got chicken Milanese. We also got the garlic zuchini noodles with almonds on top as a side.The appetizers were quite tasty and we weren't disappointed at all with our choices. My husband enjoyed his chicken and my cacio e Pepe was pretty good but not the best I have had. The sauce was very liquidy and not really sauce like. It didn't have a ton of flavor. It wasn't bad, just okay. The zuchini noddles were tasty but swimming in water, like maybe they didn't drain them enough.The atmosphere was really crazy that night and the servers were clearly feeling it. They were all rushing around very scattered and very stressed. The man who brought our check felt bad and gave us the cocktail my husband ordered on the house, which wasn't necessary but very kind! We enjoyed our food and both commented how we would absolutely come back. We must get that burrata!
#REVIEW#What a charming dinner spot.  Came on a Saturday evening with a party of 3. The wait was about 45 minutes because we didn't have a reservation. It was definitely worth the wait! We did burrata to start which was fantastic. I had the risotto which I enjoyed but probably wouldn't order again. The other entrees at the table were even better. The space was very cozy and fun. Definitely  will go back
