#NAME#Freemans
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/freemans-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#breakfast_brunch,lounges,tradamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Stopped in for cocktails.  It was 11:55 a.m. so we figured that by the time we ordered it'd be after 12:00 pm - and cocktails would be appropriate.  Served at the bar by the consummate professional Elsa, had an excellent vodka martini.  Martini glass chilled with crushed ice as Elsa poured a jigger of vodka in a separate glass.  No vermouth for me.  She then hand-shaped ice cubes to go in the mixing glass as she stirred the martini before the pour.Loved the design of the place - a rustic sheer farmhouse design.  Elsa even showed us the coffee table design book inspired by the restaurant.  Before finishing the martini, I had ordered the book on Amazon (for $10)!  After drinks - a quick trip to the haberdashery was in order.And the alley itself, covered in street art is worth the trip.  A police officer was in the alley and I asked her about it.  I said, "Are you going to have some take this down?"  "No way" she said, "this is beautiful!"
#REVIEW#Such a great space with lovely decor and enjoyable music. The brunch menu options feel very limited In my taste. Coffee and espresso drinks are not on the menu but are available. Overall disappointed. The service was below average. Not sure if it's because we were dressed more casually than others - but the waitress didn't check in on us at the beginning to take our order, didn't check in during the meal to see if we needed anything, and never even asked us when we finished if we needed the check. We had to proactively ask for everything ourselves, by reaching out to other members of the staff or getting up to find her ourselves. Overall we were largely neglected by the waitress while another table adjacent was much much more serviced to. Stumped the whole mood. Beautiful place, but definitely not returning for brunch.
#REVIEW#We thought this was going to be a great experience because it had a 4 star rating, but unfortunately we were greatly disappointed. My husband asked for the Filet mignon well done. It was actually rare inside and burnt on the outside. He also said had asked what they had on draft and the waiter just focused on getting us water. Needless to say we're never going here again.
#REVIEW#Probably my favorite overall theme and feel of any restaurant. From the wall behind the bar to the taxidermy to the old speakers, everything goes perfect together. Feels you are in a lodge upstate NY. I came here for brunch and decided to try the special, filet mignon hash. Such flavor! I loved the tender steak with the soft potatoes and runny eggs.   Also the skillet eggs were top notch. Add bacon and cheese, any other way would be wrong. And...the pancakes were pretty bomb as well.I can't wait to come back for more.
#REVIEW#Total crowd pleaser for out-of-town guests. Freemans is inconspicuously tucked away down a nondescript alley on the LES, marked by work by famous NYC street artists (Sara Erenthal and Sacsix, to name a couple that I saw when I was here this weekend), and is decorated with almost a chic log-cabin vibe, complete with taxidermy, old portraits on the walls, etc. The physical space is pretty large but has a lot of separate rooms, which I actually like a lot. It feels very much like dining in someone's home in the woods. Another aspect that made it feel like being in someone's home in the woods was the mouse that we saw scurrying across the floor the last time we were there. It ran along the wall two tables to our right, and less than 5 minutes after we alerted the server that a mouse was there, a host sat someone at that table. Living only a couple blocks away, I'm no stranger to the ups and downs of the LES myself, but I still thought it was a little strange that the mouse was just ignored at the mercy of the diners.The food and drinks are decent, albeit about 10% more expensive than they should be. My cousin ordered the burger ($18) and I had the fried chicken sandwich ($16) but asked for fries instead of greens. Our friend had the breakfast bowl ($16 I believe) with cauliflower and whatever else it came with. We got drip coffee ($3.50 each) and no refills were brought (unclear whether they would be included anyway), making it a kinda pricey tiny cup. I had a bloody mary ($13) that I didn't think was very good at all. Service is fine but nothing special. Wait can be long on weekends depending on when you go. We went at a weird time and were only quoted 20 minutes, but it can get up to a couple hours if you go without a reservation. Not worth it, imo. Would recommend Freemans for a brunch with girlfriends from out of town that are looking for a cute atmosphere and moderate prices.
#REVIEW#Freeman's was everything I wanted and more out of a cozy Saturday morning brunch in New York. My BFF took the train from Philly to meet me there with our significant others and we had a pretty picturesque morning!She made a reservation which I'm guessing is a necessity, because Freeman's is really popular. The place was packed. The charming blue door and entryway was a welcome sight, and we were seated once our entire party was there. We ended up heading upstairs which wasn't *quite* as cozy as downstairs, but was still wonderful. Service was great throughout our meal as well!It's my fault for not finding out more before ordering, but the skillet eggs with bacon and cheese had way too much liquid going on. Even the whites of the eggs were pretty runny. I'm sure this is fine for some, but I had a really hard time eating it. The cinnamon roll, however, was divine. My wife had the egg white omelet and I think that would be my choice the second time around!Freeman's was a great place to spend a couple of hours catching up and relaxing with great coffee. I'd definitely go back!
#REVIEW#Tl;dr: Hipster vibes galore at this tucked-away-in-an-alley restaurant. A little pricey for what you receive, imo. +FOOD+ ---Special Cocktail: Vodka, Sage, Primrose(?) (5 stars): This was a great cocktail with layers of complex flavors-- floral and grassy notes swirled with the bite of the vodka, complimented by the sweetness of what (if I remember correctly) was sparkling wine. ---Devils on Horseback (4.5 stars): An umami bomb of thick-cut bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese. The blue cheese flavor melts into the sweetness of the date, which finishes nicely with the meaty bacon flavor. This is a classic appetizer, but Freedman's executes it quite nicely. But is it really worth $12 though.....?  ---Buttermilk pancakes (3.5 stars): Pancakes topped with an apple pie filling ... Pretty standard, ask for extra syrup. The candied walnuts are particularly nice-- crunchy and not too sweet.+EXPERIENCE+My friend and I visited for weekday brunch. There was no trouble getting a table. Our waitress reminded me of some sort of Scandinavian minimalist, which was fitting for the overall aesthetic of Freemans... which I would describe as broadly "hipster." Our waitress was polite and attentive. Food came in a reasonable amount of time. For the price, I was not *that* impressed with the food and experience at Freemans, although my friend states that they are better for dinner service. As such, I might venture back to try out dinner, but then again there are plenty of other restaurants that NYC offers...Date visited: 3/29/19
#REVIEW#Hidden in an alley, hard to find, worth looking for. Shared a meal at Freemans this weekend with three friends. Like many NYC restaurants, this is not a big space. The decor is wonderful. The first course and side dishes were served family style and each diner selected a second course, and entree and dessert. We all had the Cauliflower Bisque and Roasted Turkey. For entrees the half roasted chicken ok. Service between courses was a beat or two too slow, but nothing terrible.
#REVIEW#Finally! After bookmarking this place many moons ago, I was able to come here for brunch. I came when they opened and luckily did not have to wait for a table. Inside is a cozy and homey feel. It feels like you're inside a house from many years back and they also have an upstairs section with private rooms in case you want to book the place for a special occasion.Our server was attentive and asked how the food was, asked if we needed anything else, etc.I had the eggs skillet with the bacon and cheese and it was delicious!! The eggs came out hot and on the side was sliced bread. It was delicious and now I can see why this is one of their most popular item! My fiancé had their special- steak hash which was just as good! Now only if they can put this on their menu- it was just THAT good.
#REVIEW#Freemans has been on my list to-try for ages, and I was excited to finally get there for brunch with my husband, one of my best gals and her wife last weekend. We were the first table to be seated upstairs and it was so fun enjoying the bright, sunny room to ourselves for a bit before other parties were seated there as well. Our server was Lex and she was awesome. If she hadn't been working, we would have asked her to pull up a seat! We started with the cinnamon bun which was easy to cut into four pieces. I feel like c-buns can be hit or miss but Freemans' version was definitely a hit! It was crunchy on the outside but not dry, and soft and sweet in the middle, with just the right amount of icing. Totally delicious. Three out of four of us ordered the baked eggs with cheese and bacon. Excellent move. I love baked eggs and this was one of the better versions I've tried. The bacon was chopped into small pieces so it brought great flavor to the tomato sauce and added a really nice texture to every bite. I would definitely order this again on a return visit. Honestly, the meal went way too fast and I loved every part of it. Looking forward to next time!
#REVIEW#Love that it's at the end of it's own alley. Arrived at around noon on Saturday for brunch with my girl friend. We were told there was about a half hour wait but ended up waiting till around 12:45 before we got seated. We took a seat at the bar while we waited (there's another one in the back, if the front's full or you find it to be too cold by the door). I'm not typically a fan of Bloody Mary's but the award winning one at Freeman's definitely made me more partial to it. My friend and I shared the hummus toast, which they nicely cut in half for us, and then for our mains, we ordered the egg white omelette and the french toast. The food was great, didn't take too long to arrive. If you're having the hummus toast, careful not to drop the chickpeas all over yourself if you pick it up to eat it. Note for the fellow lactose intolerant people out there, they only make their lattes with whole milk or heavy cream. Overall nice experience here.
#REVIEW#Pretty standard brunch spot. Decor and service were great but food was very basic, if not a little disappointing. Made a 1:15PM reservation on a Saturday and the wait time without a reservation was only 20-30 minutes when we arrived and we were quickly seated. Our waitress was great and service was very fast. Famously situated in the picturesque Freeman Alley, the interior decor didn't disappoint either. As a fan of vintage goods, I loved the taxidermy and old books/photos lining the walls. The place had a great vibe but my issue was with the food:Skillet Eggs + Bacon: I expected this to be pretty simple and delicious, your classic hearty breakfast. It was so salty. It came with a piece of bread but the bread was super hard and the pairing just didn't work for me. The pepper sauce made the entire concoction very liquidy and difficult to eat. It was a decent portion but we didn't finish because it was so salty.Crab Cake Benedict: I have had some really great benedicts in my life and this was not one of them. The taste of the hollandaise on the egg overpowered the taste of the rest of the dish, which is not what you want in a benedict. The presentation was also very lacking, with a bunch of lettuce leaves strewn between the two benedicts. This was a decent dish but I would expect more from such a highly rated brunch spot.Cute spot with good ambiance and okay food.
#REVIEW#Historic/colonial/rustic settings. Hidden gem of a restaurant tucked away way back of a long and narrow alley way. Bison steak with chimichurri sauce.
#REVIEW#This place was a nice find. You'd have to go through an alley way to get to the restaurant. It's situated at the end of the alley way. Its outdoor was very nice, vintage and inviting. The entrance in the restaurant was however very small. We weren't greeted, just a guy looking at us with a straight face. I waiter was OK, pretty straight forward doing his job. The decor inside was nice with some interesting  pieces. I liked it. The menu options were a little pricey for kind of a basic menu. I tried the Crab Cake Benedict $22, since it was one of the few items that sounded a little more interesting. The eggs were poached perfectly. The flavor of the crab cakes with the hollandaise sauce was a "meh" for me. Not really a flavorful dish. The one I enjoyed the most was the mixed green salad that comes with the dish. Man, I miss that salad.
#REVIEW#This place is super cute, but it gets crazy crowded and the interior is really cramped. We experienced a traffic jam in the vestibule trying to make our way to the host to put our names in! Once we finally made it, though, the wait ended up being only 20 min, which was way less than we expected. We were a party of 3, and we all ordered the English breakfast. I was able to easily substitute extra bacon instead of sausage, which was nice. It's a LOT of food, and I wasn't able to finish it all, but it was good. I didn't care for the beans but my friends both loved them. The mushrooms were my favorite, and the potatoes were really good, well seasoned and soft but not mushy. The bacon was a little disappointing because the menu said it was thick cut, but it seemed to just be regular bacon. Overall, not a bad brunch option if you're in the area. I wouldn't wait more than half an hour or so for it though.
#REVIEW#Finally unlocked this place on Sat night! It's located in a deep alley with a nice neighborhood vibe around. We got there at 8:30pm, but still super crowded. After waiting for 20min we got a table. I ordered cheese-board with three types of cheese, and my bf got devils on horseback for starter and steak for entree.The atmosphere was lovely, just toooooo cold inside...
#REVIEW#I've been here in the past and found it quite lovely. Not today. The hostess had a chip on her shoulder, she was annoyed every time we asked her for something. No hello, no goodbye.. now that's service. Our waiter was rather apathetic as well, felt like he'd rather be somewhere else.And that would all be one thing if the food was impressive but unfortunately it wasn't. I had the BEC toast, there was too much bacon jam and I found it to be overly sweet without a savory element to cut it. My friend enjoyed her crab cakes benedict which looked delicious, but both egg white omelettes were rather bland. I might try again for dinner if I happen to be in the area because the prices are reasonable, but lunch today was nothing to write home about. And the service was definitely subpar.
#REVIEW#If you don't feel like waiting 2 hours to get into Russ and Daughters this is a nearby place to grab a decent brunch.   The food was decent.   The restaurant is super charming and the staff was attentive.   Very cute little walk to find this place down the alley and the restaurant itself is charming.
#REVIEW#Why do New Yorkers love this place?1. It's been cool for a very long time -- not trying to be cool.  Actually cool.  2. Your favorite bartender in NYC has a 22% chance of being an alum of this resto.  Hi, Maxwell! 3. That historical, time-traveling Insta-cute alleyway leading to the front door.  4. The way this place SMELLS.  God love it. 5. Oh yeah and food's great, drinks are impeccable.   Sure they do a fairly typical "hi, we're like a hunting lodge-cum-restaurant with a bunch of antlers on the wall..." but they do it well and it works 100.  Ambience is oh so comfy and casual style vibes and oh, isn't that John Mayer over there?Do it. Do it now.
#REVIEW#Cool "hidden" spot in LES. I love the walk down Freemans Alley; it's very quaint and old-timey. I came on a Sunday just after the brunch rush and grabbed a seat at the bar. The bartender was super sweet and made a great mezcal cocktail called The Smoking Gun. I ordered the Full English Breakfast that came out exactly 3 minutes later, so that was a little unnerving. It was probably an extra order they had lying around. Regardless, the meal was alright but a bit overpriced at $22. I would come back for drinks.
