#NAME#Vietnaam
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/vietnaam-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vietnamese,sandwiches#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#The food was great. Coming in from NorCal, it was a relief to be able to eat a good asian food. For that they deserve the 5 stars. They had the meatball soup with udon, which was perfect for my kids. As for me, I enjoyed the Chanh Cua and Curry Fried Rice. They were good and not something I can find where I live.
#REVIEW#Not the cheapest Vietnamese food you can get on the UES, but we've never been disappointed and they have outdoor seating! Portions are nicely sized, never small. They also have a fun assortment of cocktails to choose from. Things we've gotten before and enjoyed:- Nem - Fried calamari- Assorted steamed dumplings- Pho- Ginger chicken- Bun Xao noodles with shrimp On a nice night, it's a great spot to go to for quick in and out, as they are pretty speedy with getting your food out to you.
#REVIEW#One Sunday afternoon, on our way to a different restaurant, we walked by this place with a lot of people sitting outside enjoying what looked to be some delicious food. So fast forward a couple weeks, my husband and I are both craving some good Vietnamese/Asian fare. We checked out the menu beforehand and saw some items that we wanted to try. We arrived a little before 12PM on a Sunday afternoon. It was gorgeous outside and the restaurant still had plenty of seating available. We requested to be seated outside and it was amazing. At this hour only one table with four seats was directly under the sun and the rest were all covered by the awning. We ordered the Nem (number 3). I just noticed on the menu it says it has shrimp on the inside.. but I didn't really notice it if it was in there. I did notice the jicama and taro the most and wished it had just a little more noodles inside. It had good flavor and was fried really well and of course the fish sauce/sugar sauce that's served with it is the perfect complement. It costs $7.95, but I was actually surprised to see that it came with 4 full sized spring rolls. I feel like what I usually see is 2 full sized spring rolls that are cut in half. These were still cut in half, but there were 8 half rolls total! In my mind, that makes the price a little more justifiable. I ordered the Chicken Bun Xao and I'm really happy with what I got. It did cost $15, but the portion is pretty big. After the spring rolls, I did get pretty full after having half of this dish so I was able to take leftovers home for another meal. It was reminiscent of pad thai, but a little different. Without the nuoc cham sauce (fish sauce/sugary sauce), the noodles had a strong wok flavor, but not too much other flavor. It was still enjoyable, but once I added the sauce it tasted like a variation of pad thai. It's a bit lighter (not as oily and heavy as pad thai can be) and had milder flavor as well. The rice noodles were cooked well and had a nice bounce and chew to it. The veggies inside are carrots, bean sprouts, snow peas and some sort of cabbage. They were all cooked nicely and still had a little crunch to them, so it contrasted nicely with the soft texture of the noodles. The crushed peanuts also added a nice flavor and texture to the dish. The chicken was pretty average, but I wasn't expecting anything phenomenal because the meat in noodle dishes don't tend to be that good. I added a little bit of what I think was Sriracha and squeezed some of my husband's leftover lime onto the noodles as well and it was great! My husband got the spicy pho and he also mentioned how big the portion size was. I tried some of the broth and it definitely looks more intimidating than it is. The broth is not too spicy, but did have a little kick to it. Regarding service, I was a little worried that it would take an extremely long time because we were seated outside. So I did go in with that expectation. Although we didn't get waters right away, when a waiter came over he was ready to take our orders immediately which was good because we knew what we wanted. The food came out in an average amount of time. I wasn't sure if we had a waiter assigned or if it was a collective effort, because the person who took our order was different from the person we asked for a box and got the check from. All of them were fine though. I didn't think it was the friendliest service I've ever had, but it also wasn't bad and everyone was pretty quick and got the job done. I don't really have any complaints about the service. I left satisfied with what I ordered and with a full belly. I am interested in trying to banh mi so I will likely be back to try more!
#REVIEW#Fairly good Viet food here! Still dedicated to the non Viet guests, but they have quite variety of selection here! We enjoyed the outdoor patio, on a nice day and people watching.They offer 10% OFF for Lunch Hour, Monday-Friday 11:30am-5pm. Plus Extra 15% OFF for pick up all day/everyday which is not bad!Nem rolls are good here! Bánh Mì for $11-$12 is stiff but I guess NYC rent isn't cheap!Bánh HõI - angel hair rice + lemongrass Pork is yummy.Efficient service, if I'm in the area again, il come back to try other dishes!
#REVIEW#Horrible service, so-so food, and unclean restaurant. We came at 10pm (the restaurant closed at 11) and they were in such a rush to get us out of there. We were rushed to give them our orders (fair enough, maybe the kitchen was closing), and the server was really impatient with questions. We ordered a pot of tea and it came with two small cups without handles that you could not touch without burning your hand. So you had to wait for the tea to cool significantly which then defeated the purpose of hot tea. This was a waste of money. We placed our food orders and it came out in 3 minutes flat. Normally I like quick service but there were way too many noodles in my pho and way too few in my husband's pho - no doubt a lack of consistency because they rushed the orders. The cleanliness issue - one of the green tea cups had some brown gunk in it. The water glasses smelled like pho, as if they'd been wiped down with rags that had also mopped up excess pho. And then worst was the fact that my husband's chair had some sort of orange sauce ALL over it. He initially thought it was just on the seat and wiped it off, but as we went home, it was all over the back of his pants near his ankles and so forth (see picture). The actual pho itself was so-so (flavorful but too salty), so this place has earned itself a truly 1 star review for being that bad. Avoid this place.
#REVIEW#There's not a lot of good restaurants that serve good Pho in NYC, but I think I finally found one that I'll be happy to come back to when I'm craving Pho.I got to try a few things on the menu and none of them disappointed:Crispy Fried Calamari: Very lightly battered. It feels different than other places I've had fried calamari and I love it. The batter actually sticks to the squid when you dip it in sauce.Steamed Moon Dumplings (Spinach): Not something I'd order, but trying new things is part of the experience. I'm glad I went out of my comfort zone to try this because this is surprisingly really good. Would definitely recommend this to anyone.Spicy Pho Vermicelli: Oh man...when they came out with the bowl, I did not expect the bowl to be huge. You probably could just order this alone and be full for the rest of the day. Spicy enough to taste it and give it flavoring, but not too overwhelming where you're going to feel it. I got option B: Raw Beef Eye Round, Brisket, Tripe, and Tendon. All of this for only $15.
#REVIEW#My friend and I came on a Friday night and i was surprised to find that it was packed with a lot of people waiting! Luckily the wait was only about 15 min for 2 and we were quickly seated.We ordered the roast pork shoulder with sticky rice and the shrimp bun xiao. The food quickly came out on huge platters. The roast pork shoulder was nicely flavored and very tender (like a kbbq taste). It came with pickled veggies on the side which nicely offset the heaviness of the pork. The shrimp bun xiao was also delightful, I wasn't expecting much from a noodle dish but this was packed with flavor. Most dishes were about $15-20 and you get a ton of food!I was very impressed by Vietnaam, it's a great place for dining in or taking out, and I will definitely be back for more!
#REVIEW#Walk by this place all the time and its usually packed. Finally decided to give it a try and wasn't blown away but can see why people gravitate towards it given there's so few decent Vietnamese options in the area. Pho was by far the best thing we had and it was HUGE. Fried rice was also good. The staff was really friendly and attentive, though the 'atmosphere' leaves something to be desired.
#REVIEW#I come here about twice a month !!  Always with my baby , and the service is wonderful , every time !!  I always get the same 3 things ..... Vietnamese coffee, Shrimp Summer Rolls , and the Spicey Phò , and it's always amazing !!!  Thanks guys , keep up the good work !!
#REVIEW#I came here on a Sunday evening. It was pretty busy and a bit noisy but the ambiance was still nice overall. I had the spicy pho udon (option b with the beef eye round, brisket, trip and tendon) for $15. When I got the dish, my first impression to myself was honestly like "woah, it's gigantic/huge!". So in terms of portion size, it's definitely filling. I would say though that there's just too much broth for me. And I sometimes worry about getting a soup dish in a really gigantic bowl (as it often gets warm/loses heat quickly) but I didn't have too much of an issue with that here.In terms of flavor, I found the spicy udon to be surprisingly not that spicy. They have a spice rack and I added some sauce and many jalapeños but still felt it wasn't the exact flavor I was craving... I actually ended up at Vietnaam because Pye Boat Noodle was closed and I do prefer the broth quality at Pye Boat, although I would say Pye Boat's noodle soups are a relatively smaller portion and a bit lighter as a meal in comparison.
#REVIEW#Very positive experience. Had a spicy pho with stripes there after donating at Goodwill next door on Saturday evening. It's fancier than most Asian restaurants, and there are seatings both indoors and outdoor. Since I was alone, I got seated right after getting there. I ordered a spicy pho with stripe, it came with a very large portion. The pho with thin sliced beef and cilantro tasted like my hometown food; I finished the big bowl of pho and definitely loved it !
#REVIEW#We came here on a busy Friday after a long work week. After reading the reviews, we were excited for quality food.We walked in before the busy dinner rush and were immediately seated. The tables are really close to each other, for maximizing space I assume, but it was way too close and I didn't feel as though I had enough room. The waitress took her sweet time getting to us and barked the orders back at us. I tried to ask a few questions and she didn't really have great answers, which was disappointing. The ambiance is loud and the decorations are nifty. There are trees that separate one dining area from another and there are lights strewn everywhere, giving it an intimate feeling.Our food arrived somewhat quickly. We ordered the chicken dumplings to share, I ordered the lemongrass pork vermicelli and boyfriend ordered the spicy pho with beef eye. He really raved about the broth but was put off by the almost raw beef.My vermicelli was room temperature -- the only thing seemingly authentic about it. The pork, which i expected to be a good mixture of fatty and regular meat, was pretty much all fat and gelatinous. Maybe it's because I wasn't expecting it, but I really disliked the fatty parts of the pork. I felt as though it had no flavor and was the cheapest part of the animal. My dish came with fish sauce on the side (I think) and shredded carrots. I really did not think it was worth the price and actually could not finish my food that I was so previously excited to eat because the pork was so bland and I refused to eat just plain noodles. I was definitely upset about that. The dumplings were ok -- definitely on the lower end of spectrum for dumplings. I liked the skin just fine, but the filling was also bland and the amount of chives overpowered the chicken.I definitely don't think I'll be back here and was really disappointed by my service and the food that was served.
#REVIEW#Addicted to Vietnamese pork chop!***Locals  Vietnaam is the local fave for Vietnamese food. They have tons of seating but also does takeout so perfect for grabbing dinner on the way home!***Travelers  In prime location for upper east side, 2nd Ave has tons of amazing restaurants worth checking out! ***My Recommendation I got the bun. You must mix the fish sauce in well and mix everything together. Tastes delicious with the mixture and it's very healthy as well! The noodles soak up the sauce well with the well marinated pork chop.IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#I've ways had a soft spot for this upper east hidden? Gem. This is where I used get my pho fixes after work or on rainy or snowy days - you know when we need warm soup lolThe pho is always a winner, for me the spicy one (not with the udon but ask them to switch it to rice noodles!) is my go to.The vermelli noodle pork chops hit the spot. One of the best in the states so far :p Meat is marinated well and cooked do it's not too chewy along with the vermelli noodle is like a mouthful of flavors burying in your mouth: sweet savory and a hint of citrousy notes that burst in your mouthSummer rolls and shrimp satay appetizers were solid. Have come back many times and will so again ;)
#REVIEW#We came here on a Sunday night around 8pm and it was pretty packed but the wait for a table of 4 was less than 10 minutes. My friends and I shared the pork moonshine dumplings (comes in 6 pieces). The dumpling skin was chewy and tasty, and it goes really well with the filling and given sauce. I personally got the large Laksa with shrimp, and as a Malaysian, I was very impressed with how a Vietnamese restaurant was able to pull it off! I wish they added bean sprouts or more vegetables, instead of just noodles, shrimp, and tiny amount of basils. I was able to try my friend's' dishes - Bun Xao with chicken that tasted like pad Thai, Bun (Vermicelli) with chicken that had a sweet taste to it, and Banh Hoi (Angel hair) with roasted pork shoulders which was super flavorful. I liked all three of them too!The food's definitely on the pricier side for an Asian restaurant standard. The service was decent. Overall, it's pretty good and I'd go back to try the other dishes.
#REVIEW#Still one of my favorite spots to eat at. This time around, we tried the spicy Udon noodles soup with raw beef eye round, brisket and meatballs and long hot pepper chicken with the side of stick rice.The food was absolutely amazing. The portions are great, we had leftovers. The service is very fast and the staff is super friendly. You can't possibly ask for more!
#REVIEW#There may be cheaper Vietnamese places, but the food at this one is good and the ambiance is nice!
#REVIEW#3.5As an UES resident, this is my emergency option for pho if I'm too lazy to take the subway anywhere. The pho's not bad and will do in a pinch. The broth is on the greasier side and their pieces of tai are a bit too dry/chewy, but they got most of the flavor down. I've tried a couple of other things on their menu in the past, including the Canh Chua soup, but wasn't anything particularly memorable. The Vietnamese iced coffee is reeeally good, but it better be good for five bucks. Restaurant definitely feels more upscale than your usual Vietnamese shop and the prices reflect that with the pho being 12 bucks for the most basic options and 14 bucks if you add more ingredients. I was a bit peeved the last time I came cause I ordered my usual 19A Raw Beef Eye Round & Brisket, but without the brisket this time (also known as Pho Tai at other places). I thought they would've added a couple more Beef Eye Round pieces to compensate for no brisket, but I guess they didn't because there was literally only four thin pieces of meat in my pho, a disappoint for 12 bucks. Service is friendly and brisk.
#REVIEW#Vietnaam is my go-to spot for Pho on the UES. There are several other pho options in the area, but I've found Vietnaam to be the best spot overall. The regular steak pho is delicious - great broth and good portions. There are definitely some other items on the menu that I look forward to trying in the future.Also - the restaurant has good lunch specials and a 15% off take-out discount.
#REVIEW#Fresh, delicious, consistent and great price for value. A neighborhood staple that never disappoints. Also, good service and nice roomy seating inside and outside.
