#NAME#Ray's Candy Store
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/rays-candy-store-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#desserts,icecream,hotdog#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#This shop is open 24 hours with Ray working the night shifts himself. Ray is honestly one of the sweetest and kindest person you will ever meet. The store offers a lot of different assortments. The menu is individually printed sheets of paper with the price written with permanent marker and it covers the entire store! It definitely gives you nostalgic feelings. One of the best soft serve ice cream with an unbeatable price! The portion of the ice cream is huge and it only costs $5! It's good old fashion plain, soft, smooth, and creamy!
#REVIEW#This isn't a place I would have walked into if a friend hadn't told me about it. From the outside, you can buy snacks from a window and the store is small and covered with images of foods for sale. Looks really old school.We went inside to discover that they sell basically every theme park/carnival food (hot dogs, soft serve, etc.) at really affordable prices. Ray owns and operates the store and he is just the sweetest guy. Super friendly and even willing to take a few selfies with us. Someone told me he still operates the store so that he can save money for his grandchildren.Can get like 12 fried Oreos for $6 and they are amazing. Basically the best I've ever had.
#REVIEW#Yearning for Miami one night, I thought of all my great memories in the third greatest city in the U.S. (behind LA, NYC, ahead of Vegas): working on a paper at a rooftop bar, walking along Ocean Drive and reflecting on "life," and the fried oreos at Prime Eleven. I couldn't get them out of my head, so started doing "research" on where they are in NYC, besides random street fairs. Jenny L. told me about Jacob's Pickle, but the line seems atrocious. But several websites alerted me to Ray's.The place *is* a literal hole in the wall, and I hoped it'd be more proof for my "the dumpier it looks, the better it tastes" theory. But unfortunately, the stuff is just too canola oil drenched to be good. Although the great dozen for $5 price is awesome P2P (price to portions) ratio, it's not enough to counteract how I was feeling when I got to #11. I wanted to believe the hype, but I couldn't.
#REVIEW#Truly some of the best dessert places I have ever been too! The woman who helps during the day is so kind and does a great job by herself. If there are quite a few people, it may take some time to get your order taken, but the wait is definitely worth it! I have seen Ray himself visit, and he is also nice. They have the best fried Oreos I have ever tasted. We also tried the fried Twinkies, which also tasted amazing! I got the best black/white ice cream cone I have ever had. My brother also loves the egg creams. The prices are very reasonable. They have quite an extensive menu. I have yet to try their meals, such as their chicken fingers and fries.  I look forward to trying more things from here!
#REVIEW#This store is open 24 hours!As part of the food tour my friend and I were doing, I added Ray's Candy store to the list since it had great reviews on Yelp and we hadn't tried egg creams before. I tried the chocolate egg cream here. We were told that a medium is better proportions than the size small. It was good. I hadn't tried egg creams before, but this place apparently has the best egg creams in NY. It tasted like carbonated chocolate ice cream to me. It was good, but I didn't love it. Glad I tried it, but I don't think I would get it again. I also ordered the beignets here. For $6 you get a bag with a lot of pieces. It is very oily and doughy. There's tons of powdered sugar on it too, so be ready to get that all over your clothes.  I would recommend ordering your food outside. We went inside and the space was very small. The menu was hard to read because it was all over the store. We got weird vibes from this place. We were asked if we were here on vacation and if we were Thai or Japanese...even after saying we were all born here and were not in New York on vacation, the lady still told us we looked Thai. My friend eventually just stopped answering the questions because it made her so uncomfortable.
#REVIEW#Egg cream is a little like an ice cream float.Got the vanilla egg cream.  Really good.And their Oreo milkshake is insanely good.Ice cream is really creamy too
#REVIEW#Fried Oreos. Fried dough. Fried candy bars. Cheese, old bay, and regular fries. Mozz sticks. Fish and chips. Chicken fingers. Ice cream. Suffice it to say, I could probably exist quite happily on only their food offerings. My arteries might hate me, though. On my first trip I got the fried Oreos and the fish and chips. The fries were quite good, the fish a bit too salty, and the Oreos were perfection. I can't wait to someday have a drink at Miss Lily's and then gorge on this afterwards! I still want to try their fried dough, Twinkie's, Reese's, and of course get a dipped cone and cheese fries. Seeing as that'd be A LOT for one trip, I guess I'll just have to come a few times more!
#REVIEW#A New York gem. Plentiful portions for reasonable prices. This is true New York at its finest. The menu is extensive...I've had the ice cream and Oreos. Looking forward to going back to try other things!
#REVIEW#I've been wanting to try Ray's for a while and it lived up to the hype when I finally did. The East Village is saturated with trendy, instagram-worthy, and pricey ice cream joints. Ray's is rife with nostalgia for the classic, slightly dingy dessert shop. I came for ice cream but Ray's has much more to offer--the menu wall, decorated not with a hipster letterboard but rather with individually printed sheets of paper, and prices scrawled in permanent marker, boasts an impressive array of selections with no particular cohesion. You can get an ice cream cone, shrimp sandwich, chili cheese nachos, or fried Oreos. My ice cream cone was a classic twist with rainbow sprinkles, and was absolutely massive. I couldn't come close to finishing it, and at 5$, it was a steal. Next time I'll definitely have to try the fried Oreos or beignets--they looked heavenly.
#REVIEW#This is probably one of the most authentic candy stores in the city with all of its history but the best part is you can have just about anything fried. The fried Twix and apple rings are delicious and the egg cream is something you have to try. You can also get normal late night food here too
#REVIEW#3 years later, finally made it back to try the fried Oreos (12 for $6). We also had got the chocolate and vanilla soft serve ($5). The fried Oreos were freshly made, piping hot and so satisfying! Drenched in powered sugar, these treats really hit the spot. The soft serve was huge and tasty. There are so many goodies at Ray's, you'll always find something to satisfy!
#REVIEW#There are only a few shops in the city that are reminiscent of old-school New York as I remember it. I grew up not too far from here in nearby Lower East Side and this is the one of few hole-in-the-walls candy shops that you can basically get anything from. The whole store from floor to ceiling is lined with colorful paper advertising all the goodies that they sell here.  If you like street-fair food, this place is the hidden gem you've been searching for. On my most recent visit here, I settled for a half-dozen order of beignets coated in powdered sugar. The order took about 5-10 to make as everything is freshly fried here. As I was waiting, an older woman came in and ordered an old-fashioned New York egg cream. Every sip she took, she kept telling the server about how the taste of the egg cream reminded her of her childhood. Once my order of a "half-dozen" beignets were complete, I was surprised at the monstrosity of a plate I was given. Apparently, the definition of a half-dozen is a big ass plate here lol. I could only imagine what a full order looks like.Overall, my plate of beignets tasted exactly how I imagined it to taste like. Fried dough. There was an overload of powered sugar covering everything and I eventually got that powdered sugar everywhere as soon as I was done with everything (my clothes, my lips my arms lol.) In conclusion, I'd definitely recommend this place whenever you're in the area and looking for a quick treat. The owner is nice and they do not skimp on the portion sizes here.
#REVIEW#Sometimes it's 2 in the morning, and you pass by a sign that says "fried Oreos" and decide that you MUST have an order. No, two orders. And then you realize with horror that 2 orders is actually 24 fried Oreos and that you have made a terrible mistake, but decide to just roll with it.And then you eat maybe a third of them (with friends, of course, you're not that savage) and decide that you need a little salt to combat the sugar. So you go back and order nachos. And a chili cheese dog. And then screw it, the calories don't count this late at night, and you get an order of fries as well.And then the food comes and you realize you probably could eat for 3 weeks straight with the amount that you've received. But you're already in too deep, and you just have to give it the old college try. And then you're suddenly standing on the street corner, surrounded by the comings and goings of the East Village, furiously shoving fries in your mouth.Your hands are covered in cheese and grease. There may or may not be powdered sugar in your hair. The alcohol in your stomach doesn't stand a chance against the carbs you've consumed. You feel a need to keep going and not waste the bounty you've been unwittingly blessed with tonight.But there's only so much room in your stomach, and your pants are suddenly very tight. With equal parts satisfaction and shame with how much you've eaten, you give up and begin the long walk to the subway. You stand on the L platform, dizzy with the oncoming food coma, and reflect.You should have gotten a soft serve, too.
#REVIEW#I strive to accomplish in life what Ray has.This man came to the country with nothing and now feeds the mouths of thousands of New Yorkers, drunk and sober alike, every month.Fried oreos are the best in the country. I do mine with a cup of milk.I'll always ask if Ray is around - he's usually in the back either making the food or sleeping. I've had the honor of having this 80+ looking year old man bring out a hot plate of fried Oreos with his shaking hands & I cry inside every time.Thank you, Ray. I hope your legacy never dies.
#REVIEW#If your ever in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, this is a must visit! Rays has been there ever since I was a kid. When businesses come and go and you want to eat something quick and late night after a night in the city, you must stop in and see Ray. He has everything your stomach will desire..from fried Oreos which are my favorite, to Belgium Fries with all the fixings, and one of the best places to get soft serve ice cream on a hot day. Keep in mind you must pay cash. No credit cards. His prices are very reasonable for being at that location. There is no places to sit of eat but you can go across the street to the park to eat.
#REVIEW#I can't believe I've lived in New York for 20 years and never discovered this place... Where have you been all my life?? I came with a group of friends, one of who recommended it after dinner. She had the craving for fried oreos and said they were delicious here. I've never had fried Oreos nor do I ever really want fried foods so it didn't matter much to me. When we got here, it looked like just a small regular candy store from the outside. Even walking in wasn't appealing. They have so many options from ice cream to zeppoles, Belgian fries, hot dogs, milkshakes and unique drinks. There were old yellow newspapers on the left wall and just papers taped everywhere. But let this be a lesson to not judge a book by its cover! The oreos and the milkshakes were FANTASTIC. Ray, the owner, was sitting in the corner and just the sweetest thing. The workers were friendly, and overall it was a good experience.  Oreos were super crunchy with confectioner sugar on top - again, i've never had fried oreos before so I can't compare it to anything, but if that's how it always tastes, then I'm a huge fan!  Pop by here for some sugary indulgence :)
#REVIEW#My husband and I went this past Friday night after our ramen date at Tatsu. I went there for the beignets but ended up getting their fried oreos because I read good things on them. They certainly did NOT disappoint. I fell in love with it on my first bite. The ladies who worked that night were so nice and friendly. I wish there was seating because it was cold out and we would have liked to stay and enjoy our fried oreos there. We also had hot chocolate but it was very weak. But what can you do. This place is surely not known for their hot chocolate.I will go back for their beignets and belgian fries someday! Maybe I will get to meet the famous Ray!
#REVIEW#Took me years to finally remember to stop by this place. It's got a lot of character with charming owners, and their fried oreos are freaking delicious. So chewy, freshly made, and wonderfully terrible for your health. Other stuff such as beignets are ok, but the highlight was definitely the fried oreos.
#REVIEW#My great grandfather got the "best egg creams in New York" here... and 3 generations later I can say that statement is still true. Not much else to say!
#REVIEW#Stopped in for some late night munchies after a few drinks. The kids working were really nice. No complaints here. Quaint ice cream place right off the park
