#NAME#Han Dynasty
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/han-dynasty-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#szechuan,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place has one of the best Szechuan food in Manhattan. I generally go to Flushing but this one is worth visiting. Been there two times in last two months. Was never disappointed. First time had chilly dumpling and dry pepper chicken, and second time had wings and chicken in hot sauce. Both the times it was incredible. Little disappointed with the amount of wine. It's overpriced based on the amount given. Anyway, will visit there again.
#REVIEW#One thing about Han is that everything comes in enormous portions, so make sure to share your sustenance! Certainly get the dumplings. It's flavorful. Dan Noodles are heavenly and have an astounding umami property. The Cumin Lamb has an incredible surface and flavor with simply the appropriate measure of warmth.The lunch dishes are also amazing and the prices are just right!
#REVIEW#We went to this restaurant on May 27 , ordered Kung Pao Chicken, Gingers with duck, rice, and a drink, Kung Pao chicken was basically  sweet & sour chicken with chill peppers,  barely had gingers in the duck dish,  they used leeks instead, and the worst thing about the duck dish was they didn't wash through the leeks, my husband and I both felt eating sand in the mouth when we were having the ginger duck. We would never come back to this horrible restaurant again!
#REVIEW#I had dinner here on Friday and it was really busy for a 7:00 PM dinner. The place was packed! Nonetheless, we were seated so quickly (I put myself on the waitlist using the yelp app - which made things seamless). The waitress offered us to try the mixed cocktail with this aged rum. It was good so we ordered two. It was the mango cocktail, but just be aware it is on the sweet side! We ordered pork buns, a side of vegetables, the dry hot pot with pork for the entree. Honestly, we definitely over ordered. The dry hot pot was bigger than expected and comes with a side of rice. If we had to do it again I would've held off on the pork buns (even though it was so delicious!). Also, the main entree was spicy! I enjoy spicy food so I was fine but if it isn't your cup of tea just be aware of this. The food was amazing, service was great the only thing is that it is so incredibly loud here that it was impossible to have a conversation without screaming. But I do understand it is the LES so maybe it's just because of the neighborhood. All in all a great time.
#REVIEW#Been coming to this spot many times - very solid and consistent Chinese food. Great service and love the menu - every style I've tried (dry pot, picked Chile, garlic, dry pepper etc...) has been 10/10. The dan dan noodles are one of my favorites.  Def recommend to go with friends so you can share more dishes!
#REVIEW#The BEST Chinese food I have had, in nyc or elsewhere. You can try many of their great options here, but the one thing I recommend (and that I keep going back for) is the dry pepper style fish. It's so spicy but so good. I get this as takeout almost every week and haven't gotten tired of it.
#REVIEW#Pro tip: join the waitlist on yelp before heading to the restaurant! The wait times for dinner here can get crazy. Pretty good chinese/Szechuan food with a few Taiwanese twists thrown in. I tried the cabbage with dried peppers, wontons in chili oil, garlic sauce style lamb, and three cup chicken.The cabbage was a great veggie dish to get. It was packed with Szechuan flavor, but not overly drenched with sauce. The wontons weren't anything special. Garlic sauce style had a good amount of veggies in it like bamboo, Woodear mushrooms, bell peppers, and onions. Three cup Chicken was good with the flavor as well, just a little overly salted in my opinion. Overall pretty good meal and service for how busy they get.One thing I noticed at the end of the meal that was kind of concerning is that the rim of the teapot had a black residue coming off of it. Black water got all over my hands and on the napkin. They should probably watch the quality of the pots they use and if it has lead paint issues or something.
#REVIEW#Han Dynasty has been a staple of my lunch option ever since I started working around here in Union Sq. I quite enjoy their Spicy Szechuan lunch menus and so far none of them has disappointed me. I've also gotten take outs here after ordering through their own online website, its a bit shame that they're not part of Grubhub but in the 3-4 times I've ordered here they never have gotten my order incorrectly. The food is always ready before the time they quoted and still very warm by the time I walked to my office.This latest time I tried both their Cumin Chicken and Dry Pepper Chicken. Both are really quite a economical meal at around $10 each. The portions were quite decent certainly enough for a single person for a very heavy lunch. I quite like how they allow you to choose the spiciness of the dishes right on line from scale of 1 - 10 definitely very helpful to those like me that can't handle very spicy foods.Since their orders were always ontime I never had to wait when I go pick up my order and the hostess has always greeted me quite nicely making the whole experience very pleasant. The food is very authentic and not overly salty and I look forward to coming here quite regularly in the future.
#REVIEW#Han Dynasty is a classic Szechuan place in East Village catering to spice seekers, with trademark dishes like dry pot and tripe in chili oil alongside more tame lo mein and fried rice options.One of my friends raves about this place and has ordered their wings literally dozens of times on Caviar, so my boyfriend and I made our first visit a couple months ago.Dan dan noodles ($9) were disappointing-- oily, only a few bits of pork, and not very spicy. Overall plain. Dumplings in chili oil ($8) were unmemorable. I didn't feel like their indications of spice were all that accurate.Dry pepper chicken wings ($11) were the best of what we had. Great wings and perfect level of spice. I'd come back for these alone (or simply order in). Addictive.The atmosphere is middle of the road; I like the lighting and there's a nice buzz from the crowd. Asian lagers are reasonably priced. Service was quick.Overall I wasn't wowed by my first visit but I'll give them a few more tries as there must be some secret sauce here.
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! The Dan Dan noodles are unique and a must if you come this restaurant - great flavor and the minced pork on top is amazing! Their dumplings in chili oil are great too! I have tried both their kung pao chicken and chicken garlic style as well which are yum. Overall, everything on the menu is great. Only issue with this location is that it can get very busy for good reason so their might be wait times, beat that by joining the waitlist on yelp a little before you reach the restaurant. Wish the restaurant was more spacious as it is a tight space when walking between the tables to your seat and restroom. But hey, nothing is perfect. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#HUGE fan of Han Dynasty. This location far and away better than the Brooklyn location because the service was actually good. And how is it possible to not stop talking about the Dan Dan noodles. Very spicy but excellent all around. I could eat 10 bowls of them. Would recommend coming here non peak hours because it gets slammed but the wait is worth it.
#REVIEW#Great but inconsistent food, long waits, questionable service.I recommend the Dan Dan Noodles and the Pickled Style Fish. The noodles were authentic Szechuan. Each bite was loaded with flavor and a hint of spiciness. I've come here on a couple occasions and it tasted different - probably just a different ratio of sauce ingredients. They both tasted great though.The Pickled Style Fish is sometimes really spicy and other times mild. It's always delicious. Generous portion of fish, great combination of vegetables and always authentic.Also, you get a complimentary kettle of tea, which was nice.The service is questionable. People around us get kicked out all the time for being slow. The owner can be rude at times. Be prepared to wait a long time before getting in. Getting on the Yelp waitlist saves time.
#REVIEW#Amazing food, especially the spicy options on the menu. Got the bourbon cocktail which was amazing.
#REVIEW#HAN DYNASTY. My favorite place to eat in NY! Usually don't go to this location but it's nice that is open and you can people watch. Ok now the food!!!This is the most amazing Szechuan food I've ever had. Everything is great but I recommend.. Get the Dan Dan noodles. The wings are also fantastic and last time I also got the asparagus, which was very very refreshing, unsurprising that it was amazing like the rest of the menu!
#REVIEW#First, let me be clear by saying that everything about this place was great except for what I am about to mention. Only reason this place deserves a 2 instead of a 4 or 5 star rating is due to the woman/host (person who brought us to the table) rushing us. We (party of 2) arrived around 6pm. We noticed that over time, the place started to get crowded quickly. Needless to say, we had no idea that the overcorwdednss would be the reason for the host (person who took us to the table) to rush us SEVERAL TIMES by saying "there's people waiting so you have to hurry up". Who does/says this?! I was still having my drink and I tried telling her this twice! To make matters worse, our table had to be shifted by HER twice to make room for the tables adjacent to us. And she had the nerve to rush us!!! Due to this poor and inconsiderate service, we will not be returning! Manger: pls train your employees properly and teach them how to cater to customers. This event occurred on April 11, 2019.
#REVIEW#I'm not entirely sure why this place is popular. But honestly I wasn't impressed by the food for the price paid. We ordered Dan Dan noodles, cumin lamb, chili pickled fish and a string bean cold appetizer. Dan Dan noodles tasted significantly different from the ones I had in China (it's a very common sichuan street food). Not sure if it's because there's too much ma jiang? The fish dish was not even close to what it's supposed to be like... They added a lot of starch to the soup which was really weird...The string bean and lamb dish were good but basic. Free rice and complimentary tea was nice. Service was good and fairly quick.
#REVIEW#Long wait but worth it! I need to come back to try the Dan Dan noodles that everyone was ordering. Note: the spicy scale here seems to be a bit undersold. I do not have a high spicy tolerance, but I was able to eat the wonton appetizer that was rated a 4 and even my friend's dish that was rated at a whopping 8!I ordered the Kung Pow Chicken, which I believe was a 3 on the spicy scale, and it wasn't spicy but was very tasty. I like the amount of garlic and peanuts that were in the meal, and the portion size was large. I definitely went home with leftovers. The one unimpressive component of the meal was the rice. It was pretty dry and crumbly, but honestly, my main entree was good enough to eat alone.
#REVIEW#This restaurant is worth the hype. It is always packed around dinner time. They now let you put your name on the waitlist virtually which is great, but the time estimate wasn't accurate so be prepared to wait a bit anyways. The inside has tables stacked closely together with some of the tables being shared tables.We were a group of four and shared a whole bunch of things. To start, we got dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, pork buns and sesame noodles. We LOVED all three but our favorite was the sesame noodles. These had great flavor and just the right spice level. We all had various levels of spice tolerance, so next we a few dishes that were varying in spice level. We got the scallion pork, the Kung pao chicken, and dry pepper shrimp. The scallion pork and Kung pao chicken were great. The Kung pao chicken was my favorite of the two. I didn't try the dry pepper shrimp because it was supposed to be crazy spicy, but others liked it too!They had a small beer and wine selection that does the trick. Price is very reasonable. Definitely a good spot for Asian food!
#REVIEW#I have since come back multiple times and have had it delivered a good number of times, and it's still just as amazing as ever!-Scallion pancake: standard dish, amazing, but a little bit overpriced here for the portion-Vegetable fried dumplings: delicious-Dumplings in chili oil: significantly heavier than the vegetable fried dumplings, but very delicious-Beef & tripe in oil: classic Szechuan dish. I Solid-Sichuan pickled vegetables: so good, but so overpriced...will continue to get it nonetheless-Spicy crispy cucumber: it's gonna be a no for me. Too sweat for my liking-Dan dan noodles: must get! So delicious and great portion size-Lo mein: passable. Not bad, but you can get this anywhere-Mung bean noodle in black bean sauce: so delicious! another classic Szechuan dish-Cold noodle with chili oil: awesome, but I prefer the dan dan noodles-String beans with minced pork: another standard, can't go wrong dish-Eggplant with garlic sauce: standard, can't go wrong-Mapo tofu: standard, can't go wrong-Pickled vegetable with fish (soup): seriously such an underrated item here. LOVEAs for the entrees, it's kind of hard to differentiate when you look at it on the menu, but they're actually all quite different. If it's your first time here, I recommend getting the dry pot style or cumin style! Those 2 are definitely my favorites. Han Dyansty is pretty bad about honoring reservation times, and the chances are that you'll likely end up sitting very close to another party; however, the food and overall lively ambiance is well worth it!
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday night at around 8 and had to wait around 35 minutes for a table. Luckily they had some seats at the bar area for us to sit at inside while we waited.The dan dan noodles were just ok. This is the first time I ordered them from here but they were a little too peanuty and lacked flavor. Also the noodles were slightly too cooked for my liking. I would skip this and order some of the other dishes. I was also slightly disappointed by the dry pepper chicken this time. It wasn't as crispy as I remember it and it seemed a little thrown together. Still very good but not as good as I've had it at other places.String beans and fish in spicy sauce were bomb though!
