#NAME#Rubirosa
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/rubirosa-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,pizza#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Ok. I have been here in the past and loved it..but I went the other day again and I can't even put into words how much I loved this pizza. The entire time I ate it all I could think about was how I was definitely not worthy of pizza that good. For real though..get the tie dye pizza and don't share it because even though it looks big the crust is thin and you definitely won't want to share. Vodka sauce, fresh mozzarella and pesto drizzle. I'm not someone that is normally able to finish an entire pizza but I had no issues finishing this pizza whatsoever. I kid you not, my stomach just rumbled as I'm writing this review. The pasta is also so incredibly amazing and delicious and you'll love it. I personally love the ravioli.With all of that said, I no longer live in NY, but since I still have family here I visit from time to time. Places like Rubirosa make me want to move back to NY. I hate the subways, I hate how dirty the city is..but Rubirosa makes all of that ok because IT'S SO GOOD AND YOU HAVE TO GO HERE. We walked in around 9:45 and it was packed (it's always packed but what do you expect it's amazing), but we were able to get two seats by the bar. Servers were super friendly too. Just..ugh. So good, easily the best pies in NYC.
#REVIEW#It's a bold claim, but I think this is the best pizza in NYC. Rubirosa has the ultimate thin and crispy crust, if you like this style. The tomato sauce is also perfect. The vodka, supreme, and arugula pizzas are all literally perfect. The pastas are also solid, tasting freshly made and al dente. The calamari was a surprise hit, I thought it would be routine but actually fresh and the batter is simultaneously substantive and light. Kind of like tempura. The wait is ridiculous and detracts from the experience though, we were quoted a 2.5 hour wait on one night. The frustrating thing was it didn't seem they were trying very hard to optimize usage of space, plenty of tables left empty as they slowly went down the wait list. Overall incredible food that is worth the bad wait.
#REVIEW#The VODKA PIZZA is just as good as I remember it, maybe just a little sweeter. MAKE A RESERVATION to make things easier ----small vodka pizza (6 slices): I cant believe i used to be able to share the large for 2 people, even though its perfectly cracker thin ---meatballs: such a great appetizer!! The tart, thick marinara is so delicious and a great contrast to the slightly sweeter vodka pizza Still one of my favorite pizzas in NYC and thus anywhere
#REVIEW#Best pizza I've ever had. Easy to say being from the city of Boston where pizza is on the mediocre side. That's not to take anything away from Rubirosa.Rubirosa is known for their Supreme and Vodka pizzas. Despite, I went with half Vodka and half Fresca, wanting a lighter pizza. Skip the Fresca and go with the Vodka, sauce is lighter but tastier. The crust is very thin and crunchy, but could be more moist.It's $21 for a small 12" pie or ~$27 for a large, not cheap by any means, but worth it for a great pizza. Wait was reasonable at ~25 minutes for takeout.
#REVIEW#Definitely some room for improvement here. My friends and I shared a half Tie-Dye, half Rubirosa Supreme pizza. The good stuff: the deliciously crispy crust and the sweeter-than-normal tomato sauce. On a overall level, the pizzas needed work. The vodka sauce on the Tie-Dye was subpar, more tomato than cream. I couldn't really taste the pesto, and the crust was too delicate to hold all the sauces so the toppings were constantly sliding down. The Rubirosa Supreme was slightly better, accentuated by the Prince Street-esque slices of pepperoni.
#REVIEW#One of the best pizzas in NYC. Authentic thin crust just like they make in Italy. So thin crust that the crust cracks while you're eating it. We were lucky to come here during off peak time, and even then there was about a 20-minute wait to get a table. We were seated all the way back in the kitchen section, which was kind of like torture because you had to keep watching pizzas go by while waiting for yours and drooling. Finally our pizza arrived - we shared the Rubirosa Supreme (which comes with pepperoni and mini meatballs) - it was delicious and we inhaled it. The smaller size was perfect for two people. Decent service, it could have been better, was a bit slow. But the pizza more than made up for it.
#REVIEW#Rubirosa is my go to spot for quality Italian food in Manhattan. Nestled on Mulberry street, this gem offers - in my opinion - the best pizzas in the city and it will not break the bank. The one drawback is wait times... Getting a table here is tough, expect a 2 hour+ wait around peak times.Some pro tips:- The Grey Dog is right across the street and is great for a coffee or wine/beer while you wait!- Resy lets you book reservations and they block off a certain number of tables for this... that being said, you'll need to book around 3 weeks in advance.For food, definitely get some pizzas. They come in a medium and large size, for four people, we ordered one of each. Two mediums would have been better portion sizes to give you an idea on how much to order. Definitely get the tie-dye pizza, it's delicious!
#REVIEW#I was staying in NYC for a weekend and wanted to eat all the great foods of the city.Rubirosa ended up being the best pizza I have been faced with. Holy S*!?. This was amazing. The fact the dough is so perfectly thin and fluffy. It doesn't have the consistency of a cracker though a lot of folks compare it to that. The fluffy dough is complimented with that AMAZING vodka sauce. Some of the best pizza sauce I've ever had. Put it in a damn bottle I'll eat it with pasta for crying out loud. Besides the amazing Vodka pizza side. The Supreme. Boi the supreme was everything a pizza connoisseur looks for in the PERFECT slice. The pepperoni weren't that nasty plastic like floppy pepperoni slices. Nice thick slices with a great flavor. Along with the basic, garlic, and can't forget the sausage on top. This place is amazing. For ONLY $26. Y'all. I had the best pizza in my life for $26? Count me in.Peace.
#REVIEW#Although they didn't have any more reservations before hand, I was able to do a walk in and only wait about thirty minutes. Everything was as delicious as advertised, particularly the meatballs and supreme pizza. We tried half and half of the Rubirosa supreme and the vodka. Both were delicious but the supreme just was superior in my opinion. If there's one silver-lining to not working or living near here is that I won't go obese from ordering from here all the time.
#REVIEW#Rubirosa is famous for its pizza, but don't sleep on the pasta. It's hot and you'll get covered in sauce. You'll look like a slob, and that's unbecoming of a patron of a restaurant such as this. Whilst the raviolis look like miniature pillows from heaven, they taste even better. Leave them for your stomach, not your face. Now to the pizzas: the tie-die (their vodka sauce margarita with tasteful swirls of pesto) is a thrill, as is the supreme. And that's coming from one who generally doesn't like meat on their pizza pie (go figure!). Skip the funghi unless you really want it. I won't stop you, as I probably don't even know you.
#REVIEW#I just die for the tie-dye pizza at Rubirosa. It's so perfectly thin and crisp with a combo of tomato sauce, vodka sauce, pesto, and fresh mozzarella, it really is a well balanced and delicious pizza. The thin crust doesn't leave you feeling too heavy either.Pro-tip: the wait here can be pretty annoying and I'm always trying to evade waiting, so I often use Caviar to order from here!!Use my Caviar code to get $10 off two orders! (Thank me later :)) trycaviar.app.link/vj3fu…
#REVIEW#It's nearly impossible to get seating here because of the long wait. We had to order pizza to go, so of course we got the highly-touted "Vodka Pizza", which is a creamy orange vodka sauce with islands of melted mozzarella cheese, on top of a cracker thin crust. The taste was fine, almost like eating pasta with vodka sauce. I think next time I'll have to try some of their meatier varieties.I understand there's a lot of hype surrounding this pizza joint but I was underwhelmed. Perhaps I don't understand NY pizza. Pizza to me is a very simple meal, with tons of cheese, grease, and bread. I'm not the kind of person who goes for prosciutto and arugula on pizza, because it feels like trying to make something unpretentious more than what it is.
#REVIEW#Very good pizza, supper yummy. Very thin and delicious. But be ready, takes forever to get the food
#REVIEW#Came here while I was on a trip to New York with a friend. This place is pretty famous so we decided to give it a try. It was a little pricey but it's New York so what can I expect. We got seated in a super small table right next to the entrance of the kitchen so that kind of sucked because I really had to stick to the wall to avoid not getting it the way of the servers but it was busy so I wasn't too upset about it. We ordered the carbonara pasta and a pizza with half Bianca and half Tie-Dye. The pasta was delicious, perfectly salty and creamy with good chunks of bacon. The pizza was delicious as well. It was slightly on the sweeter side which I wasn't really a fan of, but nonetheless it was still delicious. The service was alright. Our server seemed a little high, but he was still nice. Overall I think this place was great but I just don't find myself reminiscing about it. I'd probably not go back just because there are soooo many other pizza places in New York to try it'd be a waste of opportunity to go to the same place.
#REVIEW#We stopped here after seeing great reviews. We wanted to dine in but it was like a 3 hour wait so we ordered to go. We got the mushroom pizza, vodka pizza, and a pizza with pepperoni. The vodka pizza was amazing! The vodka sauce was so delicious. It tasted like I was eating pasta. I loved it. I would go back to New York just for the vodka pizza! One day I hope to be back!
#REVIEW#Update: came back here again and I love this place. The pizza here is literally the bomb dot com. I don't know what changed but when I just think about this place I salivate. I salivated before my meal, all through my meal, and I'm still salivating now. The pizza here is delicious. I split a large with my friend (half tie-dye and half arugula with mushrooms and lemon) and honestly my stomach was going to explode because of how full I was but my tastebuds were going MORE. The wait staff is generous and not bothersome. I would suggest coming here off hours (before peak lunch and dinner hours) because the wait times are extensive. Seriously, I'm the biggest pizza fan ever and this place is yum from the toppings to the thin, crispy and crunchy crust, to their excellent combination of flavors and ingredients. Just. Yum.
#REVIEW#Rubirosa is hands down my personal favorite pizza place in all of NYC. It is hard to get reservations but it is worth planning and booking super far in advance. The pizza is delicious. It is typical thin crust New York pizza and it has ruined all other pizza for me. It is chock filled with toppings, the slices are enormous, the prices are good, and the crust is always perfectly crispy Insider tip, get your pizza half and half of different types and ask for your pizza to be cut into 16 slices so everyone can eat exactly how much and what they want. The octopus appetizer is absolutely delicious. It's super tender and perfectly cooked and flavored. Also the black and white tagliatelle is also maybe my favorite pasta in the city. It has the largest most generous amount of seafood in a seafood pasta. The sauce is delicious, the seafood is super tender and the pasta is unique and amazing. My personal favorite is the Rubirosa Supreme Pizza. Every topping on it is the best. Generous helpings of toppings so you don't have to fight to get the best slice cuz they're all good. The tie dye pizza is also a great balance to the supreme pizza! Both of those pizzas are the best.
#REVIEW#Good food. Decent amount of seating but it feels cramped inside. There's also a variety of seating which range from being at the bar to high tables and low tables and rooms with dim lighting as well as brighter lighting. The staff is kind and they do get a lot of orders so it takes a long time to get your pizza. The wait to get seated wasn't too long, maybe about 20-30 minutes. They take your name and phone number down so you don't have to stay outside the door to wait for your table which is definitely a pro. I came here to try the famous tie-dye pizza and I must say, it was good but it didn't live up to my expectations. I love that the crust is thin and crispy and the addition of pesto definitely added a great flavor to the pizza. I also got the Rubirosa supreme which I really liked. The toppings on top really added so much more flavor to the pizza. They also give some seasonings which you can add on yourself. The pizzas also get cold quickly which makes the cheese and sauces solidify and it doesn't taste as good when it gets cold.
#REVIEW#Rubirosa is Raymond's favorite pizza place in NYC; it's mine, too, after Marta (which is a bit fancy for pizza but at least there isn't a wait). Unfortunately, we don't come here often enough because he doesn't like waiting. If you don't mind waiting at least an hour, this is one of the best pizzas in the city. The crust is thin and crispy but firm enough to support toppings - Raymond's pizza pet peeve is when the pizza sags or flops under the weight of the toppings - and even the simplest sauces are elevated to new heights. If you're torn between choices, you can get half and half! + Rubirosa - This is the one we always get; it's meaty and so incredibly satisfying and tasty. It's not fancy - just hearty and comforting. Every bite is delicious. You can't go wrong with this. + Tie dye - This is a vodka sauce pizza with swirls of pesto drizzled on; they're not mixed. I really liked this because I got to try both flavors; even though this was vegetarian, it was totally worth the lack of meat. (It also helped that we got it with the Rubirosa, so our meat need was sated). The vodka sauce is so flavorful and amazing - I wish they could combine the vodka sauce with the meat toppings. When we left Rubirosa, we noticed with amusement that every table had either the Rubirosa, the vodka one, or both. If it's your first time, definitely try one of those.
#REVIEW#Finally got to try this place after hearing so many good reviews from friends about it. Went in on a Sunday afternoon and there was a wait. It was 30 minutes so we walked around the neighborhood and they take texted us. We sat down all the way in back near kitchen and were greeted by our server immediately. It was pizza only at the time which was fine with me so I didn't see the other menuJust did a classic with half sausage and it was so big and good. Thin pizza with an amazing sauce and the sausage was spread out evenly So good I will def be back
