#NAME#Top Thai Greenwich
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/top-thai-greenwich-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#thai,cocktailbars,halal#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Shout-out to all of the friendly waiters and waitresses who work here! They honestly made the entire dining experience so enjoyable and took the time to introduce me to their cool Yelp events when they found out that I recently got Yelp Elite. We arrived at 6 PM and the restaurant was already packed. Granted the restaurant is pretty small so seating was limited. The waiter out front was very accommodating and set up a table for three. We all ordered drinks off of the happy hour menu. My Long Island Iced Tea was very refreshing and my friend's Lychee Soju was perfectly sweet and creamy. I think I tasted Calpico in my friend's drink but I'm not entirely sure![ Green Curry Fried Rice ] This was served in an adorable tin bowl and the overall assembly of the dish was very aesthetic. I asked for mildly spicy but found it to be a little spicier than I expected. The curry flavor wasn't too strong but the overall flavor of the dish was very rich! I loved the variety of veggies (eggplant, green beans, carrots, etc.) that was included in this dish. I would definitely come back again during happy hour. Once again, I really appreciated the people who worked here and I hope to see them again!
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch on a weekend and waited about 30 mins for party of 2. The place was very small and cramped with few tables. They have lunch specials (free appetizer with a purchase of an entree) and happy hour deals ($5 beer and $7 select cocktails/wines) EVERY DAY. I highly recommend getting the lychee mimosa. It was not too sweet, bubbly and gave me the perfect buzz. Service was great. Food was delicious. - Kui Chai (Chive Pancake): Not what I expected but pretty good. The pancake wasn't crispy but thick and pillow soft. It was drenched in delicious sauce. - Spring Roll: Nice but nothing special. It was super crispy and filled with bits of vegetables and topping with some light sweet sauce. - Peanut Curry with Duck: The curry was SOOO GOOOD! The flavors were bold, sweet, savory and a little spicy. It went so well with rice. The duck was average. The skin wasn't as crispy as I would've liked but the meat was tender. - Green Curry with Beef: Very good. It was flavorful, creamy but I prefer red/yellow curries more. There were plenty of vegetables. The beef was a bit too chewy. I would recommend getting a different protein.
#REVIEW#Excellent place if you want delicious Thai food.  All the food is well prepared. They have a knockout list of cocktails that complements the menu.  The place is small so expect some wait times.  However if you call in advance they do their best to accommodate you and your party.  This place is idea for small gatherings and a great place for those who love girly fruity cocktails.  The food is creative and tasty and underscores the fun part of  Thai Food.  You feel like your at a party and someone is celebrating and serving you food you would eat at a party.  I definitely will return to try the other foods on the menu.  They listen carefully if you want specific proteins in your meal, and they use wholesome ingredients, prepared in a playful way. Top THAI fees like a joyous experience.  Also who can go wrong with there mango and lichee cocktails...
#REVIEW#Be prepared for a wait. This place is teeny tiny. The really do their best at getting people in efficiently though.Once we were finally seated we were ready to chow down. I got the basil udon with beef. I don't often have udon in a Thai dish so that was a nice change of pace. It was pretty good and very filling. The top Thai curry was more on the sweet side. They have a taro custard that is a pretty good and unique dessert!
#REVIEW#I made a reservation for thursday lunch and I absolutely loved my experience here! The staffs were very friendly, service was great, and our food came out very quickly. My friends and I got their lunch special with one appetizer and one entree for around $10, and $1 drink. I got their pineapple juice and my friends each got Thai iced tea and Thai iced coffee. My pineapple juice was a bit too sweet for me but it was still really refreshing! For my appetizer, I got their spring rolls and they were so yummy. They were crispy and had the perfect amount of filling. For my entree, I got their basil udon with chicken, which was amazing! The noodles were so tasty with the sauce and it had a good amount of veggies and chicken. I've never had udon dish from a Thai restaurant before so I was a bit skeptical, but it was so delicious! It tastes a bit like Pad See Yew but with udon noodles instead and a bit of spiciness. Also, if you pay in cash you get 10% off! Overall, I think this place serves really good Thai foods with reasonable prices! I would definitely come back!
#REVIEW#Totally love the every single dish that we ordered. We had a crispy Red Snapper with Basil sauce, Shrimp Pad Thai and crispy Tofu. The fish is perfectly fried. It's crispy outside and yet maintains the moistness of the fish. The Basil sauce is fragrant with a nice balance of sweet, lightly salt and sour.  I love the Pad Thai. I'm very specific and picky about my Pad Thai. I like This Pad Thai for its nice texture and perfect balance of lime flavor and sweet. It looks so simple, yet has a big flavor. The crispy tofu is another dish that they cooked perfectly..crispy outside and soft tofu inside.The restaurant is very small so it's challenging to get a table during busy hours. I surely come back for more meals here whenever I'm back to NYC
#REVIEW#I LOVE THIS PLACE. We were literally the last customers this past Saturday night, yet everything we ordered was superb!! We made it just in time - around 10:15pm. The kitchen closes at 10:30pm and they were able to seat us pretty quickly. Our server was also very attentive, allowing us to enjoy our meal and continuously refilling out water without having us feel rushed to leave since they were closing.We ordered the pineapple fried rice, basil udon with duck and grilled steak. The fried rice was PERFECT - not too sweet with the pineapples and the flavoring was just right. The basil udon has a kick but just the right amount. The sauce was so flavorful and the duck was impeccable. The skin was so crispy and meat so tender. The rice and udon balanced each other out because if we ate the udon alone it would've been too salty. THE GRILLED STEAK Y'ALL. It came with a sauce but you honestly don't need it. Just let the steak do the talking to your mouth with such rich flavor and incredible tenderness.For drinks we ordered the peach mojito and lychee mimosa - both amazing and not too sweet!One of my favorite Thai places for sure!!!
#REVIEW#Everything here was amazing from the service to the food. *halal alert* udon basil with crispy duck was my fav. Service was super friendly but place was busyyy. Defi coming back
#REVIEW#Great and fast Thai food spot! Super friendly staff and ran at lightening speed with your food to you!! Great for the timing efficiency in nyc. Happy hours at 7.30 weekdays with 5 dollars beers. We had the papaya salad, the tomyum soup and the grilled steak. Would definitely recommend the steak and the tomyum noodles with seafood. The papaya salad was a little on the sweet side. Glad we found this gem place and will def come back!
#REVIEW#A group of my friends and I were going to meet up for dinner so we each started to look for a restaurant that we would like to try. One of my friends found this restaurant and saw that it had many good reviews and took reservations so we decided to come here. We made a reservation for Friday at 6:30pm. When my friends and I first arrived, the restaurant was already packed with one table getting ready to leave. The restaurant not very big with a small bar area by the window and tables on each sides of the walls. The menu was big and had a variety of dishes to choose from. We ordered an app sampler to share and then individual entrees. For the app sampler, we could choose three different appetizers from the menu so we ordered the crab rangoon, fried calamari, and chicken satay. As for entrees, we ordered pad Thai with different types of protein, pad see won, and tom yum noodle soup. We also each order drinks: Thai ice tea, coconut and lychee ice tea. There was a promotion for $1 Thai ice tea if you check-in on Yelp. We all thought the food was really good and they gave a generous portion from the appetizer to the entrees. Note that the pad see won can be a bit sweet so the staff will tell you to mix it well beforehand. We also all thought that each of our drinks were good. Overall, I would definitely come back again if I am in the area and recommend others to come here for Thai food. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is good. If you come with a big group of friends, I would definitely make a reservation first as the restaurant is not very big. And as a note, the restaurant will give you a call the day of to confirm the table so pay attention to your phone.
#REVIEW#The shrimp in clay pot is also excellent! The whole fish and sizzling seafood ordered by our neighbors looked great. Note that you may well receive your appetizer and entree simultaneously. And tables are small, so crowding will result. Tables are also close together, so expect noise, not privacy. I can't wait to try more dishes!
#REVIEW#Absolutely worth it. Make reservations to avoid long wait times and enjoy a great meal at Top Thai. We had spring rolls, fried tofu and Kui Chai (dumplings) for appetizers and street fried rice, basil udon and green curry for our entrees. Kui Chai and basil udon with skirt steak were my favorites. Service was quick and friendly
#REVIEW#Craving Thai food? Top Thai should definitely be on your top "must try" list here in NYC. Nestled in a  trendy location, it makes for the perfect night out. Happy hour, tasty food and drinks, and SUPERIOR service are what make Top Thai an Elite restaurant. Not to mention they are on the Yelp Top 100 for NYC!Upon arrival we were greeted by the host and he advised us of the wait. He was an extremely proficient host, as he kept checking on us, making sure we were ok, and updated us on the waiting time. We were soon notified a table was open for seating! Inside is a bit on the small side, but it makes for an intimate dinner and servers have easy access to you as well. Once we were seated, our waitress gave us a warm welcome and advised us of their specials and favorite things on the menu. We ordered a beer, the ROSE margarita, and a happy hour mango margarita with Crab Rangoon Won Tons to start. The drinks came out SO fast. I felt so fancy with my Rose Margarita the way it was served, and the taste was SPECTACULAR! Major kudos to the bartender that night. The won tons were a major flavor explosion in your mouth and I highly recommend them as a starter. For dinner, we ordered their Pad Thai w/Steak, and Pad See You w/ chicken...pure perfection. Just an FYI, I am a MAJOR Thai food junkie. I have only a select few places I will try Thai food and I just added top thai to my list! We are originally from Southern Cali, however we frequent NY a couple times a year. I will definitely be bringing my family and friends back here for dinner! Thank you TOP THAI for the superb dining experience.
#REVIEW#After many rave reviews, I decided to try out Top Thai restaurant located in Greenwich. Although the space was small, it gave us comfy Thailand feel and the staff was very welcoming and respectful! We started off with coconut virgin mojitos and the coco loco which were very refreshing and perfect for today's weather. For appetizers, we decided to get curry puffs which reminded us of samosas and the dumpling combo. The dumplings were made to perfection! The taste had me wishing I was in Thailand. Next we had the pineapple chicken fried rice and chicken pad thai. The chicken fried rice was decadent and the spices in the pad thai were perfect. Last came the skirt steak with jaew sauce which was cooked to perfection! Medium well but juicy and tender! Overall the presentation was beautiful and well put together and the service was fast and amazing. Prices are affordable and the portion sizes are big.Ambience- 10/10 ( Restaurant Quite Small)Service-10/10 Parking - Street Personal Recommendation 1) Dumplings Combo 2) Skirt
#REVIEW#I had a day off and went to Top Thai on a whim and was very pleasantly surprised. It is a small restaurant near Washington Square Park, so it is easy to miss amongst the restaurant density of the area, but it is definitely worth seeking out for great value and really good food.The lunch special at Top Thai is top notch.  It starts at $9.95 and increases to $14.95 depending on the protein you select for your main dish.  And that price includes a small appetizer, as well.  On top of that, you can get a delicious Thai Iced Tea for $1.00 with your lunch special.For appetizers, we ordered Kui Chai (which is like a scallion cake) and Steamed Veggie Dumplings.  The dumplings seemed very fresh compared to other Thai placed; they were almost fragile and were super delicious and light.  I did not know what to expect from the Kui Chai; I had never tried it before. It was really great, even better than the dumplings. Definitely get them.For our entrees, we ordered Pad Thai with tofu and Basil Udon with chicken.  I enjoyed the Pad Thai and thought it was tasty. It wasn't too different from any other Pad Thai you get elsewhere. My wife thought it a little too sweet, however.  The Basil Udon is a must get.  It was the best tasting Thai dish I have had at any Thai restaurant in New York.  It has the perfect amount of spiciness and the noodles were really well cooked. And it comes with plenty of ingredients.  The sauce can get a little salty after eating the entire dish, so be prepared to be thirsty after. The taste was definitely worth it.Definitely check out Top Thai when near Washington Square Park.  The food is really good, as is the price.  I am unsure how dinner is there, but I look forward to finding out!
#REVIEW#I came here for lunch and their lunch special is a good deal. You get an appetizer, one main and 1 or 2 dollar drink. I got Kui Chai (Chives cake) and Tofu pad thai. I liked both of them but I wish the pad thai were less sweet. My husband got Basil Udon which was really good. However, it was really salty and we had to drink a lot of water after. Of course, we didn't forget our one dollar Thai Iced Tea! It was good! If you pay with cash, you get 10% off. We didn't have cash and we just paid the full price. But their food is reasonably priced so it wasn't bad. I might come back and hopefully they put less salt and sugar next time!!
#REVIEW#I was looking for a last minute reservation in the neighborhood for a Friday night for 7 adults and a baby, when our resso somewhere nearby didn't work out. I called the same morning, and they were able to accommodate for 5:30. They even called me about an hour beforehand to confirm and we asked to push it to 6, and they said it was fine but that our entire party had to be there in order to be seated and that they'd only hold the table for 5 minutes. The restaurant is a little bit cramped and definitely not a good atmosphere for a 10-month old because it's noisy. Plus, we were sat at the high tables but the high chair they provided was regular table height, so we couldn't even put the baby down. That being said, if you come with no babies and a small group, I think you'd be perfectly fine.To start, we got the appetizer platter, where you can pick three apps for $22. We went with the calamari, chicken spring rolls, and shrimp dumplings. The calamari was good, but the chicken spring rolls were my favorite. Skip the shrimp dumplings. One of the apps came with some kind of spicy cilantro mayo (?), which I absolutely loved. So much so that I dipped some of the noodles from my entree in it. For my entree, I had the pad see ew with chicken. I kind of like their ordering system. Basically, all of their entrees are priced the same, depending on the protein you pick. So if you pick a tofu pad Thai, it will cost less than a shrimp pad Thai. But if you pick a shrimp pad Thai or a shrimp curry, they'll be the same price. The noodles were good - not the best I've ever had but still great. I saw that they gave Khao Soi on the menu, which I don't see often. The spicy lemongrass fried rice sounded good too. That's one of the things I appreciated about this place. This have the crowd-pleasers, but they also have some not so common dishes if you feel like spicing it up (literally). Tip - don't forget to ask for the hot sauce. It comes in a trio - Thai sriracha, Thai sweet chili, and Thai chili powder.
#REVIEW#After spending a month in Southeast Asia, Top Thai Greenwich captures for a few hours the essence of what it felt like when I was in Bangkok, Thailand. I was here with a group of friends for dinner. We ordered an app and entree, but we share the food with each other. We had the BBQ chicken, chicken wings, spring rolls and skirt steak (medium rare). The food came out pretty quickly. All of the food was moist- in particular the chicken wing. That deserve a plus as I often encounter food that are dry as it is overcooked. As usual Thai food fashion, the food was colorful. The sauces were very flavorful. During the entrees, we were asked how spicy. I opted for medium. In hindsight, I should of selected spicy. The staff encouraged me to go spicier. They were right. My memory of Thai food in Thailand was that the flavor and spices were dynamic and bold.  Top Thai Greenwich is a popular location and definitely deserve the large crowd and high ratings. I would go back to the restaurant when I am in the area.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner recently with friends, and I always have my reservations regarding Thai since it could be a really great experience or a really bad one depending where you end up going, luckily this place was really superb! This little hole in the wall really did an amazing job from the amazing good food to the quick service.We had a bit of everything you'd have when you come for Thai food, the seating is a bit tight but its not bad once your already seated, and the service was attentive and all came out smoothly.I would recommend making a RSVP since they are small and popular spot, but otherwise highly recommend coming here!
#REVIEW#Came on a Friday evening with a friend. This place only takes reservations for parties of 5 and up. You also have to reserve 24 hours in advance. It's a very loud, small, and busy place in the West Village. Because the place only has a couple of tables it's not ideal for groups. At most I think it could fit 20 people max. When I went there was about a 10 minute wait for a table, but they're great at managing the crowd. Our server kept checking in to let me know how long the wait for the table would be. Food-wise we ordered the fried calamari, green curry, and pad Thai. It was happy hour so I got a mango mojito. My party got a Thai iced tea. FYI if you check in on yelp, it's only $1 for Thai iced tea. Nothing we ordered really stood out. They were pretty average but we enjoyed the food regardless. I could have gone without the mojito though. There was no mango taste at all. Regarding service, the servers were attentive, constantly checking in. However, I wouldn't frequent this place because it's just too small and loud. I sat by the door and kept getting elbowed by servers moving around. We paid $53 total including tip. Not bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
