#NAME#Carroll Place
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/carroll-place-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,venues,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Fabulous brunch place! I had always seen and heard great things and finally made my way here for a boozy brunch with a group of friends in town for the weekend. Because we were a large group, we could only grab a 3:30 res, but it worked out surprisingly well. We were given the family style option in which we could pre-pick our entrées and apps, and split everything. We ended up ordering the arugula salad, Arancini, Rucola pizza, scrambled eggs, and the Nutella crepe. Everything came out at perfect times, and our drinks were constantly refilled. While I only ate the eggs and salad, everything was delicious and I heard great things about the other items! The service was great, and the atmosphere of the restaurant was perfectly lively! Can't wait to come back!
#REVIEW#Neat place! We came in with a large group of 15 and they sat on on the stage for brunch this weekend. Mimosas were generously being refilled the entire time. Pizza & french toast were bomb! They even brought out these yummy nutella filled calzones for us!$46/pp after tax & tip was not a bad deal. Music could have been more upbeat, extremely friendly staff & clean bathrooms.
#REVIEW#4 of us came here for a bottomless brunch with reservations. We sat upstairs which was a little cramped (we were very close to the table behind us, almost bumping chairs). On the plus side we were really close to the bathroom, which was nice considering how much mimosa we drank.The bottomless was great, they gave us both a mimosa and rose sangria jug so we could switch it up. They always replaced the jugs before they were empty, so no skimping there. Both drinks were great - I was expecting the sangria to be too sweet for me but it wasn't!To eat I had the tartufo pizza. It was one of the best brunch dishes I've ever gotten. The pizza crust itself was cooked perfectly, nice and crisp. The truffle oil was so good without being overpowering. It was nice and salty too (but not grossly so). I added 2 eggs over easy to my pizza - a good addition but I will say the runny yolks did make the pizza a bit soggy after a while. It's a decent sized pizza, I was starving and finished most of it by myself. The bottomless drinks and entree for $27 is so reasonable, you really can't beat that!!After our bottomless time was up, we had already finished eating and paid, but we were finishing up our last glasses of drinks. A man (not our waiter) came over to us and explained since our time was up we had to get up from the table and go downstairs to the bar area. He was nice about it and we were able to bring our drinks down there but it was kind of weird. I have never been to a bottomless brunch that did that before. I understand that they stop serving the bottomless drinks after the time limit but I didn't realize we were going to get kicked out of our table. It would've been nice to sit and finish our drinks at the table, especially since it was really crowded downstairs. It didn't ruin our experience though and I would definitely go back.
#REVIEW#I absolutely love the brunch deal at Carroll Place, 2 hours unlimited brunch drinks (bloody mary, mimosa and sangria) with any brunch entrée for $27. It's hard to beat that! We had reservations for a late Saturday brunch, when we entered the restaurant, the place was buzzing. It was packed with people and they had a DJ playing in the back. The service was really great. The food came out quickly and the drinks kept coming throughout the brunch. For food we tried the Pizza and the Penne piselli. Nothing about the food really stood out to me but it was kind of what you can expect from a boozy bunch meal. The pizza was decent and the pasta was good and creamy. I liked the rose sangria, but the drinks were a little watered down. Overall, we had a fun brunch and we enjoyed the food and drinks. This is a great brunch spot to bring a group of friends!
#REVIEW#This is my favorite restaurant in NYC. I truly love this place. Every time I came here, I've never been disappointed. Their food is always superb and the portion is generous. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is lovely and nice. The service is a big plus. The staff are always friendly and give excellent service. They have the best happy hour ever! You can get 1/2 off beer, well spirits and select wine. Also, pizza is half off! You can get $ 1 meatball and $ 3 sliders. Great deals!! For the menu, I recommend Arancini and Wood fired rosemary wings for appetizers. Truffle fries are good for side dish. Rucola pizza is great. Pappardelle is their specialty and highly recommended. I had their Grilled Salmon and it was delicious. Recently, I have been here for Valentine's day and they had Valentine special menu. Everything we ordered was really tasty. Whatever you order, you won't be disappointed.Also, I had my wedding reception here and I can't say enough how perfect it was. They were helpful and accommodating for our big day. Special thanks to Courtney. She is friendly and professional. I always feel grateful to find this place for my wedding. I don't know how many times I have been here. I just keep coming back here because I do love this place. This is definitely my favorite spot and I hope their business lasts forever!!
#REVIEW#Great brunch spot. They do a 2 hour unlimited brunch for $27 with your entree. The unlimited brunch ends at 4pm. Came here on Sunday without a reservation and they said we might be able to get seated if we could be there soon. We were seated upstairs upon arrival and told them we wanted to take place in brunch even though we arrived at 2:45 and would not get our full 2 hours. Soft lighting with loud music, the place was packed and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Let me tell you... our waiter was AMAZING. My friend and I were discussing what we wanted to drink and before even asking us the waitress brought out pitchers of sangria and mimosas. We ordered the eggs Benedict and brunch pizza ($4 extra but worth it). Both of our meals were delish. Every time the drink pitchers got low the waitress came around and replaced them. Loved the service, food, and overall experience. Will definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Came for bottomless brunch on a Sunday with reservations. The place was packed, younger crowd but not super young which is nice. There's two floors with bathrooms in the basement, so it's bigger than it looks. But the decor and ambiance is chill and cool.The food was really good, and they have a vegan menu, I just mentioned it and it was no problem. My boyfriend and I chose mimosas, and they really kept up with the bottomless deal. The service was great and I don't think we ever asked or had to flag anyone down for more mimosas which was reallly impressive. Would def return & recommend. Worth the $
#REVIEW#I've been to Carroll Place many times but usually for a private event. I work nearby and we often book their upstairs lounge or back room for happy hours and socials. The staff is always so accommodating and I love the eclectic decor! The interior is dimly lit with liquor bottles adorning the walls. They also have long velvet drapes and outdoorsy accents. You would think the decor would clash, but it totally works. I finally had a chance to stop by for dinner, and I highly recommend this place for date night. My husband and I received a gift certificate for a 3 course meal each. We ordered the meatballs, chicken soup, bolognese, roast chicken, chocolate cake, and bread pudding a la mode. The appetizers and dessert were good, but the entrees were amazing. The bolognese was perfectly al dente  and the chicken was tender. Our server checked up on us often and helped us make our selections.
#REVIEW#I tried their Tartufo Pizza finally. It's a white pizza with mushrooms and truffle flavor and speck. Really delicious! And half price at happy hour is something you can't beat!
#REVIEW#$27 for 2 hours of bottomless brunch + and entree?!Definitely well worth the money!First off, to make your life easier you're gonna want to RSVP in advance. The place is PACKED and gets booked easily so don't expect to walk in for brunch during those times without a reservation. I believe a credit car is needed to be out on file because if you don't show they actually charge you (from what my friend told me).The venue itself is nice and once we got seated it was comfortable but my only complaint about the place is that since I was by the door it was very chilly - but the bottomless drinks helped warm me up :-)Now onto the food - if you like pizza and just brunch food in general - you're gonna love the Buon Giorno Pizza, which had truffle cream, fresh mozzarella, speck, mushrooms & sunny side up eggs. Delicious! Perfect complement to the multiple mimosas and sangria I had. I think my favorite food overall was the truffle fries - I was really surprised at how amazingly it was cooked and wished it came as an option as "endless" fries.Good selection of entrees for an affordable price for 2 hours of bottomless brunch - make a reservation and you'll have a great time spending that money there!
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch on a Sunday! They have a great deal for 27$ and I would say that it was my money's worth. You get bottomless mimosas for 2hrs along with a brunch entree. I got the Rucola wood fired pizza! The pizza was very good and the ingredients were fresh which makes a big difference to any pizza! My husband got the French toast which was good as well. Got the truffle fries on the side which were decent. This place has a good vibe and love the decor. I will def come back to try their food menu.
#REVIEW#Was in the mood for unlimited mimosas with a friend and a decently priced entree. We could sit immediately at the bar in the middle of the day on Saturday without a res. There were many large groups and would definitely recommend a res for groups over 3 - 4. We both ordered the Brussels pizza and both ate the entire thing. So good. Unlimited mimosas were generous. Did not need the two hours they give you. Would definitely return!
#REVIEW#We came here for a girls Sunday brunch. We had 4 people and was seated very quickly (pro-tip: reservation is key. They are very busy on weekends). There are a few rooms inside (different noise level and vibe). There's the outer bar area and inside area which is a bit darker. The inside area had a live DJ spinning top 40 music. There is a stage area by the DJ which you can book out for parties. The service was very good. Food came very quickly. The pappardelle was cooked to perfection. It was the perfect amount of sauce and the pasta was very well cooked. It was the perfect dish with all the bottomless drinks! They didn't try to rush us out after our time limit, but instead the moved us to the bar area and gave us a free round of shots as apologies for rushing us out. Overall, amazing experience. Come here for brunch if you want a good time, good music and lots of booze!!
#REVIEW#The upstairs area has the cutest ambiance and so different from the downstairs are. The fact that you can have an Italian bottomless brunch is Amazing despite the food being a bit basic.
#REVIEW#Came here for brunch a couple weeks ago with my girlfriends. The food was really good - I got the truffle and mushroom pizza and it was delish. We did the bottomless with the rose sangria and that was also really good. However, service was pretty lackluster. We had to keep chasing down the waiter and after 60 minutes he disappeared altogether, so we basically lost 1/3 of our bottomless special. He was not apologetic and tried to brush us off, which I found really rude. This spot isn't good enough to put up with a rude staff.
#REVIEW#I've been here twice and would always be willing to recommend this place for brunch in the city. Two hours of unlimited brunch drinks and an entree only comes up to be about $27! That's a steal, especially in Manhattan. Make sure to have reservations because it can get busy on a weekend. From the brunch menu I had the mushroom omelette from my previous visit. On my most recent one, I had the baked truffle eggs and my boyfriend had the Buon Giorno pizza. We had a side of truffle fries and that was delicious as well. Aside from the food, the ambiance is great. I love the music selection and it's cozy. The next time you're on Bleecker Street you should stop by!
#REVIEW#If you like bottomless Bloody Mary's for 2 hours, this is the place to go. Make sure you have a reservation! I've been here a couple times with different groups. One time even though my group had a reservation, they still didn't seat us until 30 minutes after our reservation time. Just be prepared. It's New York. It's a busy spot. There will be delays and that's just the nature of the place. The place has a great feel. Since the windows were tinted it felt like it was later in the day that it really was - possibly to justify day drinking. Food was well priced for NY. I didn't feel like I was paying an arm and leg like most brunch places in the city. They have great vegetarian options too! If you're in the city, this is definitely a spot to hit up for sure!
#REVIEW#A great place for weekend brunch.We got here when it opened at 11am and got the bottomless brunch. We ordered a pizza and French toast for entrees.The wood fire grilled pizza was perfect and the French today was very good as well.The mimosas are great and the service is very attentive to our needs. We had a great time here and would come back again another time.
#REVIEW#Okayyyyy. Okay. Wow. This place is pretty flipping beautiful. Dark wood everything, dimly lit but not to the point where it is annoying and you feel like your mom who uses her phone's flashlight to see the menu. Just a really warm, cozy space. The downstairs is more of a bar and upstairs is perfectly quiet and great for dinning. Oh boy, but the food.We started with lots and lots of wine, a charcuterie board with two meats and two cheeses, and a Rucola pizza as plates to share. This actually worked out to be a great amount of food for starters, not too much. And everything was perfecto all around. The Rucola pizza was incredible and something I'd come back for as my entree. But I just love arugula on anything and everything. My entree was the lamb burger. Holy moly. Juicy and flavorful and perfectly done. The feta slice gave it a saltiness that was just great. We didn't get dessert but instead just another round of drinks. After a few glasses of Malbec (hey, it was a Friday) I switched it up and got the specialty cocktail. I can't remember the name of it and it isn't on their main menu but it was some sort of espresso infused drink. I really loved it! But everyone else at the table gave it a try and decided it wasn't for them. It came warm (not cold or hot, but warm) and was definitely really different and just didn't sit well with anyone but it was my drink so give it back and stop saying bad things about it...  I love ending the night with a cappuccino or espresso so this was a great way of keeping that tradition alive while stilling letting the good times roll. I am 100% going to be coming back here and crossing my fingers that their espresso cocktail is still something I can get and this time I won't let anyone take a sip.
#REVIEW#Came here with a few girlfriends for a Thursday happy hour.  Ordered a vodka soda and a glass of red wine for $9, which really isn't bad at all in NYC. The bar was packed (it was around 6:50) and it was pretty tough to order a drink. After ordering and having my first sip, I will say that the vodka soda was ridiculously watered down, and was one of those drinks where you ask yourself if there's even any alcohol in there. We had also ordered a salad with salmon on the top. The salad was very fresh and the salmon was cooked well. I would come back again for the happy hour and the food, I would just stick to ordering wine vs a watered down vodka soda.
