#NAME#Lombardi's Pizza
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lombardis-pizza-new-york-4?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#My one regret was that I had but one pizza I was able to eat. I was dying to try the famous clam pie, but alas, I was by myself and it doesn't come in the smaller size (less than 16 inches). Every bite was a celebration of fresh ingredients and the magic of NYC water. This is what a pizza should be. I can't wait to return on subsequent trips.
#REVIEW#We couldn't have been any luckier with our timing! It seems as if we beat the dinner rush! We definitely wanted to try Lombardi's before we left New York City and I'm so thankful we did because it was so delicious. The service was fantastic. They are well known for their Margherita pizza. The sauce is EVERYTHING. You can even purchase their sauce! We love pizza and beer. So we also paired our pizza with a nice cold glass of Peroni. DELICIOUS. I really enjoy the flatbread type crust and can still be able to put away more pizza!The ambiance is very nice and casual. There were larger groups with families. I also noticed locals still enjoy a touristy establishment! They also sell shirts and souvenirs here too. I would definitely love to come back to Lombardi's and try some of their other great pizzas.
#REVIEW#Lombardi's is the home of pizza and everyone who loves pizza should certainly make a stop by this traditional pizzeria.Lombardi's makes traditional pies at a reasonable price and was the first pizzeria in America. I've been here a few times with my pizza loving friends and have always had great service and good food.They make their pizzas traditionally- with San Marzano tomatoes and few toppings- but every bite is delicious. It feels like this is what REAL pizza is supposed to taste like.The only negative is they are cash only. They have an ATM on site but it is rather annoying to have to go catch cash before a meal.
#REVIEW#When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's amore. Well maybe Dean Martin loved Lombardi's but I was disappointed with my first time experience.As a native New Yorker, I've always heard people brag about it. I had kept it on my bucket list since I love pizza and wanted to experience it for myself. Well, tonight I had the opportunity to do so.The pizzeria sits on the corner of Spring Street and once you step inside, it is quaint and nostalgic with red and white checker plastic tablecloths and a rustic atmosphere. Space was wrapped around into two rooms with a good number of tables. We just walked right in and were seated immediately.Service was good. Appetizers were available but since we were eager to try the pizza, we jumped straight to it. In total, there might have been six varieties of pizza,  but we selected the classic margarita.Red wine accompanied our meal and it was pretty good.The pizza was large (we were told enough for 2) with 8 slices in total. There was also the option of a personal size. Minutes later, pizza arrived. Looked good and smelled fragrant but overall it fell short of my expectations.For one thing, it was super thin and crunchy (meaning not much bend to the pizza at all). The sauce and cheese were both a very thin (kind of dry) layer. No olive oil taste or evidence of it in sight.In addition, the pizza wasn't piping hot when served as I like it.  By the time I got to the 2nd or 3rd slice, it was room temperature (and harder to bite into).Finally, it might have been a large pizza but it was so thin with the topping of cheese and sauce being skimpy that I still felt hungry after eating the 4 slices.Overall, I consider my dining experience as "been there, done that". A let down.BTW, cash only.
#REVIEW#Since 1905 Lombardi Pizza has been serving coal oven thin crust pizza. They are also known as the founders of what is known today as New York style American Pizza. I love older established restaurants and this is one I definitely love! I came here to meet with a friend and we had the Old School Margarita Pizza. It was a simple pizza but the taste was so spot-on what Old School pizza should taste like. The crust was thin, a bit crunchy and a bit chewy. The simple toppings of tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese were fresh and perfect! I have always loved thin crust pizza only because I do not care for the crust. This was the perfect pizza for me! This is definitely place I would love to return to and try out their different toppings. So delicious!!
#REVIEW#Came here cause it's iconic and no one in my party had been before. Service was quick, and even though we had to wait to be seated, there were some empty benches outside and the wait was fairly quick. The pizzas came out fast and were nice and hot, but they weren't anything amazing. Good pizzas, just nothing I'd rave about and tell someone they had to come here for. Cash only establishment, so make sure you know that before you arrive.
#REVIEW#It was actually better than I had expected given the fact that it's a touristy restaurant. We waited less than 10 minutes to get seated. We ordered two pizzas, one margherita and a mushroom/pepperoni pizza. The two pizzas were more than enough for all five of us. I don't understand the concept of a cash only restaurant especially in 2019 other than for shielding earnings from taxes. Also, the ac unit above the door needs to be replaced. We sat right by the door and every time the door opened the ac unit went off and it sounded like an old and broken Vegas slot machine.
#REVIEW#A truly spectacular example of a true thin crust NYC pizza. Famed to be the first coal oven pizza restaurant in NYC in the 1900s, their pizza making expertise has not depreciated over the ages and the dining experience was equally as pleasant. On a sunny weekday afternoon, our party of 4 was seated almost immediately (they have a small first floor dining area as well as more basement seating), offered drinks and the menu by the efficient and friendly waitress. We decided to stick with the old school classic and ordered a large pie of Margherita and cheese pizza to share among the 4 of us, which turned out to be the perfect portion for lunch! For a freshly made pizza, it came within a very reasonable amount of time, around 10 minutes, and it passed the flip test with flying colors (if you hold a fresh pizza slice, it keeps its straight and crisp shape). Each bite into the crunchy hot slice was the perfect mixture of fresh Margherita sauce, specks of basil flavor and creamy rounds of Mozzarella cheese all on top of a crispy crust that was thin but also chewy. Usually the crust at the end of a slice does not enthuse me but I gobbled up every piece of chewy and salted crust with fervor!Hands down the best pizza pie I've ever had in NYC and it would have been such a shame if I were to leave New York without dining at this landmark restaurant. Highly recommend for any food lover out there that want a taste of new york history or simply a delicious and affordable pie!
#REVIEW#Lombardi's is a bit overrated. With that said, set your expectations right and it will be enjoyable.Having seen lines out the door in the past, we immediately got a table on a rainy Friday night.Interested in beer at first, those dreams were squashed by a list of domestics. A bottle of Chianti for $36 did the trick.The Cake Boss pizza looked the most inspiring on the menu. Unfortunately, you can't have prosciutto and eggplant, so we went with prosciutto. There's also only one size, so we went with the large.The pizza may have had a little touch much arugula, and lost the effect when cut. When picked up, the meat, cheese, veggies and sauce coagulated perfectly and gave the most desirable result. The crust game was on point. I felt we may have overspent for a pizza and bottle of wine, but it was nice to have the table service and the cute, pizzeria atmosphere. It wasn't a life changing pizza experience, but I did enjoy myself.
#REVIEW#We stopped in here after going on the St. Patrick's Cathedral Catacomb tour (GO. DO. THIS!), so we could say we ate in Little Italy.  And we did.  We ordered the Bruschetta appetizer, a House Salad, and a small White Pizza, to share amongst 3 of us.  While waiting for our food, the Sangria and cider (Magner's!) were both very good.  The waitress was worried that we might be disappointed in the amount of food, for 3 of us.  But once we let her know we weren't there to really fill up, she was good to go.  We enjoyed every bit of that food, and didn't leave stuffed, but with VERY happy moufs!
#REVIEW#A place where if you're a tourist it's on your "must eat" list when you visit nyc and if you're a local it's prob on your "eat once just to say you've tried it" list. Came here on a Saturday night to meet up with a friend that was in town. If she didn't choose the location I don't know if I would have ever gone. Cash only. There's an ATM inside. Got there around 6:30pm and the wait for a table for 5 was 30-40minutes. We probably got seated in about 20-25 minutes. Not too bad for a place that was packed and a lot of people waiting. We got the clam pizza (large-8 slices) and the margherita (small-6 slices). I think it was definitely enough for the 5 of us (but we were also saving room for dessert and I had a beer). Both pies came out super quick. The clam pizza was delicious! Super strong garlic smell but the taste itself wasn't overpowering with it. Which is good. And the added fresh lemon juice squeeze makes the pie that much better. The margherita pizza was also good as well. Pretty standard. But I prefer the clam better. I personally like the crust. So thin and crispy! Mmm. Major downside. The price. For one large, one small and a beer, the total (with tip) came out to be around $75. The pizza itself is delicious but I think there are a lot of other places in NY where you can get delicious pizza for a lot less of a value. But you're paying for the name, I guess. Service was good for a busy place. Our server made sure our waters were always full and that we were doing fine. Will I come here again? Only if an out-of-towner wants to go.
#REVIEW#Wow such an honor to eat at the first pizza place in America!! You can feel the old school pizza join vibe - it's definitely a real treat!I got the large Margherita pie to split with one other person and it was perfect. The bread was FANTASTIC. Cannot emphasize that enough however the sauce was pretty bland. I recommend that they add some spicing or something to it.So not the best pizza I've ever had but definitely worth visiting!!
#REVIEW#I'm usually not a fan of pizza at all, but I had to make an exception when I heard Lombardi's is America's first pizzeria. We ordered the white pizza (full of cheesy goodness) and the clam pie where we were given a generous amount (3 dozens worth) of chopped clam. Both pizzas were super thin and crispy, exactly how I envision the perfect pizza to taste like because thick, chewy pizzas are the worst. :) This was legitimately one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.The restaurant has a dining area in the front and back as well as a dining area in the basement. I was not a fan of the dining area in the basement since it was in too close proximity to the washrooms and my table was pretty much directly in front of the washroom. I understand not much can be done since this pizzeria is so popular and the extra seating in the basement is to alleviate long wait times. We did not have to wait more than 15 minutes for a table even though it was prime lunch hour. Hopefully I can be seated in the main dining area on my next visit.  Prices are a little overpriced for pizza and the restaurant can be a little touristy. But I still love the quality of the pizzas here.
#REVIEW#When I came to New York for the first time last week, I was set on being able to try Lombardi's Pizza. After all that I had read on the history of this restaurant, I knew I had to get some pizza. I came in with a group of three and one of the people had a dairy allergy. I know that obviously that's a difficult allergy to have in a pizza restaurant, but I figured that there would be at least a couple different items they could order regardless. I was wrong. FOOD: Aside from a few salads and some small appetizers, there was nothing else on the menu besides the pizza. Don't get me wrong, I'm game for some pizza, but we needed something for our person with an allergy.SERVICE: I then asked our server if there was any possible way that we could order one of the full pizzas, and just not put cheese on half of it. He went back and forth with me on trying to say that the pizzas are the way that they are and ultimately it was frustrating. I tried and tried to explain it, and for some odd reason he just didn't understand. This was the last conversation that we had before I ended up asking for the check for our drinks so that we could leave and go somewhere else. I also was disappointed to see that 90% of the people working at this restaurant weren't even Italian. This doesn't seem like a big deal, but for relying on authenticity, it sure doesn't sit right with me. OVERALL: I spent about 25 minutes inside Lombardi's before we left unsatisfied and disappointed. I was extremely excited to try this restaurant, but I will not be returning.
#REVIEW#Why are you reading this? When I am in NYC this is the ONE place I HAVE to do to. It is absolutely amazing. Best Pizza on the East Coast let alone NY.GO EAT THIS AMAZING FOOD! Extra positives - staff always very nice, food consistent over the last 5-6 years I've been here and probably all the way back to when it started.This place is perfect. Get your pizza and your paper plates and find yourself in heaven.
#REVIEW#Obvi came here because hello it's "Lombardi's" pretty cool experience. Interior was awesome, there was a little wait time and when we were seated it was upstairs. Not as comfortable as I would like but I wasn't sure about the whole vibe if it was suppose to be like that or not. I'm not a New Yorker lolPizza was good, not something I thought was extraordinary but I'm glad I came to visit and try
#REVIEW#Came on a Friday night around 7pm for dinner and was seated quickly. The restaurant is bigger than it looks on the outside but majority of the place was empty. This should have been a red flag since I would expect an establishment with over 5k reviews to have some kind of wait.We ordered the clam pie and half a white/margarita pie. The food looked appealing but tasted incredibly DRY. The margarita pie wasn't saucy enough and the clam pie tasted so dry that with each bite I needed to squeeze some lemon over it. At one point I just picked off all the clams and left the crust. The food was overpriced for the quality of the pizzas. Big disappointment considering all the glowing reviews for this place.Bottom line, super overrated. There are better places in NYC for pizza.
#REVIEW#Wow.   Thought the first pizzeria in America was with trying.   After tasting the horrible crust, I enquired what flour they used and after giving me the run around for 15 minutes, they told me it was bleached flour. Bad customer service.  Rude people, the whole lot.  Would avoid. Three of us went to try it out, ate one slice each... didn't want to be rude... packed the rest to not be rude.  Threw it in the trash as we exited cause the homeless guy outside didn't want it either.  Wow!!
#REVIEW#My suggestion is to arrive early. People LOVE a great pizza and that is exactly what you'll receive at America's First Pizzeria. I decided to live my best life and order their Original Margarita but added meatball to mine and let me tell you, that was the best decision that I could had made. The first bite had me sold. Their fresh mozz is what drives us crazy and when I say us, it was easy to see around the room that happiness was the going feeling for everyone looked to be enjoying their pizza as well. You get the fresh mozz pull and the sauce was definitely homegrown! I had plenty of meatball action on my slice, enough to make an ACTION MOVIE drool over this one and say, "Well DAYUM, that pizza slice has it going on and everything to keep the people wrapped up and LOCKED IN!" The meatball had a tender bite to it and was well seasoned. Now me personally, I definitely enjoy a more crispier bite on the crust but I refuse to sit here and beat you all in the head over some crust for when the pizza is THIS GOOD, you just PUT SOME RESPECT ON IT!!
#REVIEW#Who goes to NYC without trying pizza?! We got the clam pizza and another one but I forgot the name. It was an overall great experience. The staff was friendly and gave us suggestions. The restaurant was huge! We walked a good bit to get to our table lol.
