#NAME#Ootoya Times Square
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/ootoya-times-square-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#i been here few times and i'll definitely come back for more! this restaurant is a non tipping restaurant. workers are friendly. food is delicious. tummy is happy. thank you ootoya! :)p. s. i forgot to take a photo of the eel- definitely order the eel. it was really delicious!!
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch on a Sunday and would recommend using yelp's waitlist option so that you do not have to wait in line for long! The interior is very clean and welcoming. I had the barachirashi set which came with which came with a bowl of assorted diced sashimi, tamago, egg, cucumber over sushi rice, cold soba noodles with dipping sauce and pickled daikons. They have a no tipping rule, so the set came out to be $25 with tax. Although I wished the sashimi did not come out diced (kaisen set is only offered at night), there was a good ratio of sashimi/mixed other things inside to rice. The sushi rice tasted really good itself too, you can taste the subtle rice vinegar. I really liked the cold soba noodles too! It tasted fresh and al dente. Would love to come back and try all their other things - it looked like many people ordered their grilled fish (maybe mackerel?). If you're craving authentic Japanese, I would recommend trying this place.
#REVIEW#I don't know how the restaurant manage the orders.  I was ignored and they said redo my order until I asked after 30minutes waiting. They said they made the mistake. I can't believe it's a four star restaurant on Yelp. Just feel terrible. I think probably this restaurant is a non-tipping restaurant. They don't really care about the customers.The food was ok. Nothing was impressed. Don't recommend to go. I won't go here any more.
#REVIEW#Quick summary: get the Rosu Katsu Ju! I wanted to find a place in time square that didn't have a long wait and actually had good reviews.  I found this place on Yelp and used the Yelp wait-list tool and arrived around 6:15. They started by bringing out hand towels, which were a nice touch because I can't remember the last time a restaurant did that. We started with the gyoza, 4 pieces, which were good.  They were crispy in the right places, but didn't blow me away. What did blow me away was the Rosu Katsu Ju, a breaded and deep fried silky pork loin cutlet and onion is simmered in dashi broth and later wrapped with layer of custard like egg. It was delicious, very flavorful and probably some of the best Katsu I've had. It wasn't a ton of food, so if you are with someone who eats a lot, I would suggest adding on some additional items.  For dessert they had a whole matcha dessert flight, which looked great but we opted out since I had already had 3 matcha food items that day. By the time we left, there were people sitting on the benches inside and people waiting outside in the rain to get in.
#REVIEW#Not much to change from the last couple of times I've been here - always a delight coming to Ootoya. We waited for ~45 minutes for a table (exactly what they told  us as an estimate), and got a cozy seat in the back. My two friends both ordered the miso curry katsu, while I got my standard spicy pork "shabu" bowl. All of our entrees came with rice, and their miso curry katsu came with some pickled daikon. Everything is always SO good! I tried some of the miso curry sauce and WOW I would be down to purchase a container of that sauce if I could!! Quality Japanese food for a super fair price (it came out to $40 total, each for (split) shared bottle of Mio (my fave sparkling sake!) and our entree. Highly recommend Ootoya, never a bad meal every time.
#REVIEW#The service was great and food were so sTasty as if your in Japan I presume they are using the Japanese rice too because it was really delicious .  Their  miso soup was such a decent taste . Service was super quick  although the  food was a bit pricy but the quality speaks for it. This place by the way is a non tipping  shop . So even if the  menu was pricy. But you get good quality meal and stress free thoughts of how much. You tip because it isn't necesssary.This is a first time visit for us but will definitely use. One back for more
#REVIEW#First of all, a non-tipping restaurant in the United States, especially in New York? That's got to be real hospitality because that's practically unheard of! While there were quite a few people waiting to get seated when my friend and I arrived, the host got us seated relatively quickly. Judging by how many people were there, I concluded that the food was really good. Ootoya had that authentic Japanese cuisine feel to it. Whereas I ordered the unagi over rice, my friend ordered the sukiyaki nabe. The unagi was super delicious and the sukiyaki nabe looked appetizing. Overall, the price might be a little high up there BUT the quality of food, food tasting authentic, and service was just truly terrific. You have got to go at least once!
#REVIEW#I love Ootoya! One of my favorite Japanese restaurants hands-down. Food is fresh and everything tastes bomb. I've had:Homemade tofu: you can tell it's made in-house and comes with bonito flakes; hit or miss depending on if you're a big tofu lover or notChawan mushi (egg custard): get this, you won't regret it. Words can't express how good this isKatsu toji (fried silky pork loin): there is a sort of eggy custard on top of the loin cutlet and the entire thing is sitting in a soy broth. So good, I'm salivating as I'm typing thisUni kaisen don set (limited seasonal dinner menu):  Salmon, ikura, scallop, blue fin tuna and uni on top of sushi rice. All I can say is this is everything sashimi should be. I debated ordering another one.Service is also friendly and attentive. Love love love.
#REVIEW#I have heard great things things about Ootoya and was glad to finally get to try it out while I was in the Times Square area. They use Yelp waitlist so I was able to put my name down online and by the time I arrived at the restaurant we only had to wait a couple of minutes before getting seated around 6:30pm. The restaurant was extremely full on a Tuesday night so make sure to utilize the waitlist or get here early. When we walked to our seats, the employees greeted us and we sat in front of the kitchen. We were running late for a class afterwards so I appreciated the quick and efficient service.I ordered the Chirashi Don which had chunks of raw fish and salmon row a top of a serving of warm rice. There was a generous portion of fish and it was extremely fresh. I added some soy sauce and it really brought together the flavors of the fish and rice. The tonkontsu and donburi dishes also looked and smelled delicious so I will definitely be back to try more!Overall, an amazing Japanese restaurant in Times Square with excellent service and even more delicious food. Definitely give this place a try and there also other 2 other locations in Manhattan so you can stop by wherever you are in the city.
#REVIEW#Good to have yelp online waitlist. I joined waitlist in advance, so there was no wait for me when I arrived! Food is really Japanese authentic! And they also keep the no tipping service! Katsu was thick and tasty! And upgrading rice option was a great idea! I love their multigrain rice!
#REVIEW#Ootoy is a really good Japanese restaurant in the time square area. I know good food and time square usually don't go together, but this place is an exception.I came here for lunch on a weekday and grabbed a seat at the bar, which is notably quite small but intimate. They have a good wine selection that makes for good pairing pending what dish you order. I started with the fried chicken app and then had the salmon with brown rice. The chicken was very good as it had good taste, however it was a little too doughy. The salmon was absolutely delicious as it had a slightly sweet taste in addition to being cooked perfectly.The restaurant itself is very nice and has a chill vibe. As mentioned, the bar is small, but if seats are open, I would definitely recommend grabbing a seat there for your meal. Either way, great restaraunt.
#REVIEW#If u hang out with friends around Bryant Park and want a good Japanese lunch, this is definitely the place to stop by. I usually go 5 mins before they open and there are always people waiting outside. So get ready for a wait about half to full hour if u go at peak lunch time.They have so many set options. I personally really like the fried chicken or fried pork, they come in a tasty broth. I also order handmade tofu every time. Recently I tried the gyoza, was also better than many other places.This place doesn't accept tip and the price is very reasonable in midtown NYC!
#REVIEW#Hands down, one of the best meals I've ever had!* Food: My family and I came here during lunch and we first ordered some hot tea. Our waitress recommended their toasted green tea. As a tea-lover, I was obsessed with what she recommended. It tasted amazing and went so smoothly down your throat. I ordered their mini oyako don with hot soba noodles. Delicious. The reason why I loved this meal is because it incorporates a lot of my favorite things: variety, noodles and eggs. I tried a little bit of what my family ordered and it tasted delicious as well.   * Cost vs. Worth: Their entrees varied but the ones we got were about $20 each. It might seem pricey at first but they have a no-tipping policy. So at the end, I think the meal was definitely worth the cost. Will I come here again? - Yes, I will force someone to come with me! The atmosphere was nice and the waitresses/waiters were very friendly.
#REVIEW#My girlfriend and I visited The Met before randomly discovering this wonderful spot! We were browsing through Reddit for food suggestions in Manhattan and Ootoya popped up. I love Japanese food so why not? I have to say, other Yelp reviewers were raving about their Kaisen Don and Katsu Toji so we were pretty set on ordering those two food items. While taking our orders, the waiter noticed my enthusiasm for sashimi so he recommended the seasonal special, Seasonal Kaisen Don. The Seasonal Kaisen Don contains uni, scallop, Toro and Salmon. He told me if I enjoy premium uni, I should give this a go. I was sold when he mentioned better uni and more salmon. I have to say I am very particular with my sashimi and boy... did they exceed my expectations. My girlfriend told me I looked high on sashimi and I was just in my own world when I slowly savor my dish. One of the best Toro I ever had.. it just melts in my mouth. The salmon, can't have enough of it. Uni was just yummmm...  Saddest part of the meal was it had to ultimately end. My girlfriend enjoyed her meal too and service was great! Wait was decent despite visiting this spot on a Sunday night. Would not hesitate to come here again when I visit New York!
#REVIEW#I came here as a group of 4 about 15 minutes before the place opened for dinner and there was already a line forming. So definitely get here early if you want to skip an hour long wait. My friend has always raved about the katsu toji (deep fried pork cutlet topped with egg and served in a soy sauce broth). It definitely did not disappoint.. the katsu was breaded perfectly and the broth was divine. I decided to make it a set and it came with a miso soup that tasted very authentic and a side of rice. I also ordered the chawan mushi (egg custard with plum on top) and that was so fluffy and delicious. I will definitely be back!!
#REVIEW#Love hitting authentic Japanese restaurants when in the big city and wanted to go somewhere casual with the family with a little something for everyone.  They have waitlist via Yelp so that's a plus. We get there around 6pm on a Saturday night and there is a 45-60 minute wait even though Yelp says 30 minutes.  We hang around Times Square and head back after 30 minutes.  We are seated shortly thereafter. We must try the Katsu Ju as that is one of our favorites. I splurge for the Kaisen Don. My 2 boys go with the Salmon Saiko Yaki  and the side Udon with chicken thigh yakitori. Everything is very good. Love the depth of flavor of the Katsu Ju...such a great Japanese comfort dish. The Kaisen Don is a bit on the pricey side at $40 for the set (included pickles & miso soup). The sashimi is fresh and They provide fresh wasabi but not alot of sashimi at that price point (i get it is NYC, though).  The yakitori was flavored well also and my older son polished off the Salmon. Another note- no tipping required here so that was a positive. Tipping included in the price of the food...If we lived in NYC I would be here quite often...
#REVIEW#Absolutely delicious spot in Times Square. They offer quick service in case you're running to see a show. The dishes are huge, and though the prices seem high, they include tax and tip. I had the miso tonkotsu, and it was wonderfully crispy yet tender. I love the egg on top, and the sauce didn't make the pork too soggy. The one thing I wasn't fond of was their miso soup. It's definitely fishier than most miso soup around, so don't go in expecting a commercial miso.
#REVIEW#We reunion a long time friend from West Coast to have dinner on Friday night. Since they take reservation, we got there at 5:30 PM and was told to finish our dinner by 7:30 PM. The food is delicious. We had sweet and sour chicken with grilled vegetable. We love the tender and juicy vegetable. Chicken was cooked perfectly. Beef hot-pot was nice with flavor but a bit salty even with rice on the side. The dessert sampler was tasty but not too sweet. The service was attentive even it is a non-tipping restaurant. We enjoyed the meal and would love to visit again.
#REVIEW#After a few delicious but salty meals around town, I became skeptical whether it's even possible to find yum AND healthy options. Well, then we chanced our luck at Ootoya.Out of their menu, you can find a lot of grilled fish and soup pot dishes, which can be opted for "a set" -- meaning, a combo with rice plus a few side veggie dishes. I got the Tonyu Nabe which is said to have soy milk in a tofu pot! My friend got a Japanese butterfish set. Both were delicious and I got to say, even though the butterfish looked boring at first, its taste is addictive! You would have to fight to put your chopsticks down once you start eating it. The Tonyu Nabe did end up to be a soul-soothing soup with many veggies inside. I couldn't taste the soy milk but it could just be me.Service was fast enough. A plus is that they are a non-tipping restaurant! First I have seen in the States so far.
#REVIEW#I walk pass by Ootoya everyday on my way home from work and there is usually a line so one day out of curiosity, I decided to go give it a go.I ordered the miso tonkatsu and it came in a tray with soup, this tofu thing, and rice. Presentation was simple and clean. Taste wise -- it was just okay in my opinion. I thought it was a little too fried for me. I think I will be back to try other things on their menu but probably won't order the miso tonkatsu next time.
