#NAME#Murray's Cheese Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/murrays-cheese-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,wine_bars,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite places in the city - I take all my friends and family here when they visit, because it is simply an amazing experience.I always order one of the cheese platters - and you can't go wrong. There isn't a "bad cheese". Additionally, I recommend doing the pairing with a cider or wine as they pick some really great wines and ciders here. I suggest going for a late lunch (1 or 2p) because this place fills up, but even if there's a wait - do it! It's such a fun experience to have with a group and if you love the cheeses you tried, they have a shop next door where you can buy them!! Easily the best lunch place in the Greenwich Village area!
#REVIEW#I ate here for a Birthday brunch on a Saturday with a party of 10. When we first walked in, they sat us at a table in the back that wasn't set for 10. We had to ask them to get more silverware and chairs just to fit the party our reservation was made for. After pursuing the menu, everyone ordered drinks and a few cheese plates to start. For an entree, I went with the Alpine Eggs, which is their version of Egg's Benedict. Overall, the food was underwhelming and the portions are small for the money. We enjoyed the cheese platters we ordered as a starter, but for $17 we expected more. Ambience is nice. It's not a huge place, but it has a fun, rustic feel to it. You can also choose to sit at the bar and grab your food there, which is a nice option to have. Service is the main reason for the low score. Since we were a party over 8, they automatically put 20% tip into the bill and it definitely showed. It really seemed like they could care less about how they treated our table, since they knew they didn't have to worry about the tip size. It took ages for them to take our order and then another 45 mins or so just to get our food. They also messed up a few orders. When we asked about some of the sides that had yet to arrive, the waiter got very snippy with us. It was overall a super unpleasant experience. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place for a larger party. Perhaps with a smaller crew, some of my qualms wouldn't have been as glaring, but my group was definitely unhappy with the experience.
#REVIEW#This establishment has a great deal of cheese and jam varieties from all over the world. It's like traveling the world without having to leave NYC for this special delicatessen! This location in NYC is located downtown and offers a small place to sit and taste your selection. They also have a "small pantry" section that has drinks and other food items to enjoy. This place is worth a visit when downtown in NYC.
#REVIEW#Most amazing meal I've had hands down! Wow the food here Is incredible. If you love cheese, you may never want to leave! I definitely left and purchased some of their honey which they also sell. You must order the meats and cheese charcuterie board! I ordered the Mac and cheese plain and it was so so so incredible! I can't wait to return. Make sure you wear loose pants :)
#REVIEW#Cute place in West Village with an amazing cheese selection and wins to pair to boot. Super casual, but whoa they focus on one thing (cheese, duh) and do it well.That's what I came for and I can't speak to the food, but it looked delicious. As I came for a work holiday gathering, a group of 6 easily shared and enjoyed the cheese tower with a couple bottles of wines. That was plenty! The cheesetower is cheeses and meats that seem endless and are chosen by the cheesemonger. Every cheese was delicious and unique, definitely come by and check out Murray's if cheese is a thing you indulge in like myself.
#REVIEW#The food was so so good. The only thing that's a negative about this great restaurant is the wine list is pricy and not great for a cheese store. We actually got mainly cooked items but I know Murray's has amazing plain cheeses. We just felt could go to the shop to get just cheese seeing how they used it was incredible. Top items were the artichokes and grilled cheese with soup
#REVIEW#Came here with a friend for brunch and overall had a good time. This is right next to Murray's Cheese Shop, and it is easy to get confused between the two, so be sure to check the address. Overall, this was a good brunch. They obviously have great cheese. I ordered the breakfast mac, but was a little underwhelmed. It was a little greasy, and I fundamentally have issues with mac n' cheese if it is just some random pasta. They did have a nice egg on top, which really added a lot to the dish. My friend got french toast and seemed to really liked it.The service was great and overall couldn't complain. I probably wouldn't come again, but it is worth a visit (and make sure to get the french toast!).
#REVIEW#Cute spot for a date night if you and your date love cheese. Ambiance is great here. Dinner here was delicious, but it was a little on the pricey side, especially the cheese and meat plates. I love good cheese and meat, but the prices were a little much. We started with the New Yorker cheese plate. I can't remember what the 3 cheeses were exactly, but I loved every single one of them. I really enjoyed the jalapeno jelly too - it's rather strong, but I love that little heat with the sweet. For dinner, we shared a plate of broccolini, wild mushroom risotto and bbq pork sliders. All of it was delicious. The only thing that makes me give this place 4 stars is that it's a bit pricey. I would come back here again - the food was amazing.
#REVIEW#Best Mac n cheese I ever had.The cheese tray was really good too. We had the chef's choice of four cheeses and one meat. The cheeses were all excellent and paired with yummy spreads: dried maple flakes, honey, jalapeño jelly.
#REVIEW#CHEESE CHEESE and CHEESE!  I love cheese.Sheek Cheese restaurant.  That's what this place is!Modern atmosphere, hip guys working behind the counter, nice menu with a lot to offer. My boyfriend said great beer selection for a cheese place!  Good pairing selections too.Buffalo cheese curds: a win!A cheese sampler- their choice: tasty!  Interesting sides like a pistachio like nutella?  Interesting and good.  I liked all the cheeses!Brussel sprouds: DRIZZLED IN A MAPLE SYRUP! plus cooked just about right too.  Try the brussel sprouts- your taste buds can send me a thank you later!
#REVIEW#I could eat these buffalo cheese curds everyday and be happy...with their delicious Pinot Noir. Why do I have to live in Michigan :-(
#REVIEW#Murray's cheese bar is a genius, GENIUS idea. It's taking amazing quality ingredients and cooking them for you. I was afraid quality ingredients, along with the Murrays brand, would mean over priced food. That's not the case!  The salads we ordered were fresh, not too cheesy and a good portion. However, the real stars are the fondue and Mac n cheese. Everyone who works here is very knowledgeable and seems cheese certified like the employees at the store. Go here. * great date or catch up spot for a small group. A group over five would be weird here from my pov.
#REVIEW#One of those - how the heck did I not come here before places in NYC.  Attentive staff.  Outstanding atmosphere.  Let the Cheesemonger make all the decisions.  Great place to sit at the bar, order a bottle of wine, and drift through multiple courses of meat and cheese.
#REVIEW#I need to go back to this place to try everything. We were pressed on time so we weren't able to enjoy the truffle Mac n cheese, regular Mac n cheese, or grilled cheese which are on my list of things to try. The cheese we had was delicious, wine was amazing. Especially delicious was this caramel spread they made from the cheese shop. This is a cute date night spot or girls night out. Can't wait to revisit.
#REVIEW#If you love cheese, go to Murray's Cheese Bar. It's a cheese shop that converted a nearby space into a cheese bar. It's in the West Village and maintains a healthy flow of patrons who love this spot. There are small tables throughout the space and bar seating making it a great date spot.They sell wine by the glass, sangria, cheese plates, and entrees. I ordered the Northeastern cheese plate and it came with three healthy servings of the best cheese I've ever had. Each cheese was paired with a garnish from blackberry jam to dehydrated maple syrup (so good!). A brown bag of small slices of bread comes with it and the server will give you more if you just ask.To eat, I ordered the BBQ pulled pork mac and cheese. Hands down the best mac and cheese I've ever had. The creamy cheese and the BBQ of the pulled pork were perfectly balanced never overpowering the other.To drink I had the sangria and it was good, but not life changing like the rest of the experience.
#REVIEW#Cute little place for cheese lovers. Overpriced, but you are paying in part for the experience/fame of Murray's. The restaurant is quite small, but very long. It makes all the tables very closely pushed together, so it was a bit hard to hear my friend and we ended up yelling at each other to be heard. The food was delicious! The beets to start came with lettuce and delicious blue cheese and all the flavors paired together so well. The mac and cheese was very rich, creamy, and buttery, but somehow, I didn't like it as much as I thought. It's a blend of four "secret Murray's cheese" and I don't know which one threw the flavor off for me. Would like to come back at happy hour to try some drinks, and I definitely want to try the grilled cheese and soup sometime, too.
#REVIEW#Their selection was so impressive.  I wanted to get a little piece of all of it.  They especially had some great, rare American artisan offerings from local creameries that were exciting to see.  Next time I want to try their cheese bar and mac and cheese spot as well.
#REVIEW#Loved this place! Came here before a late dinner for a cheese plate and some wine and it did not disappoint. It was really crowded (Wednesday night around 7pm) but fortunately, we were able to walk in and get seated at the last two seats available at the bar. I'd recommend a reservation assuming they take them. It's a little loud if you don't mind noise but the cheese was good and the bartenders were super friendly! Will definitely be back again to try more of the food menu.
#REVIEW#Typically one of my favorite places (was here last Tuesday as well) but tonight and last week I was turned off by the hygiene issues that need to be addressed. Both times I observed the same person preparing a cheese board without using any gloves or washing his hands. To make matters worse I observed him playing with his phone ( which are notorious germ carriers) just prior to preparing our cheese board. I personally was grossed out and didn't eat it. Sucks because it's usually a great spot with great service. I'm on the fence about going back or recommending now.
#REVIEW#I am a cheese lover and this place fits the bill!Great place to grab a few drinks and relax with a cheese sampler.  We asked for 6, told them our cheese preference and they came back with 6 great options for us to try.  Also don't forget to order the buffalo fried cheese curds.  After your cheese tasting you can head right over to store and purchase your favorites!
