#NAME#Tanoshi Sushi Sake Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/tanoshi-sushi-sake-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#sushi,japanese,seafood#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Best sushi place in New York so far for me. Omakase is somewhere around $100 with tax and tip and I will def make occassional visit to this place going forward. I pay much more attention to rice than fish/seafood for sushi and they do perfect job for it. But of course, that does not mean that their fish and seafoos are mediocre. Place itself could give you some old ambience as it seems little old and small. But chefs serve you sushi piece by piece while checking your pace and waitress also serves you tea and miso soup at perfect timing, so they overall really provide you 'good serving'. Unfortunately I still can't stop comparing sushi in New York against sushi in Tokyo and price here always shocks me. But I admit that it's just my problem.
#REVIEW#So I've been here about four times and this place has never disappointed. One of the qualms I have with some omakase sushi joints in the city is that it can feel very stuffy and unenjoyable. Not here.Great casual atmosphere but with high quality ingredients and sushi. The staff is nice and attentive as are the sushi chefs. Standout sushi pieces include the black throat sea perch (nodoguro) and their botan ebi. It's BYOB without a corkage fee so be sure to bring your favorite sake or beer. 10% off your bill if you pay in cash.I can't wait to come back again.
#REVIEW#Been here three times for omakase since I was first introduced to it here since last November. So so so so good. Fish is fresh and tasty, rice has perfect consistency. I've been to several different omakases around the city and this has been the one place my boyfriend and I keep going back. You can also decide to order different rolls for $12 a piece after the service is over. Tip: pay in cash for a 10% off your entire bill!
#REVIEW#Came here to celebrate a birthday (not mine). Tips: read the reviews and know the drill.A few people didn't do their homework and were quite embarrassed at the door. Here's are my two cents for first timers:Make your reservation online. Arrive 5 minutes before your reservation - basically be on time. You don't want to be there ones showed up late and the chef will have to get you going after everyone else started their journey down the yummy-lane. Don't need to be obnoxious - just wait outside - hostess will call your name when the *table* is ready. You don't need to go inside to let them know you are here. Because when you do that the rest of us will see you get *kicked out* and wait patiently with the rest of us. BYOB Eat sushi with your hand and in one bite - no chopsticks. Pay cash and get a 10% discount (limited time only)---- let's talk about my journey down the yummy lane ----There nothing cool about the decor of this place. In fact you can call it a hole in the wall. It is not a fancy decor that counts, however, the food will blow your mind. My love for Japanese food got me traveled all the way to japan a few times. I love love love the art of putting simple ingredients together and prepare them with respects and care. The three things that Tanoshi does to their sushi are:1 - loosely formed rice2 - room temp fish and body temp rice3 - fish marinated "Edo" styleThat is exactly how good sushi should be prepared. Without the above they aren't sushi in my book. Every piece of fish was FRESH and nicely prepared. Even for fish that I don't normally eat or like - I loved them here at Tanoshi. Here's the sushi in our omakase last night (not in order)1- fried fluke wrapped in shisho leaves as appetizer2- Big eye tuna - happy happy in the mouth3- Salmon trout - always love salmon4- Triple X - salmon roe + uni + quail egg = oh yeah baby 5- Scallop and fatty tuna - def want 2 more orders 6- Sea bream - sea bream was so yummy! 7- Sable - lightly torched and so delish.8- Amber jack - this is the one I don't like normally but it was so good that I wanted a second. 9- Tuna rolls 10- Spicy salmon handroll - spiciness came from yuzu muster - nom nom nom11- Red snapper with pickled seaweed - very delicate and very good12- And one Japanese white fish that I can't remember the name - it was lightly torched as well and paired with fresh ginger and micro green. Yum! 13- A cup of red miso soup was included before the final finale. They were all very very good. Additionally ordered Blue fin fatty tuna - melted in my mouth awesomeHoney marinated salmon roe. - oh yeah! AND Botan & Uni -- I want another 10 order good! The 1.5 hour journey felt too short and I wanted more but I was also very full! The birthday person also got a special *chirashi* bday surprise from the chef. It was a very nice gesture! We brought a bottle of sake for the occasion. We were provided with a buck of ice and sake cups. It was a very good experience overall. Quality ingredients and service beat any superficial things - such a million dollar renovation :)
#REVIEW#Totally blown away by the omakase here. You come here for the food, not the frills - it is super casual and BYO. 12ish seats at the counter, but pretty easy to get a reservation a week in advance.I have tried all the "best" omakases in NYC (Masa, Nakazawa, Yasuda, etc), and this has been my favorite. They are VERY generous with their portions of fish. Only complaint would be the rice is a little too soft, in that it almost falls apart in your hand when you pick up the sushi to put in your mouth - almost.It's hard to even name my favorites because everything was so delicious, but I ordered seconds of the sable and the spicy salmon hand roll. But if there had been enough room in my stomach I would have liked to try everything again. Even the uni with the salmon roe and quail egg piece was amazing (and I am not a fan of uni).This place is such a well-kept secret.
#REVIEW#Omakase from Japan!This was an amazing dining experience. So low key, not at all pretentious, Omakase experience. But patrons knew their stuff. Very well known for its flavor. Not very difficult to get a reservation. You can book through yelp. Also it's BYOB! Great to pair with a Sake! The food was definitely the highlight. SoMany unique handmade rolls. And a great price - $100ppYou are seated at a counter facing the chefs so you can watch them prepare your dishes. Each chef has their own spin off of the meal, most dishes are the same but some different. Expect to eat over 1hr. They bring around very unique sake cups for patrons to choose from. Overall highly recommend this establishment. Perks- unique handmade rolls, price is reasonable for the dining experience, low-key relaxed atmosphere, BYOB, 10% discount for cash only patrons.
#REVIEW#My man always said tanoshi's his favorite omakase in the city. We went last night for their 9pm slot. BYOB. It's a really small restaurant - narrow and only seats a dozen or so people. We were served around 12 or 13 courses. The chefs are attentive and refill your ginger as needed, and they explain what the fish is. There's a map in the restaurant that shows where they source their fish. Tanoshi is a no frills restaurant and serves fantastic fish. We did an omakase at Sasabune last weekend and tanoshi was miles better. The rice is well made - room temperature and well cooked. The fish is served room temperature and the chefs give you a large cut of fish. You can tell how fresh it is; they prepare it so well. What I like about tanoshi is that the pieces aren't over sauced, like sushi zo or other omakase spots. They highlight the quality of the fish and the rice. It's hard for me to choose a favorite. The scallop piece with roe on top was divine. As were all the tuna we had. We ordered a number of stuff on their additional items list - of the additional, I loved the botan shrimp with caviar and uni. What beautiful flavors that I won't forget for a while. I'll definitely be back.
#REVIEW#Great omakase places for the local. No frills but just great sushi, plus if you pay cash they give you a discount. Plus it is BYOB, I get to enjoy drink I know are good
#REVIEW#Some of the best Onakase Sushi in NYC!! Love it!! We have been there a few times and each time it is awesome.  Truly a gem here on the UES
#REVIEW#I came here on a recommendation  and left underwhelmed. My first impression when I entered the restaurant was a fishy smell which is not something I like at a sushi restaurant. Once we sat down I enjoyed the intimate setting and interaction with the chef. The sushi was good not great and not better than other omakase dinners I have had around the city. It was also more expensive than those other restaurants. When I left, I noticed their grade was pending... Trying this spot is not something I regret, but it won't be on my list of places I'll repeat.
#REVIEW#What can be said that already hasn't been said about this place? It's got all the hype it needs and then some with no short comings. For the price point of $100/pp, the quality is up there with the best of them. Love that it's BYOB which helps keep the bill down and makes for a reasonable meal. I'd say the most pleasant surprise for me was the portion size of each piece. They were some of the biggest pieces I've had for an omakase experience and you know what they say...size opens eyes O_O The service and the pace was excellent, leaving you in a zen state to only worry about appreciating each handcrafted masterpiece by your personal chef. Attentive and fully aware of their patrons, they make it easy to focus on the task at hand. One piece of advice (see what I did there?), is to chew as many times as possible to savor every second of it, you won't regret it. Overall, I think you get the point just seeing what the majority has said about this place. It's a winner for omakase diners whether you're a seasoned or beginner omakase lover. Stay fat mother suckers
#REVIEW#My favorite sushi spot!!I usually don't like going to the same place multiple times because...well, we're in New York. There are so many different places to try but I find myself consistently coming back here.  It seemed as though the menu changed since the last time I was here about 8 months ago (only one option as opposed to choosing between 10 and 12 pieces if I recall correctly) but still an enjoyable experience, as always.
#REVIEW#This is one of those reviews where you begrudgingly have to share how amazing this place is but feel intense fear at it being detrimental to your selfish sushi desires. Tanoshi was an amazing surprise (think unassuming, small, neighborhood-y spot) and was just blown away. I've been to some pretty stellar sushi and sake bars, but there was something about the relaxed, unpretentious and INSANE omakase, that will have me willingly waiting in line for another meal here.
#REVIEW#One of my favourite places to eat in New York. I started going here when Chef Toshio (RIP) was working here. It's very intimate with only 10 spots per seating, and 3 servings per night. Food is great and the prices are very reasonable for omakase without all the frills of gold foil and caviar and foie gras-- just traditional Edo style sushi. Also love the fact that it's BYOB. Parking is a little hard to get and it is located in Upper East so make time to come! There's generally a lineup outside before your time slot so make sure you arrive early or else you'll lose your spotDefinitely go check it out
#REVIEW#Sushi Omakase in Upper East Side!***Locals If you're in Upper East Side, perfect for sushi! Closest to omakase in this area.***Travelers Upper East Side has some cute shops and restaurants, but it's mostly residential, so there aren't many things to do but Central Park or Carl Shurz Park!***My Recommendation Definitely get the standard omakase set. Make a reservation! AND you can bring your own sake to pair! I love to get the Triple X. My favorite to order extra as an add-on.IG: @foodisseur
#REVIEW#One of the best omakase experiences I've had thus far! I'm no omakase expert. I've really only had it a handful of times, but this was definitely my fave. The restaurant (if you can even call it that) is more of a sushi bar with only a few seats. They only do a few sessions a night. Each group gets their own sushi chef. It's also BYOS (bring your own sake) which saves you a ton of money since you don't have to pay 5x more for purchasing at a restaurant. They provide ice buckets for you too! We had about 12 sushi courses and every single one was amazing. The quality of the fish was very fresh and well prepared. At the end, we ordered some extras of crab brain and botan uni. I still can't stop thinking about the crab brain sushi. It's was very unique and something I've never had at other omakases. Some of my favorites were the triple threat, which had uni, roe, and a quail yoke, scallop with tuna crunchies, and a seared sea bream. Chef Tomoki was very polite, informative, and friendly, and the overall service was great. It was $100/pp and if you pay in cash, you get 10% off. Tanoshi is at the top of my omakase list now!
#REVIEW#Great experience overall! A place where they make you food, give it to you and you eat it, awesome right?BYOB and 10% discount for carrying cash. They'll put your sake on ice and bring you sake cups. Don't go in before your scheduled time, they'll come get you. Otherwise you'll get politely yelled at to wait outside.One bite, use your fingers...so be prepared. Do some mouth flexes because the fish servings are very generous, if you're into that sort of thing. Our chef was a little hard to understand (super authentic huh) but very professional and the selection sounded good. The 12 pieces also consisted of some cooked bites and ended with a hand roll so it's definitely filling.Sushi wasn't overly sauced so if you're a sushi purist looking for a tame night, this would be a great place. I like smaller bites, more sauces so my boat floats in another pond - hey, it's just preference.Atmosphere is cute/homey and no frills. Nice to have this restaurant in the UES!
#REVIEW#Solid omakase sushi.  But some of the best pieces aren't included - you have to order them extra.
#REVIEW#Omakase was amazing! Each piece was melt in your mouth and unique! There's two sides so when you arrive just figure out which side you are on. Quaint cozy authentic place! Went for my friend's birthday and had a great experience! Would definitely go back! It's BYOB! And also discount if you pay cash!!
#REVIEW#One of my favorite omakase in NYC.  Venue (3/5) No frills sushi bar.  About 12 seats with two seatings a night.  Think bare minimum decor, a couple sushi chefs and BARE minimum.  BYOB is a huge plus.  Look up at the chalkboard for specials.  You sit very close to your neighbor.  Hopefully you get good neighbors.I used the reservation system on YELP.Food (5/5) I love a deal of an omakase.  The pieces were fresh and so good.  I ordered an extra piece XXX (uni/ikura/quail egg) took a photo and enjoyed the piece.  Service (3/5) I got water and my sushi.  Nothing stood out.
