#NAME#Toloache 50
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/toloache-50-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mexican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I really enjoyed my meal here. My table ordered a bunch of different dishes and shared everything. I got 2 drinks, but they weren't strong at all. -guacamole: really great. We even ordered a second one-truffle quesadilla: so good. I would order this again. The quesadillas are really small though. -chicken quesadilla: good, but I liked the truffle one better. Again they're really tiny. -shrimp tacos: these were my favorite tacos out of all of the ones we ordered. The shrimp had great flavor.-fish tacos: I didn't try one, but the table really enjoyed these. The only think was that the sauce was spicy.-chicken tacos: I didn't try one, but the table really enjoyed these-steak tacos: these were good, but the steak was a bit tough. I would 100% recommend the shrimp over these-brisket tacos: the table enjoyed these as well, but I didn't try them. I would recommend this restaurant overall.
#REVIEW#My friends and I came here awhile back to catch-up over dinner. The venue was extremely crowded when I arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday evening, so I'd definitely recommend making reservations ahead of time if you're planning on visiting. My friends grabbed some drinks from the bar upstairs and I ordered their grasshopper tacos as an appetizer. Being that some of my friends had weak stomachs, I had to finish the majority of the tacos myself. For those of you that haven't had grasshoppers before, they taste exactly like sunflower seeds. You probably wouldn't even be able to tell them apart in a blind taste test. For my main course, I had their quesadilla. The food  did take a while to arrive being that the restaurant was extremely busy. Overall, there wasn't much really to brag about for the quesadilla. I'd probably recommend this place for drinks and to hang-out instead rather than a place to grab some grub.
#REVIEW#TLDR: good food, but high prices.The good: chips and salsa are a pretty good deal for $4; the carne asada tacos were not bad and the spicy guacamole was also pretty goodThe bad: $14 for two SMALL tacos without any rice or beans is expensive even for NYC.  The corn on the cob (elotes) was very sour and overly salty.  The rice and beans were fine.  Carne asada tacos and guacamole were also tasty.Value overall: 2/5; food quality: 4/5; service: 3/5For the soda drinkers: they have no straws at this restaurant (not even by request).
#REVIEW#We went here before a Broadway show and,  though wr had made reservations, we had to wait. I was disappointed in the wait time and by the fact that we either stood at the door, moving to allow others to enter or we were directed to stand inside, right next to people who were eating. Both uncomfortable. When we were seated I felt as though I was at a fast food restaurant. We were asked several times, right after we sat, if we were ready to order.  I felt rushed and so crowded in with other diners.We had tuna ceviche which was very good and shared enchiladas and carne asada.The food was good but we felt as though we had to rush to eat and rush to give up our table.I understand that it was a busy time but we had reservations and paid a good price for a rushed meal.
#REVIEW#My sisters and I were going to a play and based on Yelp reviews we decided to try this restaurant. I am so glad we did. The food was delicious. The salsa was different than other salsas, not chunky but smooth, so good. We loved it so much we ordered another round. The servings are not large but the flavor of the dishes were amazing. I ordered off the vegetarian menu and my sisters had the tacos. Everything was great-we will be back.
#REVIEW#Came here late on a Wednesday night as it was one of the few places that was taking last minute reservations for 5 people. Excellent decor and lots of buzz for a weeknight.Started off with a Frozen Margarita ($13), which was slushy and excellent. for food, had the Pollo Toloache ($25) - a marinated chicken breast swimming in sauce and served alongside pico de gallo and other accompaniments. Meat is moist and the other parts of the dish didn't take away from the chicken at all. Price point is high, which is standard for this kind of restaurant in the area, but glad they were able to accommodate us.
#REVIEW#Delicious Mexican fare -- a must try if you're looking for a semi-formal Mexican restaurant near midtown
#REVIEW#So the venue and ambiance are nice.  The service is great from the bar area.  But the lunch tacos were disappointing.  The price was waay too exorbitant.  I mean the two fish tacos come with rice and beans, but I don't think that really justified the price.  More so contributing to the rent prices there.  With that being said the place is compact and I don't recommend sitting at the bar as it is uncomfortable as hell to eat and maneuver out to use the bathroom.  I could tell the gentleman next to me also felt uncomfortable as the party to my left was contributing to the uneasiness by blocking the area.  I don't see myself coming here as the prices are too much for Mexican food.
#REVIEW#While visiting NY from LA found this little gem near Times Square. Oh my gosh. . Their brisket tacos and slow cooked ribs with bone marrow - mouthwatering!Margaritas were small but flavorful and packed with fresh ingredients and lots of tequila! Loved the spicy one, the best one was the watermelon  We loved it so much we actually went and sat at the bar after our dinner and then came back a few days later before ending our trip! Service is great too! Can't wait to go back
#REVIEW#Stopped in for a quick lunch.  Wait staff and entrees were very good.  However the rice/beans as sides were kind of bland. I had the fish tacos.  They were quite  good.   I'd go back....
#REVIEW#We went here on a Saturday night and we're glad we made reservations. They were packed. The food and the service was great. I got the peligrosa and loved the spicy salt rim. The margaritas were not too strong and had beautiful flavors. We got the spicy guacamole to start and it had a nice kick to it. We got the Queso Fundido and the black truffle quesadilla which were made in the brick oven and were amazing. Overall would recommend this place if you're in the midtown or Times Square area.
#REVIEW#Aside from the small reservation hiccup, the food absolutely exceeded expectations and I'm only sad we don't have one in Louisiana so I can go once a week! The service was top notch despite having wall-to-wall people and the drinks were incredible.
#REVIEW#Everything I had from here was of top quality. And the taste was excellent. Gaucamole seems to be a very popular item here. I went with the frutas option. Gaucamole was very fresh. It had fresh pomegranate and mango in it. Combination of gaucamole and fruits is very good. Salsa which came with it was also really fresh. I am pretty sure they made it there. Chips was good too. Breakfast burrito had excellent flavors. If you go for brunch I highly recommend this item. I also went for chapulines which is nothing but grasshopper taco. Grasshoppers were fried crispy. The taste is very different from a regular taco. It has some grass kind of a flavor to it is what I felt. For a first timer you may not like it much. Overall this is an excellent restaurant. The best Mexican food I ever had.
#REVIEW#After looking at the reviews I figured this must've been a pretty good place to eat and that it was. The only biggest turn off were the host that Saturday. Those two girls just fail to represent the business in a welcoming manner. I understand the restaurant is generally packed especially on the weekends but there's no reason to deny someone the opportunity to eat at a restaurant because they do not a reservation especially if they are willing to sit at the bar without an issue. Other than that the servers and the food were great.
#REVIEW#One of the better dining options in the theater district. Make a reservation, it's a zoo. That said, the service is very good considering the chaos inside.Their cocktails are fantastic, and they have pretty good sangria. Guac is a must. The tuna ceviche was decent, and the arroz con crema was excellent though not worth the hefty $34 price tag. The plantains were a good side, but I didn't like the dipping sauce for them. They also gave us complementary champagne since we just got engaged, a nice gesture.
#REVIEW#Get a reservation! At lunch, the place was packed and people just kept piling in! With freshly made guacamole, I can definitely see why this place is a fan favourite. The service was great, the food was delicious and the ambiance was exciting. There are two floors with one bathroom on each. If you don't get a reservation, there is bar seating which is a little squishy especially since there is very little room to walk between the bar seats and the counter seating. Nevertheless, it's close to Time Square and most broadway theatres which means you can come pre or post show. :) Would definitely return for dinner but there are so many restaurants in New York to try!
#REVIEW#Went here for brunch with my family before seeing Book of Mormon and was greeted with a super personable server who explained the menu and recommended his favorite dishes. I was adventurous and ordered the cactus fries as a side dish to my main. I'm happy I got to try it,, but it didn't taste like much. For my main, I had the suadero tacos, which is their brisket tacos, and it was absolutely divine! Easily some of the best tacos I've ever had. The rice and beans that accompany their taco dishes s a generous portion size and leaves you feeling satisfied.Pro tip: get the guacamole trio as an appetizer --- three different styles that are all equally amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed the frutas style which had pomegranate, but was not nearly as overwhelming as I originally thought it would be.
#REVIEW#Since my husband and I had limited time to eat dinner between part one and two of Harry Potter, we made reservations at the this nearby Mexican restaurant, which was recommended on the Harry Potter website. The restaurant has a vegetarian menu upon request, with many different options. As a gluten-free vegan, I was told I could only get the quinoa paella main course and the spicy kale side. I was expecting to be able to get tacos with gluten-free corn tortillas, so I was slightly disappointed by my meager options. I was also told I could get the black beans, but not the rice. Luckily, the quinoa paella and spicy kale were absolutely delicious. The quinoa included generous amounts of asparagus, carrots, baby corn, mushrooms, and cauliflower, and was topped with shaved truffle. The combination of flavors and textures was delicous. The spicy kale was in a super spicy light broth that I found scrumptious. I also got a side of guacamole, which was was creamy yet still had avocado chunks in it (which is my favorite texture of guacamole). I savored every bite of my meal and fully enjoyed it. My husband opted for the cheese quesadilla, which was more of a tostada, because it was so small. The two women sitting next to us also got quesadillas and their entire conversation consisted of them discussing the tiny portion and what a real quesadilla should look like. (The tables are very close together and we could hear every word.) My husband enjoyed it, but could not get over how tiny it was. His side of avocado fries, which were crusted with panko bread crumbs, were very generous in size, though. I always find it hilarious in restaurants when the sizes are bigger than the entrees. I definitely recommend Tolache if you are ever in need of a good veg-friendly restaurant in the Broadway district. If you are vegetarian, rather than vegan and gluten-free, the vegetarian menu is quite generous.
#REVIEW#Some of the best Mexican food I've ever eaten. Guam is awesome and shrimpQuesadillas were amazing. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Actually better than I expected! Took a client out for lunch - initially was VERY loud inside but looked like other customers frequent here for business lunches. We started with the spicier version of the chips and guacamole. It wasn't too spicy but had a nice kick to it. I ordered the JM Costilla & Tuetano, which was the beef short rib tacos and they were really good! I'm usually pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food but they did a really good take on this one and the ribs turned out very tender. Will definitely come back!
