#NAME#Shake Shack
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/shake-shack-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers,hotdog,icecream#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Duuuude... two things are unbelievable: (1) I spent $22.18 on just myself at shake shack... and (2) the double smoke shack ($10.19) is so fatty and delicious. $22.18 is a ton of money to drop at shake shack but the sandwich was so worth trying. I also got my usual chicken shack ($7.09) and fries ($3.09) so that contributed, but you gotta do what you gotta do.The double smoke shack is just so rich and flavorful and really fills you up despite being a shake shack burger (ie, a smaller burger). It was a biiiit too greasy towards the end but overall very flavorful and decently spicy. The bacon is kind of the cherry on top -- not necessary, but bacon never hurts! The chicken shack and fries were exceptional, as usual.Just do it!
#REVIEW#I've had good experiences here before but I unfortunately don't think I'll be back after my recent visit. I ordered a double shack burger to go and when I took a bite into it back at my apartment it was pretty much raw. I'm okay with a medium-rare burger, but this was pretty much seared on the outside and raw, red, lukewarm ground beef on the inside. Not safe or appetizing. I immediately went back to the location (I'm luckily pretty close) and the front staff were very attentive and apologetic. They redid my order, but when they called the order out the person heading up the cook like said to cook it "very well done". I'm not a super sensitive person but he had a pretty sarcastic tone and I could tell they viewed this extra order as annoying.After another 5 min wait or so, I got another bag with my order in it. I took it home and hoped for he best. Well my intuition was right, the burger was completely charred and almost inedible. There was a flat black crust that had formed on the bottom of each patty as they probably just sat there.I just wanted a burger, not raw, not burnt to a crisp. Just a regular one like I've gotten numerous times before. I don't think I'll be back unfortunately.
#REVIEW#The Shake Shack at this location is HORRIBLE.  If I could rate negative stars I would. I mobile ordered my food and when I got there 10 mins later and tried to ask if my order was ready I was ignored. Then I see an employee who turns out to be the Manager, but a bag to the side and not call out any name. After another 5 mins I asked said Manager if my order was ready and it turns out the bag he put to the side was mine. As I'm leaving I check to see the temperature of my food, it was  COLD!!! I go back in and told said Manger, he "switched"out my food, but it was still coldIf I wanted cold food and subpar service I would go to McDonalds or Wendy's, at least there I know what I'm in for. NEVER AGAIN WILL I SPEND MONEY, TIME, OR ENERGY AT SHAKE@Jake - Danjelique@yahoo.com
#REVIEW#Your standard Shake Shack chain. The place is somewhat small and the dining area is always packed, so I'd recommend eating your burgers out in Central Park as it's only a block away. If you don't really care about service and wait time, then you won't really have an issue with anything.
#REVIEW#There's always a wait here. The burgers are filling and delicious but the fries are too salty, the saltiness over powers the taste, next time I'll make it a point to ask them to hold the salt. There's seating downstairs but its pretty busy, Im glad I found seat downstairs after waiting a few minutes. I've had Shake Shack burgers many times in the past, this was the first time I got a stomach a couple of hours after? Not sure why, but it won't stop me from dropping in for a burger time to time. Happy Yelping!
#REVIEW#This Shake Shack is slow and unorganized. The lines look like big crowds, and the waiting space is awkward. Once you order your food, you get a buzzer that alerts you when you food is ready. However, my buzzer alerted me, and my food was not ready. In addition to this, it is pretty busy so you have to wait to get a seat. They have groups sitting down, with only one person literally eating an order of fries. They should enforce some sort of sitting rules, so reduce the waiting time and crowds.Besides the above, Shake Shack satisfied my burger and milkshake craving!! They also have Chick'n Bites- amazing and rich in flavor. The Chick'n Shack- delicious!!!  The Shack White-- FAIL; I was not a fan of it!
#REVIEW#Hubster and I took an early lunch at the Shake Shack. We walked over from the museum next door. The line was short, but seating was VERY limited. We walked down stairs and it was full too. Luckily, there was a nice gentleman who was clearing tables who helped us snag a table. If the weather was warmer, we could have sat on the benches near the museum. We ordered the shack stack, chick'n shack, and fries. Everything was piping hot which was wonderful. The chicken was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. It was very flavorful and not overbearingly salty. Hubster loved the shack stack. The huge fried portabella on top of the meat was a nice surprise. The cheese was ooey, gooey, and melting off the burger good. French fries were fresh and crispy. The burgers were a little on the small side.  Overall, it was a surprisingly enjoyable experience for a chain fast food joint.
#REVIEW#It's good. Just like all Shake Shacks.  Burgers are waaaaay better than In n Out.  Sorry but it's true.  Shakes are good too.This one is conveniently located a block from the museum of Natural History.  Not enough seating. But my big issue is she got my order wrong. Even though I said each burger separately.  Lame.
#REVIEW#Burgers, shakes, and prosecco were delicious- this place was super crowded on the day that I came with my family of 5. They have a downstairs eating area which was closed for a private party and as a result, we waited for too long for a table to open up on the main floor. Obnoxious, and made me even more happy to have ordered the prosecco. They really need to just put a sign blocking off the stairs to indicate that there's a private party happening. It's a minor inconvenience to walk all the way down only to find out that there's no seating available. Additionally, their pager system is ineffective- our pager went off and we still had to wait for at least five minutes before our order was ready. I might come back here but not if I'm super hungry or in a rush.
#REVIEW#Came to this shake shack after the museum of natural history. The place was very crowded. There were seats upstairs and downstairs. The seats upstairs were very narrow and tight. Downstairs is more of a square and it was very tight as well. Can't even fit a pockit stroller. Had to fold it and put it between the legs. Also, the downstairs the pipe was leaking water. So, I was sitting and eating while drips of water was dripping down next to me.I finally tried the shroom burger but, it wasn't what I was expecting. Every bite I took there were googy cheese leaking out. I would prefer the shack burger more.The fries was very good.Overall the food are pretty good and price is ok. Parking around is a bit harder so, it's better off to take the train.
#REVIEW#This was my first time experiencing shake shack and I was happy with the outcome. This location certainly is busy but I was prepared for that. The waiting area was a little awkward but fortunately the wait wasn't that long. I decided to go with the basics my first time around. I ordered the shack stack and fries. I would say the burger is much better than other fast food options and the fries were my favorite part of the meal. I would definitely return in the future but I'd like to check out some of the other locations. Getting a seat at this location is near impossible. It was a beautiful day outside so I had no problem eating my food on a nearby bench.
#REVIEW#I love Shake Shack, but this location is terrible. The customer service is nonexistent and everything takes forever. Even if you order ahead of the app, be prepared to wait 10-15 min past the time you selected. Cheese fries are one of my favorite items, but they don't give you much cheese. The food is good and consistent with other locations, but experience is awful.
#REVIEW#Update: I'm adding back two more stars and updating my review for the Shake Shack located on 79th St in the UWS.  After I posted my initial review expressing my frustrations, the folks at Shake Shack contacted me.  They kindly apologized and offered me a ten dollar eCard to use at my next visit.  I was surprised but really appreciated this kind gesture.  I went back today and I'm happy to say the visit went smoothly.  I did not use the Shake Shack app but went in person during the lunch peak.  I placed my order and only waited about five minutes for my food.  The staff at the register had some trouble figuring out how to enter the eCard towards my order and had to ask someone for help.  Otherwise, my visit my great.  Thank you Jake from Shake Shack who reached out to me. I really appreciate good customer service.Original review: This location is always crowded with lines that go out the door sometimes. So last month I decide to download the shake shack app in hopes that it cuts down the wait when ordering. Today, I placed my order on the way to this location and proceeded to wait almost half hour to get the text letting me know to pick up my food. The air condition system was also down on this particular day so it was quite got inside shake shack. Not fun. Finally I decided to go up to the counter to inquire about my order. The person there looked behind her and gave me a bag containing my food. Apparently my order had been ready all this time but they neglected to notify me via text. So now my food has gotten cold. I'm going to delete this stupid app and they to never come back to this
#REVIEW#Looking to avoid the overpriced food at the Museum of Natural History, this Shake Shack is perfectly located; it attracted me and my kids whom were very hungry after leaving.  The lines are super long and the place is not large enough to house the volume of customers.  It could be a deterrent to leave but considering we were hungry we stuck around.But Why after eating Shake Shack, do I feel totally gross.  Perhaps its the greasy peanut oil saturating my bun and fries.   For all the money they charge they could at least dab some of the grease off before smothering the Shack Sauce all over it.
#REVIEW#I usually love Shake Shack, but please refer to the photos attached -- my burgers were not cooked!  We ordered two shack stacks and both were red on the inside. I was a bit disappointed in the quality of service that day!  I would have appreciated a refund or something in return for this experience.  Uncooked meat can definitely make a customer sick.  I never asked for bloody, or rare, as I did not expect these to be options in the fast food arena.  Fortunately, I survived my undercooked burger!
#REVIEW#Cheap but busy! We headed to Museum of History and afterwards went here for dinner. It was busy, loud, and kind of crazy. But family-friendly crazy. We had to wait for a table and be a bit aggressive to get one. It's two levels but still small. There were people eating standing up. So be prepared for madness but we enjoyed the burgers (fresh and just right size) fries, and, of course, shakes. BTW noise level....wow! Still...cool w/kids and inexpensive to boot!
#REVIEW#This will make sense. I used to write finance articles for the Motley Fool and Investopedia, which were syndicated on Yahoo Finance. I'm now in the energy business, but when I was writing, I covered Consumer Goods + Restaurants for years.There's a reason I'm mentioning this. Figuring out which consumer-based stocks will go up or down has nothing to do with P/E Ratio, Forward Earnings, Debt-to-Equity Ratio, etc. Simply watch the consumer. Is the brand in-line with consumer trends? Look at the picture with the line out the door at 2 p.m. on a Tuesday. There's your answer. Simplicity always wins in this game. Don't trade stocks! Invest in companies! I have always been Bullish on Shake Shack. It's a Fast Casual chain, which is in-line with Millennial consumer trends. The Millennial generation is even larger than the Baby Boomer generation. Therefore, they will drive the economy on the growth side. I'm Gen X. We are a small generation sandwiched between the two largest generations ever and mean little to the economy on a relative basis. We are definitely the coolest generation though, but that's a story for another time. :)Did I go off-topic? My bad. The chicken sandwich was great, but they forgot the tomato.  Disclaimer: This review is not a recommendation for SHAK and is for entertainment and food recommendation purposes only. However, I personally believe SHAK is the new MCD.
#REVIEW#When in NYC, Shake Shack is a tourist must, isn't it? Crazy busy, but there's extra seating downstairs. Crinkled fries were crisp, and drizzled in nacho cheese, yum! The burgers itself however were just okay. Small and made sloppily. Nothing to rave about.
#REVIEW#Shake Shack, the best of the best really. Brought back fond memories of LA. The burgers and bacon cheese fries were excellent. This location is pretty bad though. Crowded, slow service, not very clean. I waited downstairs for a table at the same time as Adam was ordering for us and we both ended up waiting 20-30 minutes to get served and seated.Still, it's shake shack so totally worth it. This location is close to the American Museum of Natural History so I can understand why it's so busy.
#REVIEW#So how can I say this... Im probably one of the only people in the world who has never had Shake Shack. Let me explain... I don't eat red meat or pork, and they don't do Turkey Burgers. If I'm not mistaken chicken hasn't always been on their menu, if it was I was unaware. So, maybe once many years ago I may have had a Shake but I really can't remember, so let's just say that doesn't count. As of today I'm no longer Shake Shack oblivious!However, since we're being honest I don't think I was missing anything. The wait is too longggg. They seem to prioritize grub hub, uber eats, seamless, & postmates orders over physical customers waiting.While waiting I attempted to gather my condiments and mentioned that they were out of hot sauce the girl behind the register told me to go downstairs or look on the tables. The other young lady had see my facial expressions (I'm working on it) and she got me some hot sauce, TY. As you order they give you buzzers that they never use. So if you don't hear them butcher your name your food sits there open until you inquire. I realize that this all may be a location issue and has nothing to do with the food. The food then... Takeout orders in my opinion, are not packaged in any ideal way at all. Just placed in an open bag and that's it. Open fries, open sandwich, open bag!The fries ($2.99) are actually pretty good and are very well prepared but are small and not worth coming to purchase alone due to size. The Chickn Shack @ $6.89 was subpar. I received a salty mini chicken strip with peeling breading on an over sized bun (sarcasm bc bun is small too mind you). No where close to being worth the almost $7 price tag for a WISHn Shack, because I was wishing for some protein on my sandwich. In a split second I can rattle off more than 5 places with a better mediocre chicken sandwich then this one, but I rather not be rude.  Black & White Shake ($5.29) was the highlight. Extremely tasty with great consistency. The one item ordered that was worth the wait and all the hype, everything else... I wast missing much (no FOMO).Maybe if I ate beef then Shake Shack would do it for me but I don't so it doesn't. If I ever do return I will not be be SHACKn, I will only be SHAKEn in the yard!
