#NAME#Bengal Tiger Indian Food
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/bengal-tiger-indian-food-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#indpak#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#BYOB in NYC?! Yes please! Awesome Indian food at the first restaurant where the waitlist function on the app actually worked for me!---potato samosas: solid, great with the dipping sauces ---lamb vindaloo: SUPER DUPER SPICY!! I practically had to inhale the vindaloo after a couple bites, but it was so good! Comes with rice but we had to ask for more----naan: free with Yelp check in!NOTE: the restaurant is small and its popular so definitely use the waitlist function!
#REVIEW#Pretty good Indian food in an intimate, upstairs setting. Crowded, busy place, lots of fun, the kind of place where you hear your neighbors' conversations whether  you want to or not, and where you might talk to the people sitting next to the table next to yours.One of the tables next to us channeled "My Dinner With Andre." Poor guy sitting across from me, couldn't get in a word edgewise. For 90 minutes. Neither could we. Nor did we want to. Table on the other side, a couple of delightful Indian women from ... the Bay Area (we're everywhere) ... and had a nice time chatting with them.We started with a few appetizers, all terrific. The kheema samosas were wonderful, both the wrappers and the fillings were house made, fresh, and delicious. Pappadums also delicious and homemade-tasting. Pakoras were also very, very tasty. And the chutneys that came with the starters were yummy. We had a couple of mains, which were a mixed bag. Lamb biryani was good - the lamb was succulent and plentiful, the rice nicely spiced (for us), too. (Our Indian neighbors also had a biryani, and liked it, too, but said it wasn't spicy enough for them.) The chicken korma was not as successful - it was OK but a little on the bland side. The garlic naan we ordered was undercooked, overly chewy, not good. I wouldn't order it again if I went back. A tip - if you don't want dessert, order a la carte rather than off of the prix fixe menu to get larger portions of the appetizers. For example, you get two samosas that was instead of one. And you want those two samosas!But overall we really enjoyed our meal. I'd definitely go back if I found myself in midtown and wanted a tasty Indian dinner.
#REVIEW#BOMB This place has delicious foodThe good:- the Food, everything we had was delicious. Tasted authentic and not very over spiced. The SAMOSAS were maybe my least favorite just cus it was a bit too spicy for me. TheVEGETABLE KHORMA was just mmmm mmn so good. the khorma tasted like a meatball got together with a macaroon and had a delicious baby!  TheCHICKEN KABOB was juicy and perfectly grilled. We had the CHICKEN CURRY also with a tomato sauce that was well spiced and tasty.The server PUNEET was just so refreshing to talk with. It really felt like he liked his job and was proud of the food they were serving. A+The bad:- the to go containers. They fell apart. Honestly I think this is as good as it gets.
#REVIEW#Took a chance on this place while visiting NYC and was so happy we did! Definitely get reservations this place is small and gets packed. You do have to climb stairs toThe second floor also. It is small and well decorated. The menu has many good options! We had the chicken yolks masala, tandoori chicken and garlic naan- all were very tasty. The naan wasn't the best I've ever had, it's thin and was a bit dry/burnt, but good enough. The chai tea was really good. I'd definitely recommend. The 5/10 spicy wasn't too spicy I should have done a 6 or 7.
#REVIEW#Very good Indian.  The spice level is no joke.  If you do not like very spicy food then order the "regular" spice level. The butternut squash soup was fantastic... Everything that we ordered was fantastic (Chicken curry,  Malai Kofta, Chicken Saag, Tikka Masala, Korma, rosemary naan, cheese naan, and plain naan).  Service was very friendly and attentive service.
#REVIEW#Absolutely fantastic! I get the curry lamb with white rice and cilantro naan... uff tasty, soft, well prepared. Is a fantastic option for lunch, i also thing they have specials but they are done before 2:00 Anyway when food is really good, price doesn't matter. I will definitely come back
#REVIEW#Hands down the best Indian food I've ever had the pleasure of trying.Tiny restaurant located upstairs. We went in the middle of the day so that helped with not having to wait very long for a table. We were greeted by staff upon our arrival and seated next to the window which in my opinion is the best in the house.We went with the KEENAN SAMOSA as an appetizer and for main course CHICKEN TIKA MASALA  and LAMB VINDALOO along with RICE  and GARLIC NAAN.KEENAN SAMOSA minded lamb and pea turnover mixed with spices and fried to perfection. Paired with a chutney sauce. 5 stars****CHICKEN TIKA MASALA chicken cooked in a  light cream tomato sauce. This dish was good. Creamy curry sauce and chunks of chicken 5 stars****LAMB VINDALOO lamb cooking in Vindaloo fiery sauce, sun-dried Kashmiri red chili, potato, and tamarind sauce. Yes it was spicy but it wasn't unbearable. Very flavorful and had a great amount of meat. 5 stars***Service was phenomenal. Every staff member had a smile on their faces from the time we entered to the time we left. Staff was so friendly and made sure on multiple occasions everything was looking and tasting good and offered to change anything we weren't happy with but we were satisfied so there was no need.Don't forget to check into yelp for a free order of Naan bread. Happy eating
#REVIEW#Yum!  Great spot to grab lunch.  Small and cozy tucked up a flight of stairs.  They offer lunch special for fair price that includes soup and entree with rice.  If you don't have time to eat in....call for some take out.  It can get crowded during the week at lunch time.  Curry and Tikka Masala are great!!  I also recommend their Vegetable Samosa with peas and potatoes.
#REVIEW#Some of the best indian food in Manhattan. My Indian friends approve.If you enjoy keeling over, they will make their food as spicy as you want. As in Indian Spicy and then some.Anyways, we love their naan, their goat dishes and their chicken tikka.  Their samosas were great too! The flavors have a lot of depth, complexity, and subtleties unlike a lot of Indian places in the US where the taste is just very one dimensional.Lines could be long on weekends. Togo orders seem to be in larger quantities.  Their prix fixe is a great deal IMO.
#REVIEW#First off, the food and location were good. This is why I am giving this place two stars.After having our dinner here, I noticed the raw lamb meat sitting right below the ice cooler where all the dust collects. The tray of raw meat was place directly on the ground, uncovered! The fire hydrant was next to this as well. This is absolutely ridiculous and a health violation. After exposing this to the manager his customer service going forward was still very unprofessional. He acknowledged it, and tried to play it off like it was something new that had happened and offered us dessert. This is a major health violation, and it is a matter of time before they come knocking on the doors of this restaurant.
#REVIEW#I was drawn to Bengal Tiger due to the glowing Yelp reviews, and visited with a friend on a Thursday around 1:15pm.  The restaurant was at max capacity when we arrived, and we luckily snagged a table as someone was leaving.  There is not a ton of seating, so if you don't want to wait, avoid peak hours.  The tables are also very close together and you can definitely hear the conversation of neighboring parties (sorry to those sitting by us!!).  Yelpers, definitely check-in for free naan!  My friend and I ordered the prix-fix lunch ($12.95 each) with butternut squash soup and malai kofta and chicken saag.  I was a little disappointed with the food here.  It's probably because my friend and I had visited a hole in the wall Indian place prior to this and had an amazing experience and Bengal Tiger did not live up to that.  A word of caution that the food does have a kick so be prepared!  The soup and saag were well flavored but the chicken was dry and the malai kofta had an off-putting combination of flavors.  The naan also lacked flavor (tasted stale) and actually didn't entice me to go for more.  I was also bummed that this wasn't AYCE like some of the competitors around town.Aside from the woman who took care of refilling our waters, I thought service here was also sub par.  The servers were curt and seemed irritated taking our order.  My expectations were so great for Bengal Tiger and I was crushed that it was not a 5-star experience for me.  P.S. Excuse the weird NYC stamp on the pictures.  I forgot to take it off as I was taking them and I can't figure out how to remove it.
#REVIEW#I saw all these great reviews and so it was on my "must try" list on my trip to NYC. Yelpers, I'm sorry to say that you let me down. Chicken korma is my favorite Indian dish but it wasn't good here at all. I mean it looks amazing but looks are deceiving. The flavors were just off, hard to describe.My boyfriend ordered the tandoori chicken but we were surprised when it we saw the actual dish. It's not what we are used to from other restaurants. Look at the attached photo for reference. At least I enjoyed my samosa appetizer but they would have to be really bad to mess that up. I will say they have a good prix fixe menu though and I took advantage of it.
#REVIEW#We had a great time! I put our party on the waitlist based on other folks on yelp saying the wait could be super intense. The wait was longer than it suggested, but not terribly. The service was awesome. They constantly refilled our water without needing to be asked. We ordered a few naan (plus redeemed the yelp naan) which included garlic naan, rosemary, and plain. The naan was so fluffy! Seriously like clouds.We also got some chicken tikka, veggie korma, and lamb korma.So much food! The portions were legit and we did not leave there hungry. The food was flavorful and a nice spice level considering it was their "normal".Would definitely go back. Recommend to others, but add yourself to the wait list!
#REVIEW#Was looking for a highly rated Indian food, and this came on top for most stars and high amount of votes, seemed like a solid choice. So my wife and I got a mix of veggies (saag paneer) and lamb vindaloo. We liked how they stayed authentic, made the vindaloo spicy like Indian spicy and the spices were bold and strong, these aren't made for the timid folks who like dishes "Americanized". The service was also swift and very friendly, servers always had a smile on. When you get to a level of popularity, the service tends to become efficient and more on the rude side, but they haven't lost their charm and hospitality here. 5 stars all around.
#REVIEW#My mom and I made the trip to NY for the first time to have a fun Mother's Day weekend, and wanted to try different restaurants that we found on Yelp. We tried Sushi, NY style Pizza - more seafood, east coast and all - delicious Cuban food and Bengal Tiger for authentic Indian food. I grew up in the Bay Area, Silicon Valley to be specific, so I am VERY picky when it comes to authentic Indian food. When I say this place did not disappoint, that is a complete understatement. We did not opt for appetizers, and started with Mango Lassi. The flavor was just right, and the consistency was perfect. For our entree, I went with Paneer Makhani and my mom had Paneer Tikka Masala, extra spicy - both dishes came with Basmati rice and we checked in on Yelp for our free naan bowl. The flavor of both dishes was excellent and exactly what we were hoping for. Although the portion sizes appear small, it is more than enough to fill you up, especially if you have your own dish. We devoured our dishes and had Kheer for dessert which again, did not disappoint. The servers were all super friendly and very attentive. The restaurant itself is very small, so it can feel crowded, but I really like the setup of it. It all felt very New York, go up the stairs, and dine in a small, cozy yet stylish place. I'm hoping to visit New York again within a year or so, and this place will be one of the first stops I make!
#REVIEW#Saw it on a random NY collection. Decided to jump on the train cause it was pretty cold!If you check in, you get free nan.The iced team was the only thing that was forgettable.The lunch special was great. The soup was incredible and the lam kurma was tasty.The service was spot on! While the space is small, you don't feel rushed and I had space to stretch out and enjoy my lunch. I would be back for sure!One final note - they have the most beautiful pictures on the wall.
#REVIEW#In addition to the food being delicious, had the chicken vindaloo, the SERVICE from the Restaurant staff is GREAT! All are welcoming, friendly, and attentive. Would definitely come back
#REVIEW#Never disappoints. Highly recommend if you love Indian food!
#REVIEW#Mulligatawny soup.  Bengal Tiger has the best I have ever tasted, and for that alone the restaurant should get a five star rating!  Bengal Tiger is in a "classic" midtown location, close to all the office buildings that you would likely not enjoy working in.  You go up a flight of stairs and the space itself is cozy, lacking the grand setting at a Tamarind or Junoon.  Then again, if you had the time and money to splurge, you should probably not be coming here.  Bengal Tiger's promise seems to be a reasonably-prized, very tasty lunch in a modest yet welcoming setting.  The dine-in, prix-fix lunch is unbeatable in value at $12.95.  Pay some more and dessert comes included.  Pay less and you can get takeout.  It is quite simple.  They also serve dinner but I suspect there would be fewer takers.Five stars for delivering great food in a fit-for-purpose environment.  I will be back for that mulligatawny soup soon!
#REVIEW#I remember Bengal Tiger fondly from 5 years ago.  Located on a 2nd walk- up space.  Bengal Tiger had and still has a great vibe.Food was excellent.  We were having lunch so we ordered the lunch special which included a soup and a main entree.We both ordered Lamb.  A Lamb Vindahloo and a Lamb Korma.  Both were delicious, flavorful.  Bengal Tiger's Lamb was not gamey at all.  The Lamb was lean and tasty.Servers were knowledgeable and they hassled to make sure all the customers received good service.Service was fast, friendly and efficient.
