#NAME#5 Napkin Burger
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/5-napkin-burger-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#burgers#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Classic and signature burgers we're awesome, best fries we've had.Service was really good too.
#REVIEW#Not worth the price tag at all. Really disappointed in the meal and felt almost cheated by how popular this place seemed to be.The food is made inconsistently. Never mind between days or weeks, but between two burgers. Had two truffle burgers. Both ordered medium rare and no exemptions/replacements. One came with a runny yolk one with really hard. One had ketchup, one didn't. 0 hint of truffle oil from either. Asked for small fries for the table, got large and paid for large (only $2 difference but seriously gotta listen to what the customer asks for). And to top it off - a fruitfly on the cheese. Wouldn't have noticed either if the burger actually stayed intact, but the thing kept having bits fall out of it. Guess silver lining, didn't need that added "protein."
#REVIEW#This place is usually busy around dinner time Fri-Sun largely because of its seating and location.  The service is fine, the food is below average.  I've had numerous burgers and appetizers here and they have been consistently underwhelming.Most recently tried the "Just the Beef" burger.  The patty was not seasoned at all.  The nachos were also dry and lacked any spice or flavor. How do you mess up nachos?!? Well they did it here.Also, lemonade is from the bar so no refills (save your money, tastes more bland than Minute Made).Overall, would not come back if you have a choice.  Try almost any other restaurant in HK.  Your wallet (and taste buds) will thank you.
#REVIEW#Its so good. In my opinion one of the best burgers worldwide! Honestly, it's not that cheap, it's not the quietest place, it's not ne most comfortable, but this burgers, the amazing team and the beer menu is perfect!
#REVIEW#This is for delivery only. I ordered the 5 Napkin Burger and added avocado. I was curious why it didn't come with any sides until it arrived lol. This burger is massive! It was delicious! The gruyere cheese was melted. The caramelized onions were cooked nicely. The avocado could have been more fresh. I ordered the burger medium rare and it was cooked perfectly! The rosemary garlic aioli sauce was sooo yummy! I just wish there was more of it! Haha. The bottom of the bun in the container got soggy on the way over here. Still it was delicious. Definitely needed at least five napkins for face and hands! I'd order from here again. No sides needed with this burger! Very filling. Order was quick and correct.
#REVIEW#This place is kind of garbage considering how hyped up it is. Kind of felt like I ate at a tourist trap. The truffle burger I had didn't have a hint of truffle in it, I couldn't even smell it. The sunny side egg that came inside the burger was completely hard... it's not hard to cook a runny egg so I'm confused as to why both the yolks inside my burger were hard??? The whole reason I got the burger was for the egg and the truffle flavor. So disappointed. At least they have good two for one passionfruit mimosas on weekends - those were good!
#REVIEW#This was my first visit to a 5 Napkin Burger. It was a Saturday at 11:45am. I took a seat at the bar. I ordered the 5 Napkin Burger with a side of fries. I enjoyed my meal while listening to mostly dance music and watching, what I thought was George Stephanopoulos but it turned out to be a lady commentator for Women's World Cup soccer coverage. I ate the burger upside down to keep the strong bun on the bottom but it still got more messy than I had hoped. I noticed all the meat hooks hanging from the ceiling giving a "Saw" movie franchise vibe. The fries were McDonald's compatible in taste, shape and texture.
#REVIEW#This place was amazing when we visited NYC. The burger was fantastic and so juicy.  Not your typical burger but so good.
#REVIEW#My friends picked this place to eat because one has many food intolerances and the other is just picky. When we arrived around 5 PM on Saturday we had to wait an hour to be seated.One ordered the Impossible Burger, the other ordered a regular cheeseburger and I ordered the Truffle Burger and specified that I wanted the egg very runny and with my Yelp check in I got a free order of fries.  When the burger came out, the egg was cooked as much as it possibly could be. I let the waitress know, she sent it back and I got it just right within minutes. I felt like the truffle flavor was muted and didn't find anything particularly tasty about the meat either. My friend's Impossible Burger was pretty outstanding. When the check came my free fries were never taken off, it seemed like my waitress was quite overwhelmed although she was very polite.
#REVIEW#When you're having a 'cheat day' or when you need to drown your emotions in fried, carbi deliciousness come to Five Napkin Burger.     I was in town for work with my boss and coworker and we needed a late night place that had great comfort food.  I'm a vegan, they are not - so we needed a place that would make everyone happy.    This place is SO cute, atmosphere is important and they have a full bar which is a necessity.  We ordered fried onion rings as an appetizer - they arrived stacked like a tower.  Hot, sizzling, crispy on the outside, oniony sweetness on the inside with multiple dipping sauces for your tongue's sensory pleasure.       I ordered their vegan burger and sweet potato fries.  There wasn't a crumb left on my plate when I was done.  Not a single crumb, not a piece of bun, not a loose piece of fry that got away...nada!  Yes I was starving but YES, food was THAT good!  We were in NYC for three days, I wanted to come back the next day.  Five stars.
#REVIEW#Really poor service. Came bc I saw their ad in the Hamilton pamphlet...doing takeout...horrible service. First of all: what kind of restaurant has waiters who don't know where to locate a menu? I mean seriously???? It's not like your menus suddenly grew wings and flew off...but then again, maybe they got tired of waiting to be served and left (as i should have done). How hard is it to tell a customer how long their order will take? Or swipe their card? Can't you see I'm in the way with a bag that servers and customers constantly bump into? Or are you guys just not paying any attention to the customers you're supposed to be serving?Hopefully the food is able to make this NOT a total waste of time.--Update: it wasn't! Complete waste of time and money. The burger looked like the most bland crap ever made. If it wasn't, then it's definitely a close second. Tasted like the tuna was boiled in water (with no spices or sauce) and the fries...well they definitely weren't anything special: small portion, some of which clumped together. But I'll give 5napkins points though: most places that serve crappy foods will serve you a ton of crap (to make up for the lack of flavor or good foods). 5napkins doesn't do that; like their appalling service, they can't just be bothered. Ps. They weren't even bothered to close the bag of fries. I realized that when I got to my hotel smh.
#REVIEW#Day/Time: Saturday, around 12:45pm.Wait Time: No wait time for tables outside. 10-15 minute wait for a seat indoors. Seating: Indoor seats, outdoor seats, and bar seats. Service: Solid. Drinks: We ordered mimosas.  Food: We ordered the sweet potato fries, classic cheeseburger, and turkey burger. We sat outside because the weather was gorgeous. Touristy, but solid burger spot. Sweet potato fries were delicious and so were both of the burgers. No complaints!
#REVIEW#Food was good $$ everything is a la carteBeyond burger good they were out of the Impossible burger that we like better.  Cold beers.  Nachos (we asked to leave the chorizo  sausage off which they did) tasty had a little bit of a kick to them.  Friend really liked the Ahi tuna burger said it was filling with a delicious sauce.
#REVIEW#I came here with a friend on a Saturday night around 7:30pm with no reservation. We were told it would be about a 30 minute wait so we went and sat at the bar and talked, I believe we got lucky because our buzzer went off just 10 minutes later.We took a look at the menu and both ordered Riesling, and ordered the spinach and artichoke dip to start. My girlfriend ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and I ordered the 5 Napkin burger with french fries. Do remember to check in, because those fries were FREEEEE thanks to Yelp! :)The artichoke dip came served with small baguette croutons and lettuce that was ideal for dipping, but I do wish we had been given more because we both rationed them and still had a lot of dip left over. However, we simply made the best out of what we had and just used the fried to dip into it instead so easy fix! My burger arrived maybe 10 minutes after the dip so timing was perfect in between courses. My burger looked and was delicious, the rosemary aioli really stood out and gave the burger an oomph that really hit the spot for me. My friend said that her chicken sandwich also was tasty and she loved it. I'm so glad my bff recommended 5 Napkin burger, I'd love to come back and try another burger next time I'm in the area.
#REVIEW#Pros - no waiting time. Yelp check in gives you a free order of fries for the table. Fast service. The burgers were alright. They were good, but not the best burgers I've had.
#REVIEW#This is a burger spot, but it has both a lot of burger options and a lot of non-burger options. I appreciate that they have options even for vegetarians and vegans while staying a burger place. Unsurprisingly for the location, it's very crowded, so definitely get a reservation if you're coming with a larger group.
#REVIEW#The Truffle Burger was excellent! I've been eyeing this restaurant every time I passed by on my way to Time Square or Port Authority. There's a delicious smell that makes you just want to try it. Plus it's right next to Schmakarys, my NYC cookie place!It did not disappoint. When we arrived they weren't crazy busy, we got a nice seat outside for people watching. We got some pickles (buttered?) to snack on while we looked at the menu. I got the truffle burger ($17) and onion rings ($7). Both were quite good. The onion rings are seasoned with something that made them really stand out. And the burger was insanely messy but good, I had to switch to a knife and fork after a boy. My biggest complaint are the prices, $17 for the Truffle burger! No fries included. But they did have a loyalty program,  so I got my onion rings for free. :)
#REVIEW#Overall, I would definitely recommend this place and will be coming back. Their menu was eclectic and intriguing. I can't wait to try other options. I had been meaning to try the Impossible Burger for a very long time. Decided to try it here simply because it was the closest place to me selling it one Saturday. Very glad I decided to eat here! I thought it was like a fast food restaurant but it was a full service dine in restaurant with a full bar. The burger was so juicy and had a similar texture to meat for sure. It's definitely a satisfactory replacement of beef. I think everyone should try it - can't go wrong with healthy and delicious!They have an interesting happy hour - it happens at 10 instead of during the middle of the day. Another deal they offer is through yelp. Free order of fries. The fries are a lot so if you are with someone, you could definitely just share them.
#REVIEW#Good fresh food, noisy atmosphere and pricey especially the kids menu (1/2 Belgian waffle for $9??). Service is good though. Worthwhile.
#REVIEW#Getting a 4 or 3 star experience at a 5 Napkin Burger is a gamble but I would still go when the moment or the mood strikes. They're convenient, the happy hour is a good value (as well as the normal bar prices), the food is always good at least, and the service is consistently good to excellent. The prices are fair overall. This was a 4-star visit for us; thus, the 4-star rating. We spent $71 for - two glasses of sauvignon blanc- a gin-and-grapefruit cocktail, which might be the Smokey Rose?- fries- the kofteh burger- asian crunch salad with teriyaki tuna: good value because the tuna was tasty and cooked to rare.We ate at the bar (shout out to server "PM B," ha ha). We also go to the Broadway and 85 Street store.
