#NAME#Wah Fung No 1 Fast Food
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/wah-fung-no-1-fast-food-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,hotdogs,noodles#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#After seeing Wah Fung plastered all over social media and featured in Youtube food vlogs, I had to try this place out for myself and sure enough it did not disappoint. I ordered a large combo with roast pig and roast pork for $6.50 over a bed of rice along with some cabbage. You can also choose roast chicken and roast duck as well. The roast pig was tender, savory, and crispy with just the right amount of salt and fat in every piece. After my first bite of the roast pig I felt like Anton Ego in Ratatouille as memories of my childhood birthday parties filled with roast pig flooded my mind. The roast pork (char siu) was lighter and sweeter and had these delectable burnt fatty bits that melted umami flavor the moment they touch your tongue. Finally, the rice and the cabbage did a fantastic job of providing some respite for your tastebuds in between the bites of rich porky meat.I went around 1pm on a Saturday and because there is no seating area, there was a line of about 15 people out the door but the line moves very quickly. I was in and out in just under 10 minutes and it was very cool to see the chefs chop and prepare your meal. With Sarah D. Roosevelt park right across the street, you can enjoy a delicious meal from Wah Fung in the park, surrounded by the wonderful NYC summer weather. Nothing is better.
#REVIEW#It's a lot of meat and fat, it's not bad. I liked the duck most out of chicken and pork.There's some vegetables but covered in meat fat.I wouldn't come here again
#REVIEW#My favorite thing is really affordable, delicious food. This is exactly what you get at Wah Fung. There's nowhere to sit down, people are yelling, you'll likely be a bit confused but the prices and quality of food is unbeatable. I always get the roast pork and duck which is just the perfect amount of crispy and sweet. Duck is usually expensive to find which is why this is such a great deal - they really don't skimp you. The cabbage is bland and the rice is fine but that doesn't matter to me, the meat is the main draw here. There's usually a long line outside during busy hours but it goes quickly. Have your money (cash only) and order ready - you can see the menu through the front door.
#REVIEW#Such a good deal for a really flavorful meal! The bbq pork (char siu) is really no1  The crispy pork belly is amazing with the green onion oil sauce. Amazing lunch or dinner for $6!
#REVIEW#This was probably the best food decision I made since moving to the city! Delicious, authentic, and satisfying. I got the large roasted pork and duck over rice for $6.50. Both meats were extremely juicy and flavorful, and paired perfectly with the rice and cabbage. The portion size is enough for at least 2 meals, maybe 3. As previous reviews mentioned, the veggies were a bit lacking, but then I think about how having more veggies would mean less meat... and well, the current setup is definitely preferable and better value. This joint is definitely worth a visit to Chinatown!
#REVIEW#As a huge fan of roasted pork and duck, I love this place so much. I always get a mix of roasted pork and duck over rice and it's so delicious. It tastes so authentic and the price is unbeatable. There's always a long line, but it gets short pretty quickly so don't just walk away because of the line! It's a take out place and there's no seats inside, so I usually take it home and even if I eat some leftovers the next day by using the microwave, it's still sooo good!
#REVIEW#Wah Fung serves up an array of savory roasted meats over rice at wallet-friendly prices on the Lower East Side.this is a gritty fast-paced Chinese barbecue meats joint. there is no seating. Wah Fung is strictly a grab-n-go restaurant. the space is very small and worn-in. it has that old school New York feel. basically you get on line as there is always a small line that juts out the door bc the place is tiny. the line moves fast. the food? a delicious selection of Chinese comfort food. there are several choices of meat: roasted duck, roast pig (pork belly), barbecue pork (char sui), and roast chicken. the sizes are small ($4-$5ish) and large ($6-8). you can get one kind of meat, two meats, or three meats-- over rice and cabbage. the char siu (bbq Pork) + pork belly (roasted pig) are my go-to combo. yes, i am ODing on swine, but both are that good. the char sui is savory sweet and loaded with flavor. the pork belly is crispy fatty and meaty. the rice and cabbage soaks up the layers of flavor from the proteins and it makes for a satisfying meal. the small is ample if you're hangry or can be shared by two if you're looking for just a bite. the large is HUUUUGE. prices are low. the food is filling. tip: duck runs out, so go earlier in the day.there are so many public seating options in the area like the parks and gardens that you can grab food and eat "al fresco" aka outside. the staff is fast and efficient. they keep the line moving. make up your mind before you order as they don't have time for your q's or shenanigans. loldrops mic cuz i'm WAH FUNGING tonighti outzzz
#REVIEW#Not that this place needs another review... I'll make it sweet and simple.  Best grab-n-go meal and probably more so a great hangover food.  Loved the roasted pork dish, perfect portion with rice and delicious steamed cabbage, drizzled with their glaze sauce. Couldn't ask for more for its price. I don't eat duck so I can't vouch for it, but husband said it was delicious minus the hassle to eat as it had bones. But knowing my husband, he ate the meal with his bare hands in the park without gloves meant that the meal was worth getting his hands dirty.  Especially loved that we were picnicking in the park in front of Wah Fung with the Chinese grandmas and grandpas on their morning exercise as we dug into our meal.
#REVIEW#Recommend by my brother to try this place out. He said there's usually a super long line out the door. Luckily for me, the line was a bit shorter than usual. This place is the best place to buy a delicious, cheap and fulfilling meal. I ordered 2 small roast pork over rice to go, and it came out to be $8.50!!!! As I went home and chow down, it was surprisingly delicious for that cheap of a price. I'll definitely come back here when I'm craving for cheap and quick Chinese food!
#REVIEW#Best cheap meat-rice dish in Chinatown. The place speaks for itself, definitely worth checking out. JUST DO IT.
#REVIEW#For the price, it's worth 6 stars...6You get so much food for your money. I mean...it's not the tastiest or the cleanest, but if you're poor and hungry, this is the place to go.The duck as a little bland but the crispy roast pork was actually surprisingly good.
#REVIEW#THIS. RIGHT. HERE. IS. HEAVEN. TO. MY. MOUTH.Fast, Cheap, and Delicious!! Definitely not your typical tourist food when visiting NYC, but where I'm traveling from -- no good Asian food at all. So I was happy to come here eat!! When I arrive, there was a line. Maybe like 15 people ahead of me. Got my food in like 7mins. Very quick since everything is pretty much ready! I believe it's cash only, so have cash on you!I order the small pork with rice and veggies for $4.25. Honestly, it was a lot jam packed into a small container. My husband and I shared one because we were going on a food adventure throughout the day. But after eating that small, we immediately regretted not getting a large and getting full off of it because we think it's worth it! Hahah. It's savory, sweet and yummy. The best combination in the world. I wish I could go back and eat. My heart is crying for it. Haha.
#REVIEW#Cash onlyI ordered the small roasted pork duck chicken ($5) which was actually a lot more than I expected! They pack a small container to the top with rice, cabbage, and meat. I wanted to try all the meats and my favorite was the roasted pork. Even the cabbage is good and flavorful. There's no seating inside but there's a park across the street. On a beautiful day you can go outside and watch people do tai chi and just hanging out.For the price and the value you really can't beat this hole-in-the-wall gem in Chinatown.
#REVIEW#This spot has been in the places I wanted to go to for the longest time ever..but was always too lazy to make the trek down to Chinatown hehI went late afternoon and there was a short wait of 5 people in front of me. Just waiting outside was a dream as the scent of roast pork and duck just tantalizes you. I got their $4.25 (the price of one overpriced slice of pizza!!!) which came with your choice of meat (roast pork or chicken, I got both), white rice and veggies. Definitely one of the best cheap eats in NYC.
#REVIEW#Quick, Cheap, and Tasty. What more do you need? For just $5-$8 depending on what size food you want, you can get a whole meal's worth of delicious food. Don't be scared away by the line, the workers are incredibly efficient and you'll be there before you know it. If you are in the area, you MUST stop by here. They've received lots of publicity and are really famous for their roast pork which I highly recommend. Get the sauce on top too! Would definitely come here if I was in the area :) (Also it is not a sit down and eat place, it is a grab and go hence, fast food).Food: 5/5 Price: 5/5
#REVIEW#Wah Fung has been around for YEARS and it's quality has not declined over the years. It is definitely a no frills place; YOURE HERE FOR THE DELISH FOOD, NOT TO IMPRESS YOUR DATE. For only $4.25, you can get yourself a delicious serving of roasted bbq pork with veggies over rice. If you are feeling extra hungry, you can upgrade to a large for just $6.00 (talk about a deal!). This place is seriously amazing; cheap and delicious, it just can't be beat.This place has a variety of meats you can order at different prices (chicken, duck, pork). Take-out only, so no seating and cash only. No restrooms. Be careful of the weekend lines, because the line frequently goes out the door, but it moves relatively quickly. Because it is right across the street from the park, i recommend eating on the park benches during the warm weather.
#REVIEW#Apparently you can pay a small $4.25 for a mouthgasm. Came on a Friday afternoon and there was a line of around 8 people that moved fairly quickly. I ordered the pork over small rice and vegetables. The ratio of pork to rice to vegetables (sautéed cabbage) was 5:5:1, but the container was filled to the top and the two workers there were the no-frills kind of efficient. The roast pork was perfect, the rice was covered in some sort of sauce, and the cabbage was sparse but good. The place is cash only so remember to bring a $5.
#REVIEW#There is usually a long line here. I usually only eat here when the line is short. Nonetheless, they do serve food very fast so even with a long line, the wait isn't that long.The roast pork tastes really good. It has a sweet honey glaze on it which gives it that extra flavor that I don't think other restaurants have.It is also very very affordable and you eat your fill.They are generous with the meats and the side is white cabbage on a bed of rice. There are two sizes to choose from: small or large. I think for one person, the small is already plenty. I did get a large once and I'm not sure if it was just a bad day or what, but it didn't taste that good that one time (out of a few times) that I've gotten it.They also serve Cheung fun (steamed rice noodle roll) +/- fish balls with peanut sauce and soy sauce drizzled on top. To get this, you can completely skip the line and go inside to the back. Although you might get dirty looks because the tourists on the line just don't know about this, so they might think you're skipping the line.Btw, no seating here. Try eating it at the park across the street if there's space.Overall, this place is really good, but since I go to Chinatown so often, I usually just line up when the line is short. If you do want to try good char siu (roast pork) though, try it here. 4 stars - the food is good, but would only eat here if I were in the neighborhood. Would not go out of my way to eat here
#REVIEW#5 * for the price and the efficiency of how fast the line is. They will treat you nicer if you speak Cantonese so my husband does get good service because of that. It was close to closing time so most of the stuff is sold out. We got the BBQ Pork and the chicken only. The chicken wasn't that great and the barbecue Pork was not as salty and tender as I wanted. The hot sauce was not the oil hot sauce that I prefer. I still wanted to try to roast duck and the Roast pig with the crispy skin next time. Hopefully that would still have it and I would give another chance to try.
#REVIEW#My local friend took me here. It seems like to be a super popular place. A lot of people are making line for the food! I think the food is a kind of Canton food, probably called "siu mei". And the siumei here is actually much better than the one I had in Hong Kong  for my understandings, Siumei is one of the ways roasting the meat and make it very juicy and taste better. The meat are mostly chicken or duck. I order the meal with three type of meats and some vegetables. The only disadvantage of this place is that they do not offer place for dining. We have to take it out. But I don't think it compromised anything! And also, the food here is way too cheaper than I thought. Probably it is one of the few places in NYC where you can get a tasty meal with only 7-8 dollars
