#NAME#Shanghai Dumpling
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/shanghai-dumpling-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#shanghainese,dimsum#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Great soup dumplings! We ordered the soup dumplings, potstickers, preserved vegetable and pork noodle soup, and Shanghainese wonton noodle soup.Highly recommend the first three items. Shanghainese wonton noodle soup was a little disappointing.The environment is quite loud and it was a little bit hot today. Food was great!
#REVIEW#Shanghai Dumpling is a must for every time I visit New York!I love soup dumplings and this is the only place I go for them. Be aware that the soup is VERY hot when it comes out. Don't just take a big bite of the dumpling, because you will burn yourself. The trick is to put the dumpling on your spoon, put some sauce on it, take a little bite of the dumpling to get some soup out, and then enjoy the rest as it starts to cool down.If you're with a large group, I would suggest just starting off with 2-3 orders first, and then ordering more as you go so they can be hot and fresh.The other must get is the scallion pancakes. They are perfectly fried and crispy on the outside, and "chewy" on the inside. They come with a specific sauce as well. It looks similar to the soup dumpling sauce, but it is different (sweeter). Sometimes you have to ask for it. All of the other dishes I've tried are just okay, nothing super special. But definitely go for the soup dumplings!
#REVIEW#Weekend evening, waited in line for 20 min for 2 seats. Disorganzied seating system. Hostess sat many other parties before my 2 including party of twos. Seems like if you speak mandarin and get to her first then she'll seat you immediately... I ended up sharing a table with 6 other people with no obvious division to indicate that we were separate parties.Service 2/5. The attempt is made and I can see that they are busy but they lack communication amongst staff members.Water was terrible. I generally love tap water. Theirs was warm and had little bits of ice that were already on their way to dissolving while many cups lacked any ice.Sauteed green beans and pork soup dumplings 5/5 great price and tasty! Loved that they provided plenty of black vinegar though they were not generous with the ginger in the vinegar
#REVIEW#Shanghai Dumpling is located on the Little Italy side of Canal Street and boasts a large Shanghainese menu.  As to be expected by any Mott Street eatery, this place is boisterous, insanely crowded and really affordable.  Decor and service are distant secondary and tertiary thoughts but it's about the food right?The food here is IMO just so-so.  The soup dumplings here are pretty good - the soup is clear and doesn't have that much fat so it tastes pretty clean.  If you like a fattier soup, you might be disappointed.  The drunken chicken was decent and the portion was large.  The beef noodle soup though was subpar - bland soup and undercooked noodles.  Beef was cooked well and tender however.Overall, it's a decent place to eat and it's really affordable.  I still feel that if you really want a good Shanghainese meal though, you need to head to Queens.
#REVIEW#I came here early on a Sunday morning around 11:30. The place didn't start to get busy closer to 12. My friends and I came here for dumplings/baos and that is all we ordered. We had one of each of the Xiao long bao (pork and crab). The Xiao long bao were amazing. The crab flavored ones definitely had a significantly different flavor which is good compared to other restaurants where you pay more for crab but they taste exactly the same. The fried pork dumplings are also tasty and nice and crispy. To my surprise the fried buns also exceeded expectation. I usually find for a mantao kind of skin and fried bun, it's too much bread, but these were really good. Skip the spicy Szechuan wontons - those were incredibly average if not sub par. Nothing special about those, but all of the other sorts of dumplings are amazing!!
#REVIEW#Horrible customer service. During the whole dinner, no one came to check up on us or refill our water. When we were done, we were spotting around to ask for our check. There were 4 waiters and they just stared at us and then to each other to see who wants to go give us the check. People always told us this place had awful customer service, but we figured it was probably only that day. Unfortunately we experienced the same. It'll be our last time coming back.  The food wasn't as good as it sounded. The dumbing skin was very thick. We order the crab meat dumpling and there's wasn't much crab flavor to it. I would go to joe Shanghai for good dumplings. This place is also cash only.
#REVIEW#We ordered 3 set of dumplings! It took like 10-15 min.It tasted pretty good like how soup dumplings should!! Solid option. They have one bathroom so need to wait.Price came out to $7 per person. Pre average.
#REVIEW#Six hungry people walk into a bar on a Saturday night, get seated right away, eat and drink way too much, and pay way too little. That is the story of my Shanghai Dumpling experience in a nutshell.Pork soup dumplings are pretty decent and even addicting - we somehow managed to crush five orders of them. Shanghai style braised noodles taste much more exciting than they look - although they might appear boring at a glance, they are actually loaded with pork, chicken, shrimp, and plenty of flavor. The tender, juicy fried pork chops with salt and pepper were possibly my favorite part of the meal, although it might be a tie between the chops and the noodles (just get both). The Tai-Chi chicken actually did taste a little boring to me, but apparently not everyone at my table agreed with me on that.I've been to the notorious Joe's Shanghai, and I honestly thought that Shanghai Dumpling is just as good and actually reminded me of Joe's quite a bit, minus the at times long wait and and a few less tourists. I would definitely return and get my dumplings on again.
#REVIEW#So like OK for starters the food was phenomenal but there were like some super major issues with the backwards ethics of this establishment. I'm not here to teach caveman how to not offend progressive liberals like myself but let me just say that having only one bathroom, which is an accessible bathroom, and labeling it with a sign on the mirror that says "handicap" is an offense to God and culture. On behalf of the differently abled I've removed 3 stars from what would otherwise have been a 5 star experience.Good day gentlepeople. Britney's tip: load up on the peptobismolXOXO
#REVIEW#Solid choice for soup dumplings.Craving xiao long bao on a Saturday, we decided not to go to our usual soup dumpling place and give Shanghai Dumpling a try instead.The soup dumplings/xiao long bao are solid: we particularly enjoyed the pork and crab ones, as you can actually taste the crab, and the soup contains crab roe.The fried tiny buns with pork are also delicious: nice and fluffy on the outside, juicy and tasty on the inside. I totally loved these little things!Other items on the menu were just meh. The jellyfish was pretty uninspiring, and the seafood with rice cakes was a bit bland despite having scallop, shrimp, and crab meat.Stick to the soup dumplings and you won't be disappointed.
#REVIEW#Authentic Shanghai food for casual dining. I love the skin of both the steam dumplings and fried dumplings. The stuffing was okay, not very juicy. The price was quite cheap. I love this place.
#REVIEW#SO HAPPY I FOUND THIS PLACE! Their soup dumplings were so tasty, and dare I say even on par with Joe's??? Plus much cheaper. The hot and sour soup and string beans were really tasty and filling as well- all incredible! And for the price of $20, it was a steal!!!Note: like most places in Chinatown, cash only, so millennials beware and be prepared!!
#REVIEW#I guess the soup dumplings are the thing here? I missed out. The fried dumplings were good. Fried rice was average. Prices were pretty good but it gets brought down to a 3 from a 4 because our service was hella slow. And I'm told it normally moves quick. We tried to leave a less than optimal tip for less than optimal service and of course served complains haaaaa. BUT I'll come back for some soup dumplings
#REVIEW#Shanghai Cafe has reopened under a new name, "Shanghai Dumpling", and it is excellent. After hearing from many of my coworkers that this restaurant has "the best soup dumplings ever", I finally got a chance to try it today. Let me just say - it lived up to the hype. I highly recommend the Lo Mein Shanghai style, Seafood Pancake and of course, Soup Dumplings. They all tasted just a little bit better than neighboring restaurants, enough so that I would call this the quintessential Chinatown restaurant. Right down to the fact that they strangely served us hot tea in tall plastic soda cups (see picture).
#REVIEW#Came here with a group of 8+ people. Beware y'all..it's hot in here. I'm assuming it's from the steam but the air kicks in like every 5 mins to cool down. It's really good here and super cheap! I'd def wanna come back. It's a pretty quick service too...in and out. Also gets really packed no matter the time and i believe if you're in a party of 2 and the only table left are the big tables they'll put you at the big table along with another party. I'd def come back!
#REVIEW#This restaurant is a new reincarnation of Shanghai Cafe. The soup dumplings are the smaller variety, and they were pretty good, less greasy than Joe's but also less filled with soup. Overall not bad! We also got the salt and pepper fried prawns and stir fried rice cakes, which were also yummy! Also the staff here is extremely friendly, which is honestly a bit odd for Chinatown....
#REVIEW#This place was great and the service was so quick! The food was authentic and high quality. None of the options disappointed. The xiao long baos were just as good if not better than Joe's Shanghai and much more affordable. They come in 8 pieces and give you a deal of 2 orders for $12. The sichuan wontons weren't spicy, but came in a tasty sauce. I liked that all of the dumpling skins were thing and the fillings were flavorful. I would definitely go back! We didn't realize it was cash only and were planning to go to an ATM to take out money, but much to our surprise they took venmo! All around a great experience! Can't wait to try more of their menu options.
#REVIEW#Cash onlyBased on some recommendations, we decided to swing by here for some soup dumplings. My absolute favorite place is Shanghai 21 (previously known as Shanghai Manor). I was feeling a bit sick as well so decided to get a noodle soup. We also ordered the seafood pan fried noodles and a cold plate combo of jellyfish and spicy beef tendon. The soup dumplings were alright. My girlfriend liked the pork more than the seafood. I wasn't really a fan of either. If I were to rank them among the places in the area, it'd be Shanghai 21 - Shanghai Dumplings - Joe's Shanghai. The jellyfish was good, the beef tendon wasn't. It had no flavor at all. As for the soup, it wasn't what I was expecting. I ordered the Shanghai noodle soup (chicken/beef/shrimp) and was expecting the soy chicken you normally get from authentic Chinese places. This was definitely not it. It was basically your take out cuts of meat thrown into the soup (sauce and all....), so think take out chicken/beef/shrimp broccoli with the brown sauce on top of the noodle soup. I was quite surprised.. The pan fried noodles was probably the best thing we ordered there. Overall, if you're looking for a take out place mixed in with some authentic Chinese dishes, this would probably be a good option for you. But if you're looking for some authentic Chinese cuisine, I'd stay away. Dishes were pretty cheap though, so there's that. For everything we got, it was about $46 before tip.
#REVIEW#Love the dumplings here. Service is quick. This restaurant has been here for a long time. It small and a gem to me in Chinatown. It is one of my favorite that I have ever been too as they are very consistent with their soup dumplings.
#REVIEW#UPDATE: went back after renovation! The food is horrible... We ordered a kau fu and 2 pork soup dumplings and it was the nastiest thing I have ever tasted... the meat in the soup dumplings were slimy and mushy. The kau fu had a rubber texture and no taste. Will never be going back again... 100% tourist trap!
