#NAME#Salinas
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/salinas-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#spanish,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#Wow!! This spot had us at 'hello'. From the minute we walked in, we were absolutely enthralled. The hostess Victoria was very gracious and attentive. We chose this spot for our 4 year anniversary and couldn't be happier with our choice! The dining spaces were intimate and very romantic yet flowed perfectly from one room to the next. We sat at the bar because we arrived early. The bartender Garrett was amicable and very knowledgeable. He recommended the most delicious cocktails! We were very excited to be seated in the rear dining area that was adorned with candles and beautiful roses. The fireplace and gorgeous blue velvet banquettes added to the romantic atmosphere. Thanks to the owners Donald and M.C for accommodating us with the most wonderful table! The maitre 'd Daniel was amazing! What a lovely and gregarious young man! He spent time talking to us and sharing his worldly knowledge. The food was outstanding!! The inventive tapas was beyond our imagination. We would recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone!! The staff were attentive, kind, knowledgeable and made us feel at home! I have been writing professional restaurant reviews for over a decade for notable Long Island magazines and this one is top of my list! Thank you to EVERYONE who made our anniversary even that much more special!! We cannot wait to come back!!
#REVIEW#This place is very pretty and has good ambience but the service is unforgiving. We showed up 1min after the 15min rule on the reservation and they refused to seat us. The restaurant was half empty and there was no one else there in line or waiting. We said that we would eat quickly and skip dessert if they needed the table for someone after us but they would not budge. I have been here a few times before and the experience was ok. The food is not great but the pictures are very nice and there are tons of roses every where (which is great for dates). Given the price point though, it is pretty bad deal. Given the incredibly bad service, the blah food, the high price, and the fact that this is a NYC with tons of better options near by (e.g cookshop), I am adding this restaurant to my black list of places to every go to again!
#REVIEW#I can't believe I haven't written a review for Salinas yet. It's gorgeous.Food: 4/5; Atmosphere: 5/5; Service: 4/5Good for: dates, dinners to impress without spending *too* muchAtmosphere: 5It's so positively gorgeous in there. You'd never suspect from the outside, but when you walk in you find yourself in a wood paneled, dimly lit corridor. As you advance into the restaurant, the main dining room is filled with the prettiest live floral arrangements. It feels really intimate and romantic. Food: 4It's tapas, but the flavors are a little non-traditional. The pricing is a little high for tapas.- Pulpo con palomitas: A long piece of octopus that's covered in black ink sauce and a crunchy topping. A unique spin on a traditional dish.- Croquetas cremosas: They have different croquettes each time, but they're always creamy and delicious. Not too rich.- Llauna: This is my favorite rice dish here. The duck and the rice overall are so well seasoned and delicious.- Bravas: Hard to mess this up.- Anchoas jardinera: Small, but yum.- Chuleton: Steak is good, it's not super standout. Sometimes steak is just steak. Delivers on what you'd expect.
#REVIEW#Very cute cozy tapas place! You should ask if outside seating is available, it is super adorable especially nice summer day.We had reservation but needed to wait a bit since our table wasn't ready and we asked to be seated outside. Their service was friendly, professional and attentive but not too much. I love their decor, comfortable seating, fresh roses, fire place and candles add very romantic and intimate feeling to the dining experience.We had octopus and sardine for appetizer and popular popcorn crusted octopus didn't disappoint me. For main course we had cod and seafood rice and both of them were soooo good!!Overall I loved the experience there and I will definitely go back there!
#REVIEW#Overall, we had a fairly disappointing meal at Salinas.  Immediately, we were at a disadvantage, being led to a table in the bar, rather than the gorgeous room with the retractable roof.  I guess we didn't look "swanky" enough, which in NYC has nothing to do with your dress, but more to do with your hip quotient.  I am too old to look hip in the city.  I apologized to my wife because ten years ago we would be treated like celebrities.The kitchen was closing at 9:30, yes, even in NYC, and the staff was rushing to clean up.  This should never be tolerated.  Servers and staff shouldn't start cleaning up until the last patron has left.  I demanded that in my restaurants. Food was okay, but not memorable.  Our rice dishes were bland, but at least my wife's dish arrived in a traditional Paella pan.  My rice dish was slopped together on a plate.  That being said, the food was okay until the bill arrived:$219.00 for two appetizers, two entrees, bread, two cocktails and two glasses of wine.  That's Michelin star Paris dining prices folks! Yikes!  The room is pretty, perfect for a date, but at those prices there are one hundred better choices in New York.
#REVIEW#Came here for the second time. Really like the ambiance here, intimate and delicate. My favorite dish is of course the paella... though the portion here is smaller compared to other paella places, but the taste is more special and savory. Definitely worth the try. The dry cured meat and cheese is amazing here!! Spain is famous for ham, and Salinas definitely offers the best of the best with no doubt.
#REVIEW#So many words come to mind when I think about my meal at Salinas. From the minute you step inside, you are greeted by a smiling face and beautiful imported Ecuadorian roses. The restaurant is thoughtfully laid out with a hallway near the entrance, which decreased foot traffic and noise and gives diners near the front of the restaurant a better experience.We were seated in the back dining room, which was perfectly intimate. Seated along the wall in the dimly light dining room, I noticed there were small lights directly over our table shining directly in front of each diner, to aid in reading of the menu and to see our food in all its glory. The attention to detail here is, as you can probably already guess, phenomenal.Service was equally delightful. All the waitstaff were professional and friendly, attentive but not overbearing. At one point, I got up from my table to use the restroom. A gentleman who might've been the manager asked if he could help with anything, and then walked me all the way there (in the front hallway). Seriously, the staff here treat you like royalty.Now on to the food and drink. We had a few cocktails, the La Lupita and the El Club Del Desayuno, both of which were refreshing and mixed well. For food, we had 6 tapas; my favorites were the scallop and steak skewer (a special menu item) and a lamb shank dish served in a martini glass with a side of fried wonton skin. The serrano ham, machego cheese, and mussels special were also really tasty. Ironically, the very popular popcorn-crusted octopus dish didn't wow me; I found the sauce to be too salty and the popcorn didn't do anything for me. And finally, the Fideos Negros (squid ink vermicelli) was nice and creamy, but stained your lips and teeth.All in all, I absolutely adored Salinas, and will definitely be back for another delightful meal!
#REVIEW#Romantic atmosphere and great food. Loved the rice dish which is huge. Kind of like paella but more crispy and imo more flavorful. Everything here was great!
#REVIEW#I really liked this place!! A cute little tapas spot in Chelsea that would be excellent for a date night as I'd definitely describe the ambiance as 'romantic' - super cozy, dimly lit with lots of candles.The service was great and the food was delicious! I recommend ordering one of their rice dishes. When I ate here they were out of the one rice dish we really wanted to try, which was a little annoying. However, the portions sizes are not small! We took the servers suggestion and ordered 2 rice dishes, 1 main and 4 appetizers/sides and weren't able to finish all our food, so we definitely could've done with less. The only downside was that alot of the food was definitely salter than I would've liked. The prices are pretty standard for NYC, nothing too crazy. Overall, great spot for a date or girls night with excellent food and service!
#REVIEW#I had a terrible first impression of Salinas from trying to make a reservation a few years back and being met with nothing but snootiness. I decided to give it one more try for my birthday, and...It never quite redeemed itself.Yes, the decor is lovely and super IG-able. The service is okay. The food...hit or miss.Llauna - Just okay. Rice was undercooked, duck was overcookedPollo al Carbón - The chicken was dryRainbow Cauliflower - GreatPadrones y Frambuesa - Not bad, but a bit too much going on for just shishito peppersPanceta con castañas - Probably the best dish of the night--the pork belly was well done
#REVIEW#I don't usually leave reviews but the owner here absolutely disrespected my entire family for literally staying 5 minutes over our reserved time (2.5 hours, 15 people,  $2700). He turned the music up in our room after we asked the waitresses multiple times to turn it down during our speeches for my cousins' wedding rehearsal. He continued to open the door after I personally shut it twice.At exactly 8:30 (the ending time of our res), he just stands in our room, staring us all down while we're finishing up speeches (family members flew out from Korea for this wedding). When my dad complained to him, he followed my dad outside and argued with him in front of my entire family. Terrible service. So disrespectful. Wish I could rate it 0 stars.
#REVIEW#Good for date. Environment is good. I would recommend reserve the seat in advance, especially for the weekend. We ordered the lamb, squid, pork belly, the chef special croquette, and the duck rice.
#REVIEW#My daughter's wedding dinner was hosted here. The food was amazing. The entrées were tasteful well presented and delectable. My favorite was the roasted chicken, salmon and potatoes.
#REVIEW#New York City has no shortage of restaurants, but Salinas truly stands out amongst one of the best.They are a small restaurant and are very popular, so you should make a reservation. Remember to arrive on time, because they give your table away after 15 minutes. This happened to me but luckily someone else also came late so they gave me their table.The menu is innovative and delicious. I tried the chicken and the duck paella and both were amazing. The decor is beautiful as well with fresh flowers. The service was good. I highly recommend this restaurant.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner with my fiancé and our friend in the middle of the week, and though we liked everything we ate, we found it a bit overpriced for the food.We shared the following items:Shisito peppers - I find these hard to mess up, and they did a fine job with these.  Meat and cheese platter - overall felt fresh and came with nice accompaniments Steak - while good and basically almost all medium rare, I think this was too expensive for a Spanish tapas restaurantPallela - a nice size portion and overall vey tasty Patas bravas - I love these generally verywehre I get themWe also ordered several other things I don't remember but did enjoy (see pictures)Overall, would probably come back but want to try out other options in the area first
#REVIEW#This is closer to a 3.5 stars, but decided to give it 3 instead of 4 for the following reasons I'll list out later in the review. We had early dinner reservations on Saturday and was quickly seated when we arrived. The ambiance of the restaurant is great and it looked like the restaurant was comprised of several small rooms. We were seated in a round booth in the room with the bar. For dinner, we ordered the llauna (duck + sausage rice) and the crispy suckling pig special. Both were pretty good but I found the portions were somewhat smaller than I was expecting. Additionally, the rice to be too salty and the pig was really hard to eat (it was difficult to cut, etc). Food was overall pretty good but I thought it was extremely overpriced for what it was, so I don't see the value there.What was also extremely annoying is that in the round booth we were sat in, the height of the table was way too high for how low the seats were. This may sound like a small detail but not kidding when I say my arms are still sore the next day from having to raise my arms so high for the entirety of the meal to reach the plate. It honestly somewhat ruined the entire dinner because I was never completely comfortable during the meal and my arms definitely hurt by the end of it. I'm also of average height and my boyfriend had the same issue, so I don't think this was a problem just for us. Overall - if the food wasn't so overpriced for what it was and if we were seated in a more comfortable location I probably would have given this 4 stars.
#REVIEW#It's a shame, the food is fantastic and the space is gorgeous...unfortunately the rigid reservations policy and all the rules and regulations are a real turn off. New York has too many great restaurants, with amazing food, to operate in such an inhospitable manner. Get over yourselves, run a welcoming and flexible operation and maybe you'll stay in business.
#REVIEW#Pricey, but the food is excellent and the ambience is lovely. We sat in the "outdoor" area and it was just beautiful. I had the non-alcoholic mango drink, then tried:+ croquettes (these were a special)+ multicolor cauliflower+ octopus (special)+ bravas (crispy potatoes)+ berenjena gratinat (grilled eggplant)+ arroz brut a la plancha (rice cake with lamb)+ silver hake+ suckling pig+ chocolate y pistachos (chocolate pistachio tartine)Each dish was beautifully presented and tasted amazing. I particularly loved the cauliflower, bravas, eggplant and suckling pig. Definitely one of the best spots in the area for a delicious and inventive meal.
#REVIEW#This is the second time I've been to Salinas and it is just as gorgeous as I remember! The ambience emotes a romantic, intimate vibe and the beautiful roses really add to that feeling. We got lucky and were seated in the Garden room - unfortunately it was raining so we were not able to take advantage of the retractable glass roof, but it was so lovely anyway! In regards to the service, the waitstaff were really incredible. Extremely attentive and were very agreeable to any and all of our requests. They were very knowledgeable and were even able to answer my questions about the roses in the restaurant. We tried 4 dishes: the panceta con castañas (pork belly), the pulpo con palomitas (octopus), the paella de fiesta, and the chocolate y pistachios for dessert. The pork belly and octopus were the stars of our experience. Both were plated beautifully and tasted even better! We were surprised and impressed with the popcorn coating on the octopus and ate every bite. The paella de fiesta was decent, it had lots of lobster/octopus/squid but in retrospect I might have tried one of the other ones. Lastly, the dessert was the perfect bite to end the perfect meal!Would highly recommend for a special occasion or date. I will definitely come back as soon as possible!
#REVIEW#Made a reservation for sat night at 6:45 for 4 people - turned up on time and was advised rather curtley that my reservation had been cancelled as we didn't confirm by 4:30 today. They didn't call They suggested we could have a table for an hour but had to leave on timeUnprofessional , pretentious and frankly rudeWon't be going back and suggest no one else does
