#NAME#The Smith
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-smith-new-york-7?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is probably my favorite place for brunch in the city. They have locations uptown and downtown. My friends and I put in a reservation the morning of and changed the time a few times. Thinking we would have had to wait because of the constant changes, we were shocked to find out that they already had a table set for us! How accommodating. We were also coming back from a trip so we had heavy bags on us and they have a mini coat check situation by the front. Our server was amazing and very patient with us, he refilled our water twice before we decided on appetizers! Crazy. We ordered the calamari to start (5/5 Amazing), followed by The Smith Burger w Fries, Steak w Fries and Garlic Butter, and the Short Rib Ragu Cavatelli. Everything came out super quick for how packed it was and it all looked and tasted amazing. Their ketchup was good too, sheesh. The food is simply amazing and we will be back to try the rest of what they have to offer! Brunch is also no joke.
#REVIEW#Great meal. We came here and just loved the whole thing. We really wanted to order more than we did, but it a couple days before pride and dad bod can only go so far. The stand outs were the chips. We also got the salmon and the pork chop, which were both great. Our server was great, but nothing remarkable took food order came back checked left, really didn't talk with us or make us feel at home, but it wasn't that kind of place it felt like. My wine that I got was the Txakolina on tap, and it was great. It paired well with my salmon. Also, not too many places do wine on tap so it was great.
#REVIEW#I felt special so I got the special of the day (it's really just because I'm indecisive) and I don't think I've ever had a more satisfying spicy tuna sandwich. It had salad on the side, aioli drizzled perfectly over the buns (my friend got it on whole wheat bread), and oh my goodness the tuna itself was kissable. Funny story, ordered the Burrata, was going to take a bite before taking a picture.... then subsequently FORGOT to take a picture cause it was so. Dang. Good. Get that burrata. It'll elevate your life. Docked a star from this shop because they didn't really pay attention to my table. Had to ask three times for more bread. And, couldn't find a server to help me when I needed water. Also, took them 15 minutes to take the check from us after we clearly put a card on the tab. It wasn't the worst -- they weren't trying to be rude. But, at the moment, we felt pretty ignored by the waitstaff. Hopefully it was just me who had that experience!!
#REVIEW#We were heading to an early dinner at a pizza place we found online a few blocks from our hotel when we noticed this spot. When we learned the pizza place didn't open for another hour we returned and had drinks and apps. After returning to the pizza place we realized we should have stayed here for dinner. The vibe of the place is laid back and cool without being too hipster for a 40+ year old like myself. The building and the setup was nice. Especially liked the open windows out onto the street. The place was busy so we asked if we could grab a table in the bar for drinks and apps. They honestly informed us the tables were reserved but not for another hour+. If we were cool with the time limit we could have a table by the window. Done. I appreciate the honesty and the offer as many places will just tell you no. We had the meatballs, the mozzarella and the shishitos. The first two were amazing. Can't wait to return and have them again. The third was ok, but it's early in the season for shishitos and they weren't bad, just not as good as the other dishes. My wife had a Moscow Mule and loved it. I had a local IPA from Other Half that was good. We might go back for dinner before we leave town. The place was that good. Check it out.
#REVIEW#Delicious. Siscilian eggs delicious and a unique breakfast experience. Definitely filled the belly well
#REVIEW#Brunch at The Smith did not disappoint. I had a reservation at 2pm. We arrived at 1:30 and were seated immediately. The food was good. Nice size portions; could barely eat it all. We all ordered the French toast with a bunch of sides - bacon, home fries, sausage, and jalapeno cheddar grits! So so good. The French toast were huge and honestly I probably wouldn't order them again. The crust was hard/slightly burnt, and though it was tasty I wasn't crazy about them. All the sides were get-in-my-belly good lol. We ordered bellinis for our "brunch drink" which gave me a headache, but it was cool.The environment is fun and upbeat and the service was fast, friendly, and attentive. Perfect NYC spot for brunch with friends and/or family.
#REVIEW#YUMMY!!! Found this place on a Monday morning. One of the very few that were open around 10AM to eat. Clean. Bathroom was cute, it had s large old school shared sink for men and women. Beer was delish. Pancakes were good, altho i'm not a fan of pecan syrupThe Ranchero breakfast was okay. The waffle maybe tasted like blueberries and was sitting ontop of refried beans. That part was nasty, but the egg, salsa and avocado were filling and good.We got 2 little biscuits for the wait... now those were SOOOOO good.I would come back!
#REVIEW#This is a solid dinner spot. I had the filet with brussel sprouts. The steak was good and the brussel sprouts were also good, very citrus-y.The processo was pretty good too. We had the calamari app to start, sauce would be better on the side, it became soggy very quickly.The waitress was very inattentive but it's a very busy spot on a Saturday so I understood.I had the toffee cake for desert and this was a shining star! You have to try it. Decadent, flavorful and just delicious
#REVIEW#Had an overall positive experience here at The Smith. Came here after some friends finished their cycling session, so I bet everyone was starving. We had a party of 8 and were seated promptly, true to our reservation. There were no issues with our party size or space.Setting - The restaurant is very spacious and it is definitely able to hold large parties.Food:The fried calamari was okay. Nothing bad about it but also wasn't anything ground breaking. The Burrata appetizer was likewise.I had the Kale and Quinoa Salad with added steak as my entree. I enjoyed the salad a lot. It was flavorful and the quinoa was cooked well to compliment the Kale. The steak tasted fine as well. My only complaint about the steak is that I wished it wasnt cut up into cubes when added to my salad. If I'm paying the same amount for added steak as an actual steak entree, then I want to see my whole steak and how much I'm getting. Taste was good, but wish it was presented better.
#REVIEW#Super second experience at this location.Tried them a year or so ago for a dear friends birthday celebration for brunch and then again tonight for dinner.Their menu is vast with many selections to choose from. Each time it was tough to narrow down, but when I do it has always pleased or been better than images. The chef(s) here definitely have winning recipes and the flavors that they advertise is definitely received. Even when jumping out of my non-mushroom liking self, tonight I had started with a taste of the mushroom empanadas. The jalapeno creme sauce is to die for, mixes nicely with the herbs/spices that is in their mushroom filling, where you hardly taste the type of mushroom they used...so good for me...makes it edible.I moved on to paring a glass of Cabernet Franc with a braised short rib pasta dish. The braised Short rib was juicy and very flavorful. Mix that with their pasta, light sauce, parmesan cheese and you have a delectable dish that you finish all the way to the end.Didn't save enough room for dessert, but if I did have the time and tummy space, would have gone for the Lemon sorbet palette cleanser, as when questioning the waitress on the two other interesting flavors: pear or Fuji apple, she strongly agreed that the lemon had the burst if flavor anyone would desire, verses other two. I love honesty like that, as it reminds me of the waitress I use to be as a more youthful young lady.Second option would have been a try of their dark chocolate Pecan pie for something sweet and different.Maybe next time I go I will save some room to try their dessert menu. All in all I highly recommend this local as they aim to please and have done so each time with ease.
#REVIEW#5/5, every time- The Smith is my go-to..my top pick and my fall back when in doubt! I can't think of a time I didn't like my food... I absolutely love the atmosphere, the consistent excellent service and quality of food! As usual started with the hot chips (my favorite) with blue cheese sauce that is very mild- it's the perfect amount of cheesy. May of my friends who don't love blue cheese love this dip! We then ordered the mussels and seared tuna salad. The mussels are huge and come with crispy fries- the best! The salad was perfect and had a citrus flavor that was so refreshing and delicious. I'd encourage anyone to go! I just wish they would bring back the original cheese burger (it was 2 thin patties, pickles, mayo, ketchup, LTO) ... still so sad it's off the menu :(
#REVIEW#We have been to the midtown East restaurant a few times, but never to this one. This one seemed a little bigger and not so noisy, which is a good thing. Our meals were all very tasty. We started out with the mushroom empanadas. They had a really nice jalapeño cream sauce to eat over them. There were three on the serving.   A few of us had various dinner salads, while others had the brick chicken, salmon, and tagliatelle basil pasta. All entrees were fantastic. I personally had the salmon. It came on a bed of really nice mixed vegetables. The salmon was really thick and juicy.   For dessert we tried the strawberries and cream and s'mores in a jar. Both were really good and would highly recommend.  The strawberries and cream were really light. Not sure if worth the price though.  The only improvement to recommend was that drink orders were a little slow coming out.
#REVIEW#Great food and atmosphere! The avocado toast and the mac & cheese were the best things we ordered. The pancakes were fluffy and delicious as well, it literally tasted like cake! Service and coffee could definitely improve though.
#REVIEW#Came with coworkers after hearing that the mac and cheese was epic. Did not disappoint! Some of the best mac I have ever had!The prime burger was really good too, and quite large. The toppings on it were perfect - bacon shallot marmalade, crispy onions, cheddar and TSB sauce. Fries were perfectly crispy. They have Sir Kensington's condiments on the table.Everything on their menu looks so tempting it was hard to make a decision. Need to go back, and soon...
#REVIEW#The food is great but the service needs improving They drop the food and walked away did bother to come around to check if everything is okay
#REVIEW#WowThis place is great for so many reasons5 stars forServiceFoodUnique offeringFree sparkling water Service again because it was that goodWe had the Sicilian cauliflower which is lightly breaded than served with raisins and a light balsamic glaze as an appetizer that came flying out of the kitchen fast!They dropped 2 bottles of water on the table, one sparkling and one tap and replaced them several times over the course of an hour or soFor mains we had a burger and 2 different salads. I would say the kale salad is one of the best i have ever had, really good and highly recommend We also enjoyed the house made ginger beer that was very fresh and refreshing I am glad that we stopped for lunch $110 or so for 3 with tip not bad
#REVIEW#I can't wait to return!! The food really exceed my expectations. I ordered the short rib Saturday special which came with a brussel sprout spazzle. The meat was perfect. It fell apart as slid my fork through it and it was absolutely delicious. Didn't even need to cut any fat off of it, it was all meat.The servers were also very knowledgeable about the food which was great because of the keto folks at my table. I can't wait to return to try something new.
#REVIEW#Quite disappointed with the food at this location. Service was great, but the food was subpar. Came on a Saturday for lunch around 3pm and was seated quickly. My favorite item on the menu is The Smith burger and I had bought my SO to try for his own. However, The Smith burger at this location was subpar. From what I remember, The Smith burger was supposed to be the perfect combination of tanginess from the TSB sauce and kick from the pickles coupled with the saltiness from the white cheddar and the crunchiness of the crispy onions without overpowering the beef taste of the burger patty. In spite of that, this burger was disappointing. The batter on the onions was incredibly thick that it was hard and inedible. It felt as if the onions had been fried beforehand (perhaps in a large batch) and had been reheated when placed on my burger. My SO fries were also disappointing. It was not crispy at all and kind of sad looking. Service was great. The waitress was friendly and attentive. All in all, I probably will not be returning to this location.
#REVIEW#Having gone to the Smith by Lincoln Center in the same week, I had something to compare to. Honestly, the location is great, but the service is just meh. Everyone seemed to have a little bit of attitude. Guess the place was real busy on Saturday, but still... it wasn't what I'd expected. The food is a little bit overpriced and doesn't have a great service to make up for it. For all I know, a friend of mine loved this place and we all went out just the other night so I decided to take other friends to try it, too, but just not the same location. Minus the okay service, I liked my fluffy waffles. My friend ordered French toasts and caramelized bacon which actually was way too sweet he couldn't even finish it. My other friend ordered Avocado toast with scrambled eggs and she seemed to like hers. My husband also ordered French Toast and sausages and he was pleased with his meal. I didn't really like my coffee. It looked as if it'd been sitting out for awhile that you could tell. My friend who ordered cappuccino felt the same about hers. Oh well, it seemed like this experience was just 50/50. The bill for 4 people came out around $150 which was quite pricey for brunch. To be honest, we wouldn't mind paying that much if the food was excellent along with great service. I guess we would just have to continue our search for a great brunch place. If you're there for brunch, I would recommend Buttermilk Waffles, blueberry compote and citrus mascarpone though because that's what I had and I liked it. Skip the coffee though if you can. There are great coffee places nearby.
#REVIEW#I don't know what happened to this place, I've always been impressed with the brunches at the Lincoln Square location.  Had the grilled chicken sandwich here for lunch and it was really insulting.  I mean the chicken was tiny and overcooked with nothing else inside the sandwich aside from sauce.  Did they think they could really charge $18 for basically bun with a few bites of chicken?  C'mon people.  I should've photographed this but I was too put off by the whole situation.
