#NAME#Dons Bogam BBQ & Wine Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/dons-bogam-bbq-and-wine-bar-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,bbq,wine_bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Stopped by dinner with friends. This place is my favorite go to place and every time I visited in NY, I went to this place for korean bbq. I made reservation at 9pm for my friends. They wanted eat korean bbq and they wanted try where I used go for eat bbq. also one of my friend birthday. We ordered beef sashimi, ddukbbokki for appetizer and set of prime beef, wine pork belly, kimchi soup also soda and three glass of wine. Beef sashimi(2/5)-I didn't try this cuz I couldn't eat raw beef but my friends said too strong sauce tasted and sweet. If less sauce taste and less sweet it would better taste.Ddukbbokki(3.5/5)-this is one of my favorite appetizer at this place but little sweeter than before. Set of prime beef(3.5/5)- I wasn't sure I went to wrong day. They beefs were not good as before but marinated boneless short rib beef was amazing soft and tender also marinated enough. Pork belly(5/5)-I never disappointed their pork belly. My friends were love their pork belly then prime beefs. You don't try pork belly yet at this place, you must try.Kimchi soup(5/5)-their kimchi soup was outstanding. Definitely the best in the area. Kimchi soup will make you want to eat more rice. I didn't know how to express their kimchi soup. You can know what I meant if you try this!!!!Service(5/5)-this place every workers were perfect. They're super duper kindly and sweethearts. I couldn't complain anything their service. This place point is that. Foods great and service was fantastic. Even if they're busy they will serve you well. I requested them to my friend birthday cake and they served our cake on time even they're busy. I really appreciated that. They're from LA and korean bbq restaurants a lot in LA as you know. It's not easy for me to took them to korean restaurant. But my friends said service was better than LA and they shocked how they were friendly. Thank you all~
#REVIEW#Food was good.  We order the top of the line meat special dinner for two, and I have to say...I thought there would be more meat.We grabbed a beer up front while we waited for the table, and they had Kwak!  My favorite.  But, for some bizarre reason, I could not order another at the table.  To get a second and 3rd, we had to get up from the table walk to the front of the restaurant order and pay for each one and then take it back to the table.  Not customer-centric.Also, for some reason, when they clear the tables they bring out a big bin and dump all the dishes.  I've worked in restaurants and you only use a big-ass bin at the end of the night after the customers have left.  Not right.
#REVIEW#Had dinner at Dons Bogam BBQ & Wine Bar on Sunday evening. High quality food, excellent service, and a fun experience.Quality: Dons Bogam BBQ & Wine Bar is a solid Korean BBQ restaurant. With a good sized group we were able to sit around a grill and watch the delicious and tender meat cook in front of us. We enjoyed multiple BBQ Platters as well as an assortment of other smaller items included a Haemul-Pajeon (Seafood Pancake) and Yukhoe (Steak Tartare). Tasty food all around.Quantity: We ordered a ton of food, yet somehow found a way to finish.Value: $80 to $100 for BBQ Platters with plenty of individual options between $30 and $50.Ambiance: Dons Bogam BBQ & Wine Bar is located in Koreatown, Manhattan. The restaurant is quite large with standard tables towards the front and larger grill tables towards the back. The decor is simple and modern, and the music quiet and calming. A good place for a group meal that also is relatively kid friendly.Crowd: We came for an early dinner, and the restaurant was quiet when we entered. However, as the evening went along a few other groups and families popped in.Service: The staff was incredible. They made sure that our table always had what was needed. Friendly and efficient, they seemed to know what was needed before we did.Parking: Do not expect to find easy parking.
#REVIEW#We celebrated my cousin's birthday here and it was awesome!  The seating was different, you have to step down into your seat, not really easy to get out of especially with larger groups.  We ordered a variety of things and cooked them to our own liking at the table.  Everything was delicious!!
#REVIEW#I came here again for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and we had another great experience.  It's a pretty big space which is nice.  It's kind of difficult to sit, especially for older people as you need to climb down into the booth; so getting up is a whole other issue. My poor boyfriend's parents were struggling lol. I really enjoy the whole experience of them cooking for you, in front of you and telling you what they're making, what to pair it with, etc.  All the food is super good and there is so much of it! It's a bit pricey but well worth it!
#REVIEW#Went here after a Broadway show and it was wonderful! Really authentic food. My only complaint was the tables. They have four legs and they put them together. I didn't realize when I was sitting down and banged my knee very badly on the middle leg of the table. Just be careful when sitting down.
#REVIEW#Food is fine, but when we got the bill, we found they charged us 20% tips and it is MANDATORY. We cannot change it, the worse is they calculate the tips after tax, which means we also pay tips to tax.
#REVIEW#I've visited Dons twice now and can honestly say it is the best quality, taste and service I've ever experienced. We made reservations for 2 people over the phone a few weeks in advance since you can only reserve a table online for at least 4 people. The restaurant host was very friendly when we made our reservation and when she called to confirm on the day of. When we arrived we were greeted, offered coat check and then seated at a table with legless chairs. Not sure how to describe that correctly but ladies, just a heads up.. you have to hike your legs up over a short wall to get into the table. Little weird when you're wearing a dress. After reviewing the menu, we decided to go for the house made grapefruit Soju (dangerous and delicious), Prime Rib Beef Platter (omg, yum) and babe got ambitious and impulsively ordered the Pork Belly (we hardly touched it since there were just 2 of us and it was soooo much food). Once you order they turn on your grill and then start bringing small sides for the meats. Would definitely suggest asking what some of the things are if you don't know much about Korean foods. Otherwise you'll be saying "wow, this thing tastes amazing" for the whole meal. Loved the kimchi vegetables and the fried seaweed. Pro tip: The seaweed sprinkled on top of the rice was recommended by our waiter and was such an amazing combination!This is not a place where you cook the meats yourself. Your waiter and other members of their team will arrange meats on your grill to make sure everything is cooked to perfection! We absolutely loved the marinated prime rib. My mouth is watering just remembering it sizzling on the grill. Take advantage of all the different flavors available to you on your table. Make lettuce wraps. Use the special salt and sauce. It's a party in your mouth!Love Dons Bogam and plan to visit again next time I'm in New York.
#REVIEW#For my 2018 birthday brunch, my friends organized Korean BBQ for brunch. I wasn't familiar with the place but friends have been there and enjoyed their previous experiences.Upon arriving on Sunday noon, we were ushered in nicely to our table. As soon as everyone arrived, staff attended to us nicely and gave us just enough time to go through all the options for BBQ while they setup the grill at the table. Their soju was good and strong while the various meat platters we chose were all tender and delicious. They actually grilled the meat in front of us and we enjoyed watching the process and eating a lot of delicious korean side dishes provided. What I personally loved was the hot soup and delicious stir fry korean noodles Yep, for long life! Pretty pricey but seems worth the experience. Grate for the birthday love and treat.
#REVIEW#Let me tell you. I've eaten in some of the finest (and expensive) restaurants in NYC. And I get more pleasure eating at Don's than anywhere else. The food is great, the service wonderful...just a great place. I'm talking about the 32nd Street location. I like everything from fast food, local, and good. I'm getting an operation tomorrow and could get anything (could be my last meal, lol), and I chose Don's. It's great!
#REVIEW#I like this place. Service is good and food is reasonably priced (although I wouldn't call this place cheap). Came here on a Friday night with 6 people. The place was packed, but we made a reservation. I ordered a steam egg and green tea naengmyun. I don't particularly like their green tea naengmyun, but I keep getting it - not sure why. Maybe I am stillholding out hope since most other places have stopped serving it as winter approaches. They have another restaurant (black) close by which looks a little more high end. I also went there to get the green tea naengmyun, and it tasted the same as the one here.Steamed egg is always SOLID and only 3.95 (as I recall). The shrimp shumai is pretty good as well. It comes in a serving of 6, which was perfect for a party of 6!Again, I was a big fan of the service. The waiter kept checking up on us, giving us more side dishes, and continuously giving us more rice as we needed it. Great place with lively atmosphere.
#REVIEW#This place was pretty good!! For 2 on a Monday night, we were seated right away even though the place was pretty crowded. Services was fast, and our server made some recommendations, one of which we took. They brought the side small plates out, with the various items very quickly. The one awkward thing is that your seat is sort of "in the ground" to mimic sitting on the floor, and the servers walk around above putting stuff on the table. We ordered the marinated beef platter (spicy marinated short ribs, marinated rib eye, marinated short ribs, and mushrooms). Everything was really good! I liked this place so much I ordered delivery at my apartment later in the week. I'm fortunate they deliver to my address, I'll keep coming back! Overall solid experience.
#REVIEW#The food here is expensive and mediocre. I came here on Monday during lunch and the restaurant was empty. We were greeting by unenthusiastic workers. The space itself was nice and clean. They don't have bbq specials during lunch. We ordered the 5 variety of beef platter for 2 which was $81.95. Portions are very small. The banchan selection was okay. The meat platter came partially frozen and not fully thawed. The waiter did a terrible job cooking. Most of our meats ended up being chewy. The marinated short ribs were bland and boring. Nothing stood out. You would think the service is good when we were the only ones eating bbq. I had asked multiple times for refills on banchan or lettuce. Our bill was over $100. We left hungry and dissatisfied. I've had much better experiences at Jongro or Kang Ho Dong Baekjeong.
#REVIEW#This was really great -- I was split between four and five but leaned towards four simply because I think Cote was somewhat better (although obviously different). We got banchan, kimchi pancakes, green tea noodles (both spicy and not spicy), brisket, unmarinated prime rib, marinated short rib, and pork belly. Everything was fantastic, especially the meats (besides for the pork belly) and the spicy noodles, which kind of blew me away. All in all, excellent Korean BBQ spot.
#REVIEW#Went to Dons for a client dinner recently because we thought it would be fun and something different. Not much about this experience was ideal, other than how accommodating the hostess was.Drinks: server took the order of half our table then disappeared for 20 minutes. He returned with their drinks then took orders for everyone else - weird! Also had no knowledge of their cocktail list, so not helpful.Apps: dumplings, pancake, and glass noodles were all good, but the table was soo overcrowded with empty glasses and extra condiments/toppings that it was impossible to find room to moveMains: ordered wine with dinner and asked for glasses for the table, after which only two glasses were brought. Then another 15 min wait for the rest of the glasses. No plates cleared from app round, no empty cocktail glasses cleared, and now literally no room for anything else on the table. We asked them to clear plates, but they told us to wait because they were cooking (though there was no place for what they were cooking??)The grills were so close to the edge of the table that when meat was being grilled, it would literally splatter on peoples clothing.  This is a fundamental design flaw that should have been rectified after 1-2 weeks of operation. Food overall was 3.5/5, mostly tasty (though under seasoned), but not worth it for the rest of the angst noted above.
#REVIEW#Solid dduk mandoo guk and banchan galore.  A bit away from the core Ktown chaos but just as convenient.  Bbq is also good here.
#REVIEW#If you're in search for quality meat and a good atmosphere with a diverse crowd, Dons Bogam is a great place. The food is authentic, the quality of meat is superb and the place has just the perfect amount of lighting to enjoy a meal gossiping with friends. Beef tongue is good. Bbq for two was enough for four. Spicy fried rice cake was good. Bimbimbap is delicious and it has some nice marinated meat inside. Seafood pancake which I usually dislike was pretty good. Better than most places on the K-town strip actually.
#REVIEW#Wow this place was so delicious. I definitely recommend if you want to try Korean BBQ. It's authentic and delicious. The service was great and we really enjoyed our time and meal here. If you've never done Korean BBQ-- definitely ask for a table with a grill and there you just choose whichever protein you'd like. We went with the marinated short ribs and chicken -- really good. Their fried pork and vegetable dumplings were absolutely delicious. We got them as appetizers, which they have a nice amount of options. They also have a very nice wine selection. Be prepared to spend some coin but all you're paying for is the protein and drinks because sides are complimentary and unlimited.  100% worth it.
#REVIEW#Whack. Rude service. I would rather drink a bottle of ketchup than dip my meat in that sauce . #icantDon't get your hopes up for succulent meat because it was so dry I could cry
#REVIEW#This place is precisely why you take a trip to NYC for the weekend.  Korean BBQ food is off the charts here.  The thinly sliced beef in broth and spicy kimchi soup were two of my favorite dishes.
