#NAME#Nougatine at Jean-Georges
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/nougatine-at-jean-georges-new-york-3?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,asianfusion,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Beautiful place for a Sunday brunch near Central Park!Hermoso lugar para un brunch de domingo cerca del Central Park!
#REVIEW#We made a reservation a few days in advance, but missed the call to confirm the time. We ended up being put on hold for an hour, just to confirm the reservation. Good customer service is part of the fine dining experience, so we tried to give geedback regarding this long wait time. The caller responded that she was the only person answering the phone, and then hung up. We all got the prix fixe for lunch, and although nothing was seriously wrong with the food, nothing really stood out either. I guess the only thing I would recommend is the rhubarb dessert.
#REVIEW#totally underwhelmed. i'd give 2.5 stars. honestly it was just expensive and not worth it, food was nothing special. dined here with boyfriend and a colleague yesterday. food was okay, it was pretty slow between courses, waitress was sort of rude.shared a bottle of wine- pinot grigio.we each tried the tasting menu for 118$. NO SUBS! lol our waitress made that very clear. tuba tare tare was just fine... apparently it's been in the menu for 20 years but could use a re-vamp if you asked me.i actually hated the next course which was a foie gras and didn't eat more than one bite. i usually like foie gras but this one had some like cognac taste mixed in and was burned like creme brulee but didn't taste good at all.Salmon was next, probably my favorite course. But wow the portions were so small! our waitress said oh this is the full main course size, if i paid 35$ for salmon i'd expect it to be bigger than like 4oz...next was beef, again like 3-4oz. was a little well done for me. dessert tasting was nice, chocolate lava cake thing was the best.definitely could skip this place. it ended up being like 185$ for each of us and just not worth it.
#REVIEW#Nougatine is a very beautiful restaurant with this really clean feel to it, the food is very pretty, and eats very well, I found everything to be very well balanced with the exception of the Ribeye which was cooked to perfection but slightly over on salt but still a tremendous dish, I only wish the menu would have a bit more selections to really explore, and experience or maybe some type of daily specials (Duck? Rabbit? Halibut?), it was a great experience overall I didn't know what to expect or what to look for food wise so I do recommend to get a look at the menu before going so you don't spend the next 10 minutes trying to decide on what you'd like.
#REVIEW#The meal I had here was amazing! We had the following:-tuna tartare: this is one of the best that I've had at a restaurant. The sauce that comes with this is just amazing.-burrata: this came with a strawberry compote and the combination was so good and original -sea bass: this was cooked perfectly and the sauce that came with it was amazing. I also loved the roasted artichoke hearts that came with it.-prosciutto wrapped pork chop: my husband loved this dish-mashed potatoes: so good and creamy. I would definitely recommend. This restaurant was great!
#REVIEW#We came here for brunch and tried the eggs benedict and omelette. Both were tasty and I loved the side of crisped, thinly sliced potatoes bathed in butter. What we were very confused by though, was the side of artichoke that we ordered. It was a whole head of artichoke that we were supposed to peel and dip. It came very undercooked, and we were not able to find a part that was tender enough to eat even though we peeled until the center. When we brought this to our server's attention, she mentioned that she will check with the chef and did not return until half an hour later. She then kindly offered us another side (we chose brussel sprouts) which turned out to be delicious, but took another half an hour or so to arrive. So understandably, we were done with our other dishes and were just waiting on the brussel sprouts. During the wait, we were approached by three different servers asking if we were ready to get the check, and we had to explain every single time that we were waiting on a replacement dish. At one point we were literally done explaining to one server, and I took a sip of water, and another approached us. I don't know what the staff workflow protocol is (maybe there is such a long wait that the staff were trained to turn tables around as soon as they see a possible vacancy), but some structure and consistency would be nice.
#REVIEW#Let me give you a low down of my experience here and why it's a 3 star rating.I have dined here twice and the first time was exceptional. If I remembered then to write the review it would've easily been hands down 5 stars all the way! I recently remembered the other night of how good the food was and decided to make reservations.We arrived at 3:00pm for a 3:15pm reservation, but since the table was not ready we waited at the bar. We were then seated 10 minutes after our reservation time, but that was not the issue. It started when we were seated at our table...So, our waiter (who I'm not going to name) was so quick to rush us out! When I tried to give him our order for the appetizer, he did not want to take it. Whaaat?! You say why?? Well let me tell you his reasoning- He wanted to know our whole order because he said that the kitchen was closing....Ok, but why not just put in the order for our appetizer so the kitchen can fire it up already?? As a matter of fact, why not just tell me during the time of reservation that making a 3:15pm reservation is a shitty time to come because the kitchen will be closing??? Well yelp readers, at least y'all know now. Don't show up at 3:15pm unless you want to feel like that diner who walks in right before closing, but doesnt give a shit and is hungry, "so feed me anyways" feeling.Too bad we had this experience...It's such a beautiful restaurant with floor to ceiling windows that looks out into Central Park. Unfortunately, I could not appreciate it because I literally was getting kicked out even before I could even place an order. Half way through with the crab cake appetizer, the waiter was already taking our plates away! I definitely think this waiter needs etiquette training. For a Jean-Georges restaurant, I would expect quality people and quality service....Anyways, I think I made my point. I hate complaining, but that waiter deserves 0 stars. The ambiance and food is consistently fantastic, which I give 5 stars. So overall 2.5 stars. Because the food is so great here I would come back, but I would def make sure we Do Not get the same waiter.Food reccomendations- The Organic Chicken is always perfectly roasted and so freakin' juicy.If you also get the steamed bass, dip the chicken in its green olive dressing to give it acidity.
#REVIEW#I had a great time here celebrating my sister's birthday. I made a reservation a few days before and they seated us at a beautiful spot by the windows. We were seated with a view of Central Park. Our server was Gio who went above and beyond to make my sister's birthday special. We ordered the lunch prix fixe for $44/pp. we also had the Tasmanian Sea Trout on top of crispy sushi rice and a side of Brussels sprouts.For the appetizer, I had their tuna tartare. The tuna tartare was full of flavor and they put a glaze over it making it a good balance of flavors.I ordered the Sea Bass as it seemed very popular. Although the serving was on a the smaller side, it was good enough for me. But I think my fiancé wished there was more. The sea bass was very delicate and melted in my mouth. The dessert I ordered was the passion fruit which was super delicious and refreshing. If you love passion fruit, this is a go-to. Even if you don't love it but you're looking for something refreshing, this is a go-to. Their chocolate lava cake was perfect for sweets lovers with the vanilla icecream which complemented the chocolate. To top it all off, Gio made our experience so great and I can't wait to go back to have some more of their Tasmanian Sea Trout and their desserts again! They were definitely my favorites!
#REVIEW#Pure bliss. We came here for winter Restaurant Week and the next thing I remember, I was eating the most amazing wild gulf flounder in paprika butter, served on these soft pillows of heaven (they called it potato ravioli). My boyfriend and I just wanted more, and were seriously contemplating coming again the next day just for this dish. Please make it a regular item on the menu. Other items we ordered were the sea trout sashimi appetizer, which was amazingly fresh. I often avoid raw fish unless I know it's high quality, and this was top notch. I also tried the creamy tomato soup, which was tasty but not outstanding like the rest of the food. For dessert, we had the passion fruit pavlova and Jean Georges' signature molten chocolate cake with salted caramel ice cream. Both delicious and the perfect amount. Even more than the food, the atmosphere was wonderful and the service exceptional. It felt effortlessly (and unpretentiously) upscale. Our server was incredibly professional. We never had to call on him, but he was swift in getting us exactly what we needed. All without the dreaded hovering. He finished his shift while we were waiting for our desserts, and made sure to approach us and let us know we would continue to be in good hands and that it was his pleasure serving us. Class act. Bottom line: touché on being a high quality, upscale restaurant that can actually justify its above than average prices. A rarity. The dishes we were served were of true entree size, delectable, unique, and filling. We'll be back again soon.
#REVIEW#I came for lunch and asked the waiter his recommendations because everything on the menu looked great. To my surprise, for a French restaurant he recommended the burger! I had to listen to my waiter but I'm glad I did. I was probably dripping too much for white table cloths but that was how juicy this burger was. Definitely top 3 burger in NY and a must try!!
#REVIEW#This is a cute place for brunch, located right next to Central Park. It's located at the lobby level of trump tower. For those of you who aren't familiar with the restaurant, Nougatine at Jean Georges is a more casual version of the the actual Jean-George's restaurant, which is right next door (they're literally connected and separated by a glass door, and share the same check-in area). So Nougatine is a bit more noisy, more likely to have young kids and crying babies etc, and the food is much cheaper also. Service here is still excellent, food comes out pretty quickly, and they give complimentary sourdough bread. Reservations are accepted here too; Just be sure you reserve at the right place (ie Nougatine at Jean-Georges vs Jean Georges). Parking is not impossible- there's street and meter parking within a few blocks walk if you drive. I highly recommend the lobster burger. It's such an interesting dish, and reminds me of a lobster roll. There's so much lobster with every bite, and comes with cheese and pickles. The dish comes with fries on the side, which are perfectly crisp and salted. The eggs Benedict with ham is also good, but nothing out of the ordinary. However, it does come with home fries, which I think I liked more than the eggs Benedict itself! The potatoes are sliced in small thin circles and very crispy on the outside. We also shared the calamari appetizer, which I wasn't a huge fan of. It was very fishy, which made it hard to enjoy the calamari itself. I've had plenty of fresh calamari before which didn't come with the fishy smell.
#REVIEW#For Restaurant Week pricing, it's solid food, slightly innovative Asian-American fusion, at a good value.Regular pricing... I'd say not so much, as they have a lot more competition at their usual price point.Fennel salad, a sea trout with some sort of slightly dried corn (worked quite well!), cod, and oddly, a chicken thigh that didn't seem out of place in such a nice restaurant.The decor is subdued contemporary, with a lovely view south, and the experience is surprisingly less rub-it-in-your-face of wealth than I expected.
#REVIEW#Came here for restaurant week dinner - everything was very good and worth the money spent! Their fish was very fresh and had a lot of flavors, angel hair was just alright (kind of oily), and the desserts were delicious! The lava cake was wonderfully done , and I also appreciated the unique flavors they offered for their ice cream (passion fruit and durian). The service was impeccable and the food came out quite quickly! Atmosphere was excellent, located right on Columbus Circle next to the Trump International Tower.
#REVIEW#Still 5 stars, as always.  Lunch deal is the best in town -- now $44 for a three course meal, complete with complimentary (and delicious) sourdough bread.  Today Jean Georges himself came to the restaurant!  Food was perfectly executed, as always.  Delicious tuna tartare starter, and loved the hake entree, though I'd caution you not to order the hake if you don't like spicy dishes - because it certainly burned my taste buds a bit.  Totally perfect chocolate cake dessert!
#REVIEW#Lovely restaurant situated close to the Central Park. Jean-George is really the quality assurance. Love the ambience and the contemporary decor of Nougatine. We had a party of 7 coming here on a Sunday for a brunch. The service was very attentive. We picked a few appetizers and entrees to share, finished with a couple lovely dessert. The presentation of the food was great, and the ingredients tasted fresh, beautifully seasoned, very flavorful. We were very impressed by the pasta, the Sea bass and beef tenderloin, very savory and tasty, highly recommended! For the dessert, the passion fruit pavlova and the Green apple flavored sorbet tasted so refreshing, great finish!The restaurant had ample exposure to the sun, we totally enjoyed the beautiful weather and the wonderful dining experience. Forgot to mention - we bumped into the fashion designer Alexander Wang in the restaurant that day.  How lucky we were
#REVIEW#Fancy step aside, let Jean George through!From the moment we entered to the moment we left, I felt like we were celebrities. Every part of the wait staff was attentive and accommodating. Doors were opened for us, chairs were moved for us, I'm surprised we didn't get spoon fed. I ordered the tuna tartare and the veal Milanese. Both tasted delicious. However, I thought the sauce for the tuna tartare should be left for me to pour, I thought it was a little over sauced. Also, warm lettuce in the veal Milanese was a little weird for me. I highly recommend the Tasmanian sea trout over the crispy sushi rice. I have have this variation at many restaurants but here at Nougatine, they really get the rice part cooked perfect. Not over fried or too crunchy. For dessert the warm chocolate cake is the only way to go! On top of all that, Gio made our experience an unforgettable one .
#REVIEW#I brought my parents here as a thank you dinner. Didn't realize it was in the Trump Tower before making the reservation (oy). From the moment you walk in, the service is SO on top of it and so nice that it made us almost uncomfortable but definitely top notch service here.Highlights were the foie gras brulee, roasted hake and burrata. The roasted hake's curry sauce added flavor to the butter-y fish, the foie gras brulee and burratta were both sweet but savory with such great textures. Every flavor was pleasantly fused together. The dessert was also amazing, we loved the delicate taste of both the carrot cake and chocolate cake. But neither had anything super special about them (still yummy though)
#REVIEW#Nougatine is very overrated. Every dish we ordered was bland and underwhelming. I dined at Nougatine last night for a birthday dinner - a party of 7. We all did not fully enjoy the appetizers, entrees, and the bottle of wine. The desserts were the best part of the meal. Here is what we ordered:Appetizers ~- Crab salad: meh, nothing special - Fried calamari: calamari didn't taste very fresh- Burrata salad: tasty but not anything special - Foie gras creme brûlée: very bitter and just not tasty- warm artichoke: extremely bland Entrees:- Prosciutto wrapped pork chop: mediocre and overcooked. The prosciutto was overcooked and did not complement the pork chop. I'd suggest bacon instead. - Beef tenderloin: nice cut of steak, but nothing special - Sea bass: good, but also nothing special - Hake: good but under-seasonedDesserts:- Meyer lemon creme brûlée: delicious, my favorite part of the meal- Apple cinnamon crumble cake: well made- Chocolate cake: also delicious- Peanut banana caramel tart: my least favorite dessertI can't remember what the wine was but it was so acidic and didn't pair well with any of the dishes we ordered. None of us would ever return.
#REVIEW#Their lunch pre fine is pretty amazing.  I highly recommend.  I went with my wife today and sat at the bar.  Our apps were delicious.  I had tuna tartare and my wife had the shrimp salad.  Shrimp salad is very good.  I had the bass she had the salmon both so good.  Chocolate cake for dessert just molten goodness.  I think it's definitely a must go to spot.  We are local so will be back for sure.  Service impeccable and servers were kind.  Crowded at the bar for sure
#REVIEW#Pictured is one of the staple desserts at Nougatine, Warm Chocolate Lava Cakewith Salted Caramel Ice Cream. Definitely recommend ending your meal with this perfect pairing of sweet and salty!
