#NAME#The Halal Guys
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-halal-guys-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#foodstands,mideastern,halal#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Before I even start my review, this place gets 5 stars from me because they said "For the pretty lady, extra hot sauce!" and gave me like 10+ extra hot sauces. They sure know the fastest way to my heart. Meat + rice + EXTRA hot sauce. What else can I possibly ask for? Apparently this place started all the way back in 1990, and 3 partners came up with a halal food cart with chicken and gyro over rice because of a high demand from Muslim cab drivers! Good thing they did because I freaking LOVE this place. Whenever I come up to NY for work, I stand in the ridiculous line that goes for a block or two so that I can buy 4 - 6 platters of Combo ($8/each) to bring back home (Baltimore) with me. Of course, extra hot sauce please! When I get home, I open up these bad boys, drown them in their famous white and red sauce. CAUTION: their red/hot sauce is ACTUALLY spicy!!!! I thought I was born with an iron stomach that can withstand all levels of spice but Halal Guys proved me wrong - usually 1 packet of red sauce for the entire platter is enough but I like to push my limit and put 2 - 3 packets. YESSSSSS, BURN MY SOUL!!!!Their pita bread does get soggy because it sits in the platter on the way home but this is easily fixed if I pop them into the toaster oven for a few minutes!
#REVIEW#Because of this place's insane popularity, i decided to take the subway here just to try it out. It was around 6pm and still raining a bit. I ordered a combo platter and got my food very fast because all the guy did was scoop the content from the containers. I don't know if they normally would refresh it up when it's not raining, but maybe because they didn't, the meat felt a bit dry. Rice was good, i always enjoy Mediterranean rice. The vegetable portion was just iceberg lettuce. Where sauce was decent. Hot sauce was supppper hot like the dry hot type that just burns. The whole experience just felt underwhelming and disappointing. I have had tastier Mediterranean food from other food stands of NYC.
#REVIEW#THIEF, LOW LIFE-PETTY THIEFLate night yesterday, the guy that deals with money tried to short change me $10. gave him a 20, and instead of 10 and 1 he gave me 1,1 and moved on the next customer.  I confronted him, and without any challenge he gave me the rest of the money.  You see, there was no hesitation or challenge to give me the rest of the money because he knew he was short changing me, if you made a real mistake, you would think about it before handing over more cash.ANDhe tried to short change my friend yesterday too.BEWARE THAT PIECE OF CRAP!
#REVIEW#NYC Halal Carts are pretty well known at this point- there's nothing like a chicken over rice platter at 2:00 in the morning. However, there has to be well over a thousand in the city. But this one? This is THE Halal Cart. I'm not sure if this was the first, or how this cart came to stardom, but this was the cart that started the national chain of Halal Guys locations. They're fast, they're efficient, and they make some good food.You'll see people lined up from streets away below their yellow umbrellas... and the lines MOVE. You can be in the back of a line of 30 people, and still get your food within minutes. Right near the carts is a block of public benches, providing a good place to sit down with your food.The regular sized platter itself is enough food for the entire day in one sitting, but they also offer a small sized platter or gyros.All in all, if you want to eat a lot for cheap in New York City, and you want it fast? Go to the Halal Guys.
#REVIEW#This is one of several food kiosks run by these guys in Manhattan with this one being closest to my hotel. I've noticed that there are many "knock offs" throughout the city so be aware of the fact if you are searching for them.There happened to be no line when I got there but sure enough I started one!  The man I spoke to didn't understand my questions and even though I wanted a $6.00 beef gyro I ended up with a $9.00 beef halal dinner!I took my meal to the hotel room and ate it there. This meat is very good and it is accompanied by a salad, rice, and sliced pita bread. They also give you a white sauce and hot sauce if you want to add to it. I used the white sauce and it was so good and very filling.You can't beat a bargain like that here in NY. There's no best time to go but I did notice two more stands in the same general vicinity. They are marked "the real" Halal guys.  I loved the convenience of it and the fact that I could enjoy a great meal for a good price.
#REVIEW#On our trip to NYC, we had to try the OG Halal Guys! Compared to California's, New York's just tastes better! Something different about it just makes better. Seeing everyone grubbing right next to the cart is a just a good vibe! We walked from our hotel about 10 blocks to find em because while in New York this was a must spot for foodies! Combo Platter drenched in white sauce never disappointed anybody's! Thank you, Halal guys!
#REVIEW#At this point, an institution. The platters are $10 for the regular size. It's a little cheaper for the smaller size - trust me, you'll want the regular. Now, douse it in white sauce and hot sauce, yum.I have noticed that recently, the meat is a tad dry. But still solid halal and, again, an institution.
#REVIEW#You know your girl had to go to the original Halal Guys.After many years of hype in California after their opening I knew I had to try this place from it's original source.  I love that it is still a simple food stand that offers cheap ass good quality food.  And it was only like a 5 minute walk from our hotel.  Win!  For a combo of chicken and beef it was only $8.  And unlike California, they do not charge extra for sauce.  Two packets of white sauce and two packets of their spicy sauce and you are golden.  Lettuce was fresh, generous portion of delicious flavored meats, and bomb as rice.  I shared it with one other person and it was the perfect size.  The over 9k reviews don't lie.  It is good.
#REVIEW#I've tried The Halal Guys in California before but when coming to New York I knew I had to try it straight from the food stand. There are actually a couple of food stands in that area, one on each side of the intersection. I'd recommend beating the lunch rush because I came at 11:30am and there was no line. When I walked past the same area at 12pm there was a huge line.I ordered the chicken platter ($8) which includes rice, veggies, chicken and pita. The chicken is soft, the rice is flavorful, and everything is just good. It comes with red and white sauce which are absolutely lovely. If you're like me you will find yourself pouring all the white sauce on everything because it's that addicting. Be careful about putting the red sauce because it's really spicy. I'm not sure if they take card or not but it's just easier with cash. $8 for the amount of food that you get and the quality of the food is just so worth. There are no tables near by except some benches. If you really want a table to sit and eat you can walk to The Plaza mall which is about 5 blocks away.
#REVIEW#When in New York, have to eat food from the street vendors! What everyone tells me. Hahah.This food vendor was about a 15mins walk from Time Square. After hubby and I did some shopping for souvenirs and gifts, we headed straight there. It was a nice walk. Definitely didn't feel crowded on the way there.**NOTE: there was actually a closer location to Time Square, but we did not noticed until we were walking back!!! It was behind the HOPE sign.When we arrived, there was a line. Maybe about 7 people ahead of us, but probably didn't get food until 10mins later, which is weird because food seemed to be done? Lol. Oh wells. We ordered the Combo Platter to share, which is both beef and chicken with rice, lettuce, and pita bread. They have sauces on the side so you can squeeze for your liking. WHITE SAUCE IS SO YUMMY. I ate a lot of that!! Red sauce - SPICY. So be careful! Hubs love spicy and kept adding more and my mouth was burning. I got mad at him and all he did was laugh at me. Hahah. The food here was delicious! We agreed that the chicken tasted better than the beef and will probably stick with chicken only for now on. Platter was enough to feed us both. Great portion!
#REVIEW#The Halal Guys, the one and only, found here amidst a whole bunch of other Halal Guys carts. You'll know which one is the original one by the line.So I'm from LA and they opened up a few Halal Guys around there and they are not nearly as good as this one. I don't know what it is but this Halal Guys was heavenly. The combo plate is the thing to get along with a generous helping of their white and hot sauce. Nothing says comfort like chicken and rice (the combo is chicken and gyro but you get the gist). So be prepared to drench your plate in white sauce, drizzle or load up on hot sauce however you like the pain, and stuff yourself silly. Did my GI tract cry afterwards? Yes. Was it worth it? Ten times over and I'd do it again happily. So yes, this is a must.This is cash only so come prepared with lots of it.
#REVIEW#This is like comfort food - chicken over rice, but it's so good! the portion are huge (which normally last two meals for me) and cheap 8 bucks. the white sauce makes it even better but so fattening. if you tell them it's to go, they will packed it and then put the package sauce on the side for you. if you don't tell them to go, they'll just hand you the plate and all the sauce is in a container that you have to add on to your plate yourself. Be careful - the hot sauce is really hot!I always liked their chicken over rice but the comb one isn't bad either. The rice plate comes with pita bread (i think that's what they call it) and some lettuce.
#REVIEW#Everything you could have imagined and MORE! It's no lie folks; The Halal Guys is friggin' sensational! HUGE ass deliciously filling Halal platters and sammies at your service from day until the late night! The Halal Guys just recently migrated over into my hood (the Bay Area), and I had the pleasure of trying it a few months back. At first, I couldn't understand why so many East Coasters weren't impressed with the new Bay Area popups because I thought it was rather tasty. I didn't have anything to compare it to, and trying it for the first time in California was the first time that I had ever tried it. Welp... after trying the original, I COMPLETELY understand why they weren't impressed. Like most "original" locations of restaurants, the original Halal Guys cart totally sh*ts on the Cali popups (as it probably should). There is no... I repeat, NO comparison! The quality of the meat that they be grillin' on that cart is just insane! And that mutha effin' WHITE SAUCE! LAAAWWWD! Come and help a sista out right NOW before I pass away from high cholesterol!!! Because, ya girl can use an ENTIRE damn bottle of that deliciously fattening white sauce on this platter without any regards. EVERYTHING on that damn platter was fingerlickin' GOOD!! I got a combo platter with chicken and gyro... (pause). I'm sorry, I just had to take a moment to remember how effing FANTASTIC this meal was. The meat was flavorful , the veggies and rice were fresh, and the pita bread was warm and fluffy. Top that thang with hella white sauce, and you've got yourself the meal from East Coast Heaven right there. Maaaan, just the perfect little meal packed inside of a foil pan. They stuff that bad boy to the MAX! Literally made about 2 and half meals out of one platter. Let's talk about that price tag; CHEEEAP!!! Less than $10 for a massive platter or gyro sammich. I live for affordable meal steals, especially when I'm on vacay. This is probably the best deal that you'll find in the city as far as street food goes. They're open late into the night which is a plus. I won't tell you what time that I actually consumed this meal because I don't need you or anyone else judging my fat ass. But, what you should know is that this meal is satisfying during any time of the day. Praise GAAAWD for the Halal Guys and all of its' glory. They got that crack! ... That HALAL cart crack, that is! You need to getchu sooome!!!
#REVIEW#The good and cheap food in Manhattan. Meat is great quality, Long line but worth the wait. Been here few times, every time the line is long and every time. I got the lamb and chicken combo over rice with white and hot sauce. Don't forget the white sauce, and stay clear of the hot sauce. If you do choose to test out the hot sauce, don't use too much or else you'll sweat and cry. I am a big fan of this place.
#REVIEW#A staple in the NYC food scene, The Halal Guys, have taken Food Carts and Halal Food to the next level, legendary status. For a mere $8 you can get this delicious platter with either Lamb, Chicken or a mix of both. The white sauce is an absolute must, I can't get enough of it. For an extra kick, get the hot sauce but be prepared for a fiery finish. The lines get long during lunch, dinner and the late night post drinking time slots but they're a well oiled machine that works fast and efficiently and of course the food is well worth the wait! Truly a must try in New York City! There's Halal carts and then there's The Halal Guys, the absolute best of the best.
#REVIEW#After being in New York for two years I have finally come to Halal Guys!Street food is the heart of the city. I have had numerous halal plates but for some reason The Halal Guys has never been part of the mix. I got the combo plate and doused it with white sauce and some hot sauce (I knew the hot sauce is a kicker). Overall it was a pleasant meal. I was a little underwhelmed with the seasoning. With all the food carts around the city you begin to try carts with seasonings of their own culture. Some are more aggressive and some less. This one was much less compared to other places I've had. For $8 you get a good bang for your buck. I'll probably stick to my local carts that I know and love because I love that bold flavor but it was still nice trying Halal Guys
#REVIEW#Boy oh Boy! Everyone knows this is the OG halal guys and I can definitely testify that this tastes significantly better than the ones on the west coast. Coming from California, I have made it an effort to stop by this stand at least once every time I happen to be in new york. So don't hesitate and make it an effort to stop by. It is conveniently located very close to the central park so take a stroll around the park and enjoy your food.
#REVIEW#The world famous Halal guys! This legendary food cart is a must visit for any New Yorker or visitor!! This place was revolutionary and was first on the scene of the middle eastern food market. My group of friends always called this spot "G-spot" because every time we went to eat there, it hit the spot. The white sauce is incredible and the hot sauce is extremely hot. Use with caution. You have to try this place, its open late night too although lines are almost always wrapped around the block. It is definitely worth the wait though.
#REVIEW#Just as good as the one that just opened in Sunnyvale lol. I usually get the beef gyro sandwich which White sauce and add red sauce on top. Meat is tasty. Have your cash ready!!
#REVIEW#This place is a must when you come to New York. I usually order the Combo Platter and it is delicious. They actually made multiple restaurants of the Halal Guys in SoCal but it does not taste the same. I first ate it in New York five years ago and then ate it in SoCal and was pretty disappointed.  The experience is definitely different eating it at the original location of New York. It just tastes better to me in my opinion when I eat it in New York. The white sauce is so good and it goes perfectly with the Combo Platter. Be careful of the red sauce because it is REALLY SPICY. I would recommend getting very little or try it before you put it all over your food.
