#NAME#Alta
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/alta-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tapas,mediterranean,spanish#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#One of my new favorite tapas restaurants- it's a bit difficult to spot on the outside, but it opens up to a large 2 floor dining area. What to get:Fried Goat Cheese with honeyIberico Pork - seared to a perfect medium rare with a salted crust  definitely my favHen of the Woods Mushrooms - while fried still really goodAnd many more... but I'd skip out on the short rib, it was a bit dry and could be missed (the beet pasta was very good tho) and the Waygu beef carpaccio -  was just okay, definitely don't think it was waygu With regards to the drinks, great cocktails, Rose, and Red wine. I was not a fan of any of the whites, but they do offer a small taste before hand if you're unsure
#REVIEW#Food and service were great, dessert was OK, and the atmosphere was lively. I came here with my boyfriend; we had an early reservation and sat on the second floor. I recommend sitting upstairs; it's quieter and more personal. Even though we didn't sit at the bar, the area was trendy and inviting, giving a good first impression. Gnocchi was the best dish of the night. Highly recommend. Beet salad was delicious - comes with beet chips, crunchy hazelnuts, and whipped goat cheese (textures galore)Empanada - nothing to write home about, I'd skip this next timeThe short rib with beet infused pasta was beautiful. Unfortunately, I was not impressed with the dessert. We ordered the dessert that was similar to a profiterole, it was their most popular, but the taste of poppy seeds dominated my palette. We also ordered a sundae, but the ice cream tasted stale.
#REVIEW#I came here for my birthday dinner with my husband. We had a great time! Ambiance- during dinner there are dim lights and candles and it is LOUD! I was almost turned off by the noise but we were seated on the third floor which eventually got loud too. The restaurant spans 3 floors and looks like it's supposed to be a house. The tables are arranged closely together so it's not good for those with claustrophobia.Service- the service was fast and seamless. Really no issues here. Food/Menu- they printed personalized a menu for my birthday! That was a nice touch. Their menu is filled with such a large variety of dishes that there is something to satisfy every palate. Every dish is infused with the flavors thoughtfully planned to create a beautiful array of taste and texture in your mouth. We saw that there was an option to order everything on the menu, but instead we opted to order every item we wanted, which was more cost-effective and just as fulfilling. Our favorites were the: heirloom carrots (MUST ORDER if in season), roasted beets, brussels sprouts, burrata, paella (be careful, it's quite salty), meatballs, short rib, and candy bar. We came a second time with my sister who was visiting and she agreed with me on how well-orchestrated the dishes are. They didn't have the heirloom carrots because they were not in season and I died a little inside. I was able to come back to life in time to write this review.
#REVIEW#We ate: the pate, the linguini, the scallops, and the eggplant dip (not quite baba ganoush). The eggplant dip is almost more like a puree, and since the lighting is a little dim in this place, when it was first served I thought it was mustard. Overall, fine, but I probably wouldn't get this dish again. I liked the scallops a lot, as well as the pate (though I passed on the grape jam). The linguini was also decent, and had a slightly lemon-y taste.The main thing I would say is that you really shouldn't come here too hungry. The dishes are not terribly expensive (still pricey), but they are very small. For instance, the scallop dish only had 4 scallops on it. The linguini was also like... laughably small. Still, this is a pretty nice spot to bring a date, and that's why it's redeemed in this sense. Make sure to request a table upstairs next to the balcony, since I think it sets the mood a little better.
#REVIEW#Eating at Alta was a 10/10 experience and I highly recommend! Our waiter was very attentive and gave us great advice about what to order, and told us great history about the place. As for food, the brussel sprouts and fried goat cheese are must haves!! the brussel sprouts came with apples and crème fraîche and the flavors melded so well together! We also got ricotta gnoochi (made in house, to die for!), cauliflower, lamb tagine and shrimp skewers. We wish we could have gotten everything, but would highly recommend these all!
#REVIEW#Would definitely come again. Vibe/ambiance is 100% so romantic and lovely. If you're with a small party (~2-3 people), call on the day of and ask to be seated on the mezzanine. That way you get the best view of the restaurant.Food is A-OK, and good enough to return. We had the bacon-wrapped dates (great), the brussel sprouts (awesome), the paella (was OK), and linguine (was OK). I would get the bacon-wrapped dates and brussel sprouts again. Bit pricey for what you get, but worth it.
#REVIEW#Went here with two others, so I got a chance to sample six different dishes. Each and every one was excellent. The agreed upon winner was the the Paella. It had everything going for it, the shellfish was flavorful, the sausage carried some heat and the rice was rich with all the juices. Next was the Duck Confit. Just dense and good, much like the lively Lamb Tangeen. The Brussels Sprouts were a much better fried option than the Hen in the Woods mushrooms. Those were a touch over done. This is a lovely little place. The dining room has a cute balcony and rustic charm. Everyone should note that they have a quirky payment policy, only cash or AMEX. This policy is well announced via confirming text, menu and by the hostess, but it did nonetheless cut our evening short as we went elsewhere for another bottle of wine and dessert.
#REVIEW#Best dinner I've had in a long time.  The restaurant was beautiful. It's a very unique space with a ground floor for group seating and then a mezzanine around the top for smaller (2 person) tables.  I was there for a group dinner but I bet it would be a very romantic date spot.  Evey dish was spectacular but my favorites were the ricotta gnocchi, brussel sprouts and butterscotch foam dessert.
#REVIEW#Second place in Alta! One of the best Tapas place in the city. Grill Octopus and Brussels sprouts are my favorites. Price is a bit expensive. Four of us spent 300+ for drinks and food.  Good service and ambiance. Be alerted that ONLY CASH and AMEX are accepted!
#REVIEW#Came to Alta on a Saturday evening with a 8pm reservation for a party of 3. We were seated promptly in the cute back area of the restaurant. There was some light festive decor which made the restaurant feel really homey. My group ordered a few dishes to split. We got the black truffle burrata, scallops, steak, meatballs, beet salad, and the gnocchi with egg! The scallops were a bit fishy but seared perfectly. The steak had a ton of flavor. The burrata or beet salad was probably my favorite of all the dishes. The meatballs were definitely my least favorite. All of the food was very fresh and had a wonderful presentation. The plates all came out pretty quickly too, which worked out nicely because we were so hungry. We split a bottle of white wine that resembled a chardonnay. The service was definitely a little wonky. My friend had a dirty glass and asked for a new one that was still not totally clean. The waiters were kind of terse/abrupt. It was very busy for dinner, but there wasn't a very welcoming atmosphere. There were so many other dishes I definitely would have ordered too...zatarr naan, foie gras mousse, grilled octopus. Next time!! Definitely will come back.
#REVIEW#Every other Saturday my 11 year old daughter Lilou and myself go to a new restaurant to discover food from a different country. She writes about it on Sunday mornings. I thought I"d share her findings here:The food was amazing, and they added a really cool twist on to simple foods. I especially recommend the empaandas, the paella, and the raw tuna, which were all really delicious. Our drinks were very nice, and they even made a virgin version of the drink for me. The menu was a nice mix of Spanish and Mediterranean foods. Our waiter was very nice and had very good recommendations and helped us decide what to order. The over all restaurant was nice, but it was a little loud, and the food was a little slow to come out, especially the duck, although it was definitely worth the wait. The rest of the service was quick, and the things that were not cooked came out really fast. Over all, I definitely recommend this restaurant, and we enjoyed our meal alot.
#REVIEW#Love this place. The menu is varied, with eclectic combinations of ingredients that work amazingly together. Great for sharing and for groups. Working fireplace in the winter. Go for the Philadelphia Surprise. The Brussels sprouts, octopus, lamb meatballs are all faves of mine. Plate sizes are not consistent, so don't order everything at once; start with one or two dishes and add on as you go. That way you won't end up too full or still hungry. Downsides: sometimes hard to get a reservation, noise bounces off the walls, and it can be very loud, and they only take AmEx or cash.
#REVIEW#went there last night with my special lady, been there before but just for a drink, let me say it might​ be the best hideaway romantic place in the village, bar is old school and candlelit​, the bartenders​ and hostess wereso welcoming​ and patient,​ we​ didn't​ want to sit at reservation time as we were having such a good time at bar so they easily pushed the time ahead.  then the waiter was super helpful with the tapas suggestions and food is superb. if you are​ going with a date​ ask for an upstairs​ table! they are spacious​​s and romantic as balz.  run don't​ walk to Alta!
#REVIEW#The Good: Ambiance is on point. Cozy, classy not too noisy and unique. The food is good, not the best I've had but I was happy that at least the presentation matched the price tag. We ordered the 'whole shebang' which is every dish on the menu ($600) so I think I'm in a pretty good position to speak to everything they serve.  We went there to celebrate birthdays and if you let them know in advance they'll write happy birthday on the menu for you. Thought this was cute. The Bad: the service was pretty horrible. Let me correct that, the hostess was wonderful, our server (tall blonde heavyset woman) was horrible. It was really obvious that she was interested in serving us. We felt really rushed as we had to ask several times for the plates to be brought out slower (for a moment it felt like a conveyor belt not a fine dining experience).  The plates were also brought out with little explanation and because they were not brought out in the same order as the menu we spent a lot of time trying to match the dish with the menu (this was important because some of our party had allergies). We ordered three bottles of champagne (which were served in wine glasses) she literally just opened the bottle and served 2 of the people in our party of 5, popped it in the chiller and walked away. We had to ask for water several times, she was slow to clear our dirty dishes not because she was extremely busy but more because she was spending her time with other guests or maybe it was the make up of our party.... who knows... judge for yourself. All in all it was an Ok experience, I probably wouldn't go back or recommend it to others primarily because of the service, it's not a great feeling to spend that kind of money and still feel like you're not welcome...
#REVIEW#This has been one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I love the atmosphere, diversity of the menu, and quality of the food. I live right by so I sometimes will stop in for a glass of wine at the bar. Its a nice bar to sit at and the wine list is really great too. The food though! I have not had everything as their menu is fairly large (I'd love the do the "whole shebang" for $600 w/ a group though). But some of my favorites are the brussel sprouts, bacon wrapped dates, burrata, MUSSELS (some of my fav mussels in the city), octopus and lamb meatballs. Its a great spot for a date or even just dinner with friends. Although, I will say it is great for a date because it definitely has a romantic vibe. Its not cheap but its definitely worth it! Pro tip: they only take cash or amex. So be prepared when you go.
#REVIEW#Decided to return to Alta after a few years, and had an amazing dinner! I wasn't that impressed by the food after the first visit, but this time everything we ordered was great. To start we got the housemade nan and smoked eggplant dip. The nan was incredible- super big, fluffy and piping hot so it was definitely straight from the oven. The eggplant dip was simple and a nice compliment to the bread. We also got the seared caulini which I love but can be quite hard to find on a menu. It came with a flavorful spicy curry sauce and had almonds and raisins. For our main tapas we got the duck confit and paella. The duck was rich and decadent. The skin was perfectly crispy and salty, and the meat was really tender. The paella was packed with seafood and chorizo, and extremely well seasoned. My only callout was that I wish there was more rice as well. Of course, the ambiance is still amazing at Alta. It's great for date nights because there is a second floor with mostly tables for 2 that overlook the first floor. Super romantic and classy but in a relaxed way. Would highly recommend now!
#REVIEW#With a diverse menu, dim and dainty interior...good things can happen at Alta. Just bring cash or your Amex and prepared to leave peckish if you do not question adding on that extra dish.The muscles do not come with bread which is a faux pas.
#REVIEW#Alta has a ton of good reviews which made us go ahead and make a reservation for my birthday dinner. When we arrived and looked at the menu, we realized they apparently take only cash and american express! What kind of restaurant operates solely on amex? This is a large inconvenience and they should address that boldly on their website. My husband had to step out during the dinner & go withdraw money. The food itself was rather meh. The wine I ordered was pricey, but tasted like a cheap 5$ bottle of wine. The only dishes we ended up liking were the rissoto and the eggplant dish.The food quality & flavor should definitely be better for the cost they charge. The ambience is a bit nice, with a rustic & rather a romantic feel, but I would surely not go here again.
#REVIEW#Why has it been so long? This place is always on my radar and I live close by, so why? I don't know because the food here is amazing. The ambiance equally lovely. However on one of the coldest nights of the year, this gorgeous old building is drafty. Be sure to start with a lovely cocktail, created by the friendly bartender. Of course jump to their luscious wine list after. Try the octopus a la plancha. So tender. The beets, not your ordinary beet salad. So many creative mushroom dishes however none of my dining partners eat funghi so I skipped them all. The short ribs and lamb meatballs were big hits. We ordered doubles of the goat cheese balls and fried potatoes. We had 4 of the desserts. Can't wait to come back and eat everything else.
#REVIEW#Stumbled upon the spot. Didn't realize how packed it would be. Once we tried the food it explained everything. My girlfriends and I were drooling over every dish that came out! This is now one of my new NYC favorites. Definitely try the Brussel sprouts!
