#NAME#99 Favor Taste
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/99-favor-taste-new-york-12?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#chinese,hotpot,bbq#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Five stars for exceptional customer service! Servers were so quick and attentive to our party of six. They brought out the food quickly and overall made the experience awesome! This was also the first time that I had servers cook my Korean BBQ for me!This is also a fun place to eat because 1)you can eat free on your birthday 2)you can watch other people have birthday celebrations!!! Also, at the end of your meal, you can scoop yourself AYCE ice cream, in vanilla, chocolate, or strawberry flavor. The hotpot food was really good quality too. I just wish I didn't get the spicy broth because it was way too hot for me. All in all, I highly recommend 99 Favors for your hotpot cravings!
#REVIEW#I am a frequent customer of the Chinatown and Brooklyn locations of 99 Favor Taste, and usually am satisfied with the food and service. But last night, my party was very disappointed by the service that we received. We were seated in a private side room. After our initial order of food and drinks came, no one came to check on us or to ask if we needed to order any additional food. At one point, someone came by and refilled our pots with water. I politely asked him if we could order more food, and he just rudely replied "Yeah yeah yeah..." without even looking at me. He didn't take our order, and he didn't ask anyone else to come either. Eventually we were able to flag down another server. It was my buddy's birthday celebration. They brought out our cake and did their usual song and dance, which was nice, but they literally handed the cake off to the birthday boy. They didn't clear any of our dishes off the table so it was a mess and there was no room for him to even put the cake down. He literally had to hold onto the cake until we found another server to come and clear some room. And even then, she only did it for one side of the table so it was still a mess for the rest of the table. It was a complete joke.
#REVIEW#99 Favors is my favorite Hot Pot place in the city. All plates come out with great speed and always look fresh. Their menu has also seemed to expand since I've been going for the past couple years. Also the sauce bar has everything you need and more. Only problem can be the wait for a table towards dinner time. On several occasions I've had to share booths or tables with other customers (which isn't terrible). Overall the "All You Can Eat" experience is definitely worth the price. This is the only place I go for Hot Pot in Chinatown and will continue going!
#REVIEW#So i randomly yelped this restaurant while i was in the neighborhood waiting for a comedy show to start. This was the 1st time i had had Chinese bbqThe staff are extremly helpful..we had an english speaking serving and she was able to explain how the hot pot and bbq works. We ordered so much meat anf veggies for the hot pot. When the food came, it was so overwhelming because we didn't have enough space to put all the food on the table.The hot pot is very interesting. I had the spicy broth which was flavorful. I just dont like concept of cooking it by myself but i love that you can add everything in to the pot. Its very cool. I think the food is pre cooked so it only takes 20 secs to heat up and cook. The bbq part is my fave because the guy bbqs it for you and all you do is eat lol To be honest, its a lot of food for the price. They have a section for the sauces where you can mix and match sauces to your liking. Its very flavorful and satisfying.In conclusion, this was an amazing experince. My fiance and his sister had a ball. We ended missing the comedy show because we were having such a good time. After all was said and done, we got a complimentary scoop of ice cream from Yelp.
#REVIEW#As you can probably see from the photo, we got a little crazy with the ordering, but no regrets!!! The ingredients were fresh and cooked perfectly- if you haven't had hot pot before, they give you the broth pots to cook on the table top and cook your ingredients. You don't drink the soup- you fish out what you dropped in and dip it in sauce. The broth was well-flavored and the right amount of spice in the spicy option. Great all around! I loved the sauce I made to dip in- soy sauce, sesame oil, garlic, chili oil, cilantro, and vinegar.Also, heads up it's free on your birthday so you'll see a singing monkey and a loud birthday procession with music every table that has a birthday. It was pretty fun! The ice cream is also free by the door- grab a little cup and cone and make sure to grab some as it is super tasty.
#REVIEW#Another decent AYCE hotpot place that won't break the bank! Recommend making a reservation, or coming before 6pm on weekends during dinner time unless you want to wait an hour. Dinner price for all you can eat is a mere $22.99 which, honestly, isn't bad at all for New York City. They have a pretty good selection of meats, fish balls, and veggies. You can order hot food too! The only thing that dissapointed me was how flavorless the broth was (I ordered the kimchi broth), but I guess that's where the sauce bar comes in handy.  Portions were on the bigger side, so I recommend ordering less to begin with. You can always order more as you eat! They also offer korean BBQ in addition to hotpot (or BBQ alone) for an upcharge. Come within 3 days of your birthday for a free ACYE meal (with a party of 4 or more).
#REVIEW#Service: came here for my 24th bday! They allowed us to have 2 table for group of 10 ppl. (Make sure ur full party is there) and the servers worked with us cuz our friends were late.The monkey who sang to us was not having it LOL but I appreciate the effort . Food was pre good! Hometown meat def is marinated more. They also didn't have matcha ice cream merp. The codfish was gr8, the beef, eggplant, tofu skin, the seafood pancake was lit, (their sweet pancake sauce!) and everything else. Sausages and fishball.Their soy sauce is good! 3 birthday ppl got it for freeOthers paid around $30 I believe!
#REVIEW#I always had Korean BBQ so I had high expectations. Sitting down and didn't see any banchan (kimchis stuff) I was a bit sad hahaha And then at 9:30pm on a Sunday night but they ran out of lettuce made me even more uncomfortable. What made it worse was that the staff didn't even bother to offer me something else to substitute for the lettuce until I asked for spinach. I was ready to whip out my phone and give them a 1 star on Yelp but low and behold....a whole 4 stars at the end!!!!! Spinach tastes really well with BBQ meats by the way. So the wait on Sunday night was abt 40 minutes. Then it was so tasty that we decided to come back next day for lunch! No wait for lunch on a Monday. We got seated right away. BBQ 2 days in a row!!! It was that good. I love the way they make their shrimps and mussels. And the spare ribs were amazing. And the lamb. Would love to come back here. To prevent your belongings smell like BBQ, they provide a huge plastic bag to each group.
#REVIEW#If you go on your birthday, your food is free. Best thing is you can even take the hot pot and bbq combo. There is even a free massage (which I didn't take). As far as hot pot goes, you can take 1 broth, 2 broth or 3 broth (benz pot) at no additional cost. All broth contains chicken and pork, if you request they will serve the broth without chicken and pork. I went with spicy, tomato and pork bone. Spicy was my favorite. You can add any meat, veggie or noodles from the menu at no extra cost to add to the hot pot or barbeque. Pumpkin, rice cake and corn were some exceptionally good things for hot pot. There is a sauce station in the back. You need to mix and prepare your own sauce. The only pre mixed sauce I found was 99 favor sauce. I liked it.They will handle the barbeque grill for you, which is cool. Steak rib was my favorite protein in bbq. Asparagus and sweet potato was also good.There is a tiny scoop of ice cream for Yelp check in. Good thing is you can even combine it with your birthday offer. I went for strawberry ice cream. Even if the quantity was less, quality of the ice cream was very good. I could see pieces of real strawberry in it. There are complimentary chewing gums and wet towels at the end, which was nice
#REVIEW#I'm pretty sure "favor" was supposed to be "flavor," but the interestingly wrong name hasn't deterred its huge customer base. There is almost always a wait during the colder months!I've been a few times for the all you can eat Barbeque, and it's pretty good for the variety of food and for the price. The best deal is if you come for someone's birthday! I forget the range of days you can come within your birthday for you to get your meal for free, but if you can plan for it, it makes the experience that much better. Someone dresses up, and sings the birthday song to you in Chinese! Very festive!
#REVIEW#Wow. This was truly a dining experience. I came here for my boyfriend's birthday because you eat for free on your bday (what a deal!). Neither of us had ever done hot pot or Korean BBQ. We were total newbies. Thankfully we were seated with a very nice Asian family who helped us along with the meal. Important things to note:-- It's all you can eat but you don't have to order everything you want in the beginning. (No one explained that to us so we looked quite ridiculous when an entire feast was delivered to our table and the amount of food we ordered could not even fit on the table) my advice is start with a few things and order as you go! -- the weird bags they give you at the beginning are for your jacket or purse/bags that you may have brought with you. It prevents your things from smelling like the grill. -- there's a load of different sauces to dip your meats and veggies that is self serve in the back of the restaurant. -- to get your birthday meal for free I think you are supposed to have a party of 4 or more with you. But I think they felt so bad for us two who were a little confused the entire meal. The food was amazing and it was such a cool experience. I would definitely go back especially now that I know the ropes.
#REVIEW#I'm from the Bay Area where there are a lot of HOT POT/ BBQ places and I'm known to be the hot pot queen! Seeing the good rating and a lot of reviews, I wanted to see what NY hot pot is like. We did not try the BBQ here.The good: I really liked their homemade sauce, it's garlicky sweet. You can add garlic and green onions! The seafood pancake is surprisingly sooooo good, but I stopped myself from ordering a second one because this is a hot pot place I shouldn't be filling on the appetizer. The veggies were good and fresh. The bad: broth is bland, they have very limited meat choices, they only have one kind of beef! And it's not good. It's so loud inside, and they're playing the birthday song almost every 15 mins! It's kinda overboard IMO.For $22 AYCE hot pot, I can't complain much. You get what you pay for.
#REVIEW#We came here after work and it was really good. We didn't have a long wait. We basically got seated and rapidly got served. It's easy we just started ordering and ate so much. It was quick and the food was so fresh. The sauces were really good and I really enjoyed the place. This is the 2nd location I've been to and I've enjoyed every time I've been here! This place never disappoints! I would recommend this place to anyone either a couple or a family or a big group! I think the food is good and definitely a go to for hot pot/ bbq or both.
#REVIEW#tl;drTried to go to Hometown, but was directed here instead. Supremely unimpressed.---Look, let me tell you how to run a AYCE Chinese hot pot resaturant:1. Procure a wide variety of veggies, fish balls, seafood, meat. Protip: stock up on cheap starch like fish balls, fish tofu, dumplings -- those things are low in cost but fill the diners up, so flood them with those options.2. Stock a good sauce bar. Every AYCE hot pot place must have a good sauce bar with many many selections including inane sauces like peanut butter, ketchup, chicken powder (?!). Moar is best. Sauce is king. Do it for the 'gram. Make the diners feel like they are getting a good value. Sodium is cheap.3. ?????4. PROFIT!!!!---We came here one day for lunch inadvertently because Hometown was undergoing some kind of private event. And boy, was this disappointing.They were out of probably about 1/3 of their menu. I'm not sure if they were in the middle of a restock or something but the ordering conversation went like this:"Can we have this?""No we are out of it.""What about this?""We are out of that too.""And this?""Maybe we have that, let me go check."They were out of napa cabbage!! Literal WTF. The last time I checked, you are a Chinese hot pot restaurant located in the MIDDLE OF CHINATOWN where literally there are markets 10 feet away from your restaurant. I understand if you're out of like crab or something, but it is kind of ridiculous for you to be out of cabbage when there are vendors selling cabbage literally right next door. BYOCabbage next time?!A few redeeming qualities: 1. The Chinese herbal broth was quite good.2. They didn't skimp on beef (we loaded up on beef like crazy to make up for the shortage of other options)3. Very fresh shrimp (!)Overall, still not worth it for the $25 we paid post-tax/tip. Side note: you can choose either one individual pot of one flavor or split a big pot with 2 flavors with another person.
#REVIEW#I've been walking by this place for a while wasn't sure what it was, and after reading about it I thought I'd give it a try today for lunch. Usually these types of places aren't happy serving just one person because it's An All you can eat barbecue and hot pot place. And space is money. But as soon as I walked in Echo Greeted me so pleasantly and set me where Nancy explain things to me and the rest is history. I am a true fan, Nancy ,Jason and Echo Were Awesome!I definitely will be back and will bring lots of friends.
#REVIEW#Whenever it's one of my friend's birthday, we inevitably end up eating dinner at 99 Favor. It's hard to go wrong with this place. They have tables of all sizes to accommodate your groups. There are a ton of small individual stoves for your picky eaters. And they have endless ingredients to satisfy everyone's tastebuds. In terms of broths, although I generally like spicy food, their spicy broth has way too much peppercorn. I recommend the kimchi or pork bone instead. The birthday queen/king gets to eat for free (must show ID), and they have a 3 day window.-They get a small bowl of ice cream with a candle. (If it's not your birthday, don't cry. Check in on yelp for your very own ice cream scoop!) -AND there is a DANCING BIRTHDAY MONKEY that comes to your table while they play a taped birthday song.Overall super fun place, and come knowing that you will probably have to waddle out the door from all the good food you're gonna experience here.
#REVIEW#First off, this place is AYCE!I had no idea this place AYCE. First off, this place has a tremendous sauce bar. Nothing is really homemade, but just a ton of variety.Then for the hot pot sauce, there's so many option including tomato sauce. It's a little less acidic than I would prefer, but I love the variety of sauces.Now for the meat and veggies option. The meat, is nothing special IMO. The beef was ok, the lamb was ok, nothing was too special there. What I love here was actually the variety of veggies, seafood, and other small eats and the seafood pancake. The seafood pancake was less doughy than I'm used to and much more chewy, and I really enjoyed that. The veggies were abundant and they had all the veggies that you would want from frozen tofu to winter melon to fungus.If you like eating a variety, this is a great hot pot place for you. If you prefer just meat, there might be better spots than this.
#REVIEW#99 Favor Taste beats Hometown.Both hotpot experiences were within one month of each other, so I can easily say that if I go to hotpot again, it would be at 99. Same great selection of sauces, and slightly more hotpot options than at Hometown. In particular, there's this fish roe dumpling/ball that I love here! I've never had it before until the birthday girl ordered it, but one bite, and the stuff was popping, oozing hot into my mouth and I was sold.I love that this establishment recognizes that no one wants go to the dry cleaners with their outerwear after two hours of bbq/hotpot here, so the first thing they do is help your party stuff your jackets into a big plastic bag. You can wash everything else yourself, but odds are, you're not gonna be able to wash your down jacket, so this is awesome.Our party of four originally wanted to do bbq until we realized how little meat options there were for bbq...so we switched to hotpot. Got the pork bone broth, which they legit put one huge piece of pork bone into. YES.Food was served almost immediately, and while they did forget some orders at the end, they were very willing to agree to two plates of the same meat at once! We were there for definitely more than two hours, but they didn't rush us to leave at all. Skip the carrot juice unless you absolutely love carrots. There was so much pulp/foam at the top, that I barely drank any actual juice. Not worth the price.
#REVIEW#I love hotpot with a passion and this is why I try to drag anyone and everyone I can to go with me. Me and my friend went with the hotpot and bbq which comes to $33.Certain tips:1. It's only one hotpot per table. So if you have dietary restrictions be careful what broth you choose. The staff was really helpful in walking me through which has pork in it.2. It is endless amounts of food. No need to rush. 3. Go for the bbq. There are so many cuts of meat. It's plentiful and really pairs well with the hotpot. 4. Icecream at the end you get when you leave the restaurant. My friend really loved the icecream, saying that it was special. I didn't notice. But icecream after hot spicy food is a delight.5. They are very particular about the 2 hour period. They will nudge you to leave as soon as the time is up. Make reservations. It gets really busy.For me I loved that the staff was very helpful and friendly about helping me pick out things without pork. The lady that was grilling the meats decided to do the pork last, so there wouldn't be any cross contamination. That is stellar customer service. Also for your birthday you get a free meal. I can't wait to be back.
#REVIEW#Open late which was a relief! Our flight got in after 12am and we're worried about getting dinner. This hot pot place has a pretty reasonable menu pricing. We got a mix of hot pot and bbq. I do believe the staff teased us because my friend understands mandarin, but I'd still recommend this spot!
