#NAME#Verlaine
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/verlaine-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tapasmallplates,lounges,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Asian fusion dimly lit Bar Lounge & Restaurant on the Lower East Side known for its Happy Hour until 10pm! Vietnamese inspired cocktails and famous for their Lychee Martinis. We got lured in after learning they offer happy hour till 10pm and I honestly wanted to try their (so hyped) lychee martini. Yes, its tasty but not sure worth a special trip there).  Spacious place with high ceilings, minimal décor and very loud music. We were told that on weekends 3 people have to share a table for 2 so we had to snuggle 2 in one side (bench side) and 1 across. Honestly that is not very inducive for dinner...we would have made different plans if we knew but... oh well we were there already! As I said lychee martini was good but not fantastic. Now lets move on to the food:*Chicken satay*Sake shrimp skewers*Short rib sliders*Vietnamese rice noodles*Chili lemon grilled salmon*Honey ginger salmon Food was pretty good and service was friendly but got progressively slower where we had to chase our waitress for the check
#REVIEW#I went to Verlaine around 8 pm on a Thursday to partake in Verlaine's happy hour that runs from 5-10 pm. There were open tables, but in order to sit at one of their tables you need to order food. We ordered the Red Sangria, Martini, and Chicken Satay. The Chicken Satay was a bit dry and the peanut sauce was a bit thick. The Sangria was also very thick - not as refreshing as a typical sangria. It also had a fruit that looked like a white rasberry/shrimp. Was not very appetizing to look at while drinking. The martini was better than the sangria, but still not excellent. Service was adequate, but not super attentive.Overall you get what you pay for, and with Verlaine's deals one should expect to get mediocre drinks and service.
#REVIEW#So disappointed in Verlaine! I had heard great things about this restaurant for a great happy hour and good noodles. I went with a group of 6 and we had a reservation at 7:15 on Wednesday night (though I don't think we needed the res, it was fairly empty when we showed up.) We were seated at the front of the restaurant near the window which was nice since the whole place is very very dark and overall difficult to see anything, so the window allowed us to actually read the menu without the aid of a phone flashlight. The low table and club style couch/ottoman seating meant all of our necks and backs hurt by the end of the meal from leaning over to eat. Probably would have been a more pleasurable experience if we were seated at a traditional height table.We started off which the $7 happy hour lychee martini special. Pretty good, though heavy handed with the lychee juice (very very sweet.)  We ordered two orders of dumplings (one of each kind, one steamed and one fried) as an appetizer alongside a few dipping sauces, and we all ordered either the lo mein or rice noodles as an entree. We waited for quite a while for our food (not a huge deal since we weren't in a rush, but we were starving!) Disappointingly, our entrees came out before the appetizers, and they forgot the three dipping sauces until we asked about them. Our server had a bit of attitude the whole night and was particularly annoyed when we asked her to tell us which sauce was which. The dumplings were ok, nothing special. Glad we asked for the dipping sauces though because the noodles were very very bland. We all dumped peanut sauce and Vietnamese mayo all over our bowls to add some sort of flavor. The evening went downhill when one of the candle jars on our table cracked, causing a piece of glass to land in the peanut sauce bowl. Probably just cheap glass jars that can't handle being at such a high temperature for such a long period of time. Our waitress again seemed annoyed with us, and took the broken candle away as well as the piece of glass that flew into the peanut sauce bowl - but left the peanut sauce. What?!?!?! Did she think we would still eat that?!All in all - food was subpar, the service was poor, and the dim lighting and loud music made it difficult to have any sort of conversation. The prices are decent but not enough to warrant a trip back.
#REVIEW#Nice spot near Essex Street for a great time peach  after work or on the weekend. Came here after work exactly at 5 and started with some Lychee cocktails. The drinks were yummy and strong; paired with my honey-ginger salmon and coconut rice - this place was a win! There were some issues though - you literally feel as if you're on top of the other person next to you when you sit because the tables are so close to each other which makes getting up such a hassle. So, I knocked off one star for the lack of space. Besides that, I will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#This place was awesome! I came here with my girlfriend on a random Wednesday and it was busy! New York really is the city that never sleeps!We had the Fish Tacos and the Shrimp Wontons! They were delicious. I especially liked the sauces that were slathered all over the place. Yummy.Decor is very trendy and it has a very cool ambiance. Servers were fast and friendly. Our server also gave us a few recommendations to the menu which were much appreciated.I had a few sangrias and they were delicious! I'm not going to lie I was a bit tiddly when I walked out the door...I also forgot my glasses there and the server came rushing out after me! Thank goodness because that would have been awful to lose my precious eyesight.
#REVIEW#Happy hour until 10PM. Do I need to say more?$7 Lychee martinis... Need I say moreee?!Well, if I must, know that those lychee martinis are not just hype. They're easy to drink and not weak.Food is not bad although it's not what I'll usually come here for.If you come early enough, you'll be lucky to snag a seat without the wait. Otherwise, the wait can be long. There's also no good spot to wait... The space gets tight.A good spot to go with a small group of your girlfriends.This can also be a good date spot, although it gets really loud and you might have to scream when having a conversation... so... maybe not a good first date spot. In my opinion. Because this is my review right?
#REVIEW#Don't you just love finding a place you'd never heard of before?Yesterday I was in Soho with the bestie checking out an art exhibit, we'd planned to go to happy hour afterwards but after a quick shopping detour we were still undecided. A short google search later (weekend happy hour) we realized Verlaine was nearby...a quick Uber ride later (we're hella lazy) we were getting candy at Economy (we are also millennials with horrible attention spans lol). Once we'd FINALLY gotten into Verlaine it was super cute! A loungey area in the front, a nice bar, and a sleek row/column of tables going to the back of the restaurant. We originally asked for a table and once seated asked to be switched to the lounge area (because again, indecisive). Then proceeded to order; five spiced calamari, crispy wings, hot chips, coconut curry shrimp, extra chips, extra dips, six red sangrias, three lychee martinis, and a gin and tonic. Verlaine is super freaking trendy! Happy hour until 10pm! Drinks are great! It looked to be a great date spot! The food has potential, we were drinking so we needed salty food bites. Our choices didn't do it for us, the sauce that accompanies the wings (might just be plain soy sauce) was the lifesaver for all the food we tried. Everyone who'd ordered food around us seemed to really enjoy their food though. The service, great!!!We'll be back!
#REVIEW#This place is in a great location and has a fantastic happy hour with cool Asian fusion tapas. 5-10 pm...you can't beat that! Especially when lychee mojitos (I think mojito haha) are on happy hour. It has a nice vibe inside and is definitely a cute date spot. On different nights of the week they have rumba and salsa dancing, which adds some extra flavor.
#REVIEW#Happy Birthday to me!!!Happy Hour is legit!!!!Dem wangs and sliders!!!!Coconut curry was on point!!!!Oh what a night!!!#club50Oh the lychee martinis are some slippery suckers!!!!
#REVIEW#This place was such a vibe! During my visit to New York, my friend told me this was a place we must go to because they had happy hour until 10pm. We got to the restaurant at about 9pm and it was packed! I was confused as to whether it was a restaurant or a lounge lol. We just got lucky and were able to be seated in the back that accommodated 6, although we had 7 in our party. So obviously we had to squeeze in and were really close to the guests next to us.We immediately ordered their famous $7 lychee martini (during happy hour). It was so good!! I'm not much of a drinker, so I definitely tasted the alcohol right away but it was still sweet enough. I ordered 3 and definitely felt good afterwards. We ordered calamari for the table to share as well as the shrimp wontons. The calamari was delicious! The shrimp wontons were really good, too. They were not stingy on the shrimp, so I was happy about that.The service was not the greatest. The waitress was not attentive. We kept having to flag her down to get more drinks before the happy hour ended and for water as well. This place can get very expensive, if you're not keeping track of what you order. Overall, a really great vibe and I would definitely visit again.
#REVIEW#Food and drinks were very good. Ian was the bartender so how could the drinks be bad seriously! I usually sit at the bar and have amazing service. My server Lauren started out really well when I got there. My friends said she gave us a hard time about getting a table for 7. Then I questioned receiving a drink. She said I know I dropped it off but I'll make another one just this one time. I felt offended because I wouldn't lie. I can afford to pay for another drink if I wanted it. We had a lot of people and I asked to split the bill on 2 cards then put the cash and she said normal people take the cash first. She was too sarcastic for my liking. I will ALWAYS sit at the bar in the future. I will not bring a group because I was embarrassed that my friends from California spent their last night here and didn't have the best time.
#REVIEW#Ok so the plus is definitely that the happy hour is 5-10 pm and it's on weekends as well.I came here on a Saturday night and we just stood by the bar. The seats are for people who would like dinner too (not just for drinking). Also, just a quick note- I tried to make a reservation for a bigger group like 6-10 people in advance but there's a minimum spending for that like $280-400 so I decided not to go for that! It was a fun experience! The ambiance is so nice with lanterns on the wall, mood lighting, and the walls have a mural with lychees painted onto it.For how crowded it was, I would say the bartenders were very good and processed orders quickly and took notice of everyone. I liked the actual lychees (they put 3 lychees in) the lychee martini. I thought the drink was good but a little strong for me. I really enjoyed the red sangria and recommend that as well.
#REVIEW#Everyone was talking about the lychee martini, so that's what I had. It was sweet and refreshing. Not sure how much alcohol was in it though. Ambience was quite nice (4/5). There was a sign that said only those who were ordering food could be seated at a table, so people who were just ordering drinks had to stand around the bar area. It definitely got crowded and there was a lot of bumping into each other since the space was narrow.
#REVIEW#So here's the thing about why Verlaine and why it's not quite 5 stars to me. My friend and I went for dinner here a few weeks ago. It's not a large place, which means that tables are all cramped nearby but hey, it's New York, so that's fine. We were seated and handed a menu, just one. By the time our waiter came by to ask, we had already handed the menu back and forth and tried to both look off of one in the dim lighting. We ordered our drinks and asked for a second menu anyway, to really get a good view of what was offered. When ordering the drinks, however, I had asked for my cocktail to be with vodka instead of the original gin that it came with. I cannot describe the look the waiter gave me. "I don't think they'll be able to substitute it at the bar and it would probably cost extra." I responded that this was a simple cocktail and all you had to do was pour vodka instead of gin, and if that means that I have to pay extra, while ridiculous, I'll do it as I don't drink gin and the cocktail sounded like it'd be just fine with vodka. He got all prissy and said he'll check at the bar and get back to me. I get it, some cocktails are crafted based on the liquor which is poured but if I ask for it with a different alcohol, it shouldn't be a big deal to change it. I am fully aware of the fact that it might change the taste. I'm a big girl, I can handle it.It took, and I kid you not, upwards of 15 minutes for the waiter to bring a menu, at which point I told him it was pointless, so he took it back. He rolled his eyes as though I put him at a disposition! I told him I can order but he either didn't hear or didn't want because he walked away before I could order our food. My friend was in the restroom at the time but when she returned, the waiter had come back with our drinks, didn't say anything about the change; it was with vodka and he seemed personally offended by the change. My friend said to him that we asked for the menu and, while I corrected her saying that he brought it and I told him it was pointless, he rolled his eyes and got defensive. Oh man, calm your tits.We ordered the sauted mushroom tacos, the spicy chicken dumplings, the summer rolls, and the sliders.The tacos one summer rolls were delicious! The chicken dumplings did not look or taste like dumplings but they were likewise delicious, although there was so much sauce that it looked more like a chicken dumplings soup. The sliders weren't great; they were dry and missing something, can't quite place my finger on what but they were far from the best.I'm still giving it 4 stars because the cocktails and food were delicious (for the most part) and the environment is super cool but this waiter left a bad taste in my mouth. We asked for the bill; he brought it over, placed it down, no thank you, no hope you enjoyed, nothing. Okay. We still left 20% because being a waiter can be tough and maybe he was having a bad night, and I personally don't believe in tipping poorly. We had mentioned the experience to another waiter (maybe a higher position like a manager) and she seemed apologetic and brought us a round of shots as a consolation. That was nice.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Friday night; the place was absolutely packed. Luckily for 2 people we were able to get a seat within 10 minutes. However, they are very clear that both people must eat dinner in order to get a table. The place is very upbeat  but with dim lighting that creates a sexy atmosphere. I think the main draw is their awesome happy hour deal from 5-10pm. We tried their lychee martinis (included in the happy hour deal), the southeast salad with shrimp, the summer rolls, and the hoison beef with snow peas. I was very happy with the drinks and the southeast salad. I wouldn't recommend the summer rolls which were kind of tasteless. The service was also not great, but I'm sure our waittress had a lot to deal with that night.Overall, I think it's a fun place with a great happy hour deal but be prepared for a large loud crowd!
#REVIEW#Verlaine is a really nice spot for late night happy hour, runs from 5pm-11pm every night! They have amazing lychee martinis, just sweet enough and very strong! The place is very narrow and gets crowded really fast and  it takes a while to get seated because the hostess also acts as a waitress. They wont seat you until the whole party is there, so make sure you all arrive on time.  The edamame hummus was amazing and a must get! Spicy and smooth consistency, comes with wonton chips. The mushroom tacos were also very good, flavorful but not overdone.
#REVIEW#It was my first time here and I came for my birthday with my mom and a few friends. Everything was amazing except for the calamari which was a bit oily for my tastes. I would absolutely recommend it to others. Special mention to the meat dumplings and the short rib sliders.
#REVIEW#I went here for the first time for a tinder meet up, August 15 to be wxa. Although the company wasn't so great the wings and drinks were! Can you believe I requested all flats and they obliged.... Amazing!!!! Happy that I now live only a few blocks away. Think I'll go back very soon on my way home.
#REVIEW#Great happy hour! The lychee martinis are very doable and the red sangria wasn't bad wither. I'd recommend the mushroom tacos!! Hoppin and loud, very you g vibe, but they class it up with candles ;) I'd come back for happy hour again
#REVIEW#MAN LISTENNNNN! The chicken wings are to die for. First and foremost i'm not a fan of Thai food like I could do without it buttt the chicken wings were so damn delicious. My friends and I arrived here on an unplanned evening and were totally satisfied. The ambiance is so cute and perfect for a date night. I tried their infamous drink but soon found out I could careless for the fruit used for the drink lol. The rice was also more on the spicy side so all my non-spicy eating warriors stay away from the rice lol. I would definitely return and recommend this place to anyone looking for calm setting with a nice ambiance and tasty food.
