#NAME#Jajaja
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jajaja-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#mexican,vegan,bars#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#If you're in the mood for delicious vegan Mexican, and tasty cocktails, GO HERE! Go now! This spot is definitely one of NYC's hidden gems in Manhattan's Chinatown. I confused the location with another place, and thought I was lost. My "accident" turned into a wonderful discovery. I invited a friend along, and she was thoroughly impressed. She loved the Pupusas, and couldn't believe they were vegan! Our bartender was amazing, and the rest of the staff were very charming. We're definitely going back again!
#REVIEW#Came here on Sunday for lunch. Thankfully the wait was under 5 minutes for a table (the whole party has to be present before being seated).We got the guacamole to share, and for my entree I ordered the Enchiladas Mole. Wow, the palm carnitas were extremely convincing in terms of texture to shredded pork! The Spanish rice tasted a bit old, but the mole had a bit of a kick and flavor-wise was on point. The guacamole was okay. Nothing too special other than the fact that it came with gigantic tortilla chips.Price-wise, it's obviously more expensive than your local taqueria, but not outrageously expensive. Overall, I loved the food, I loved the vibes inside, and would love to be back to try their other menu offerings.
#REVIEW#Easily one of the best vegan places to eat at. The place is small and they don't seat you until you party is there; so there is a wait time. However, the servers are really efficient and are very honest about the wait time. Plus, they told me 30 min but I only waited then for my group of 4! Everything is really pretty, but in a broken kind of way...if that makes sense. Our drinks: the horchata and the lemonade were deliciousOur app: nachos- AMAZING. If someone told me that it had cheese on it, I would believe them. It was perfectly cheese, and the "meat" was so good. It's hard to believe it was ALL VEGAN.Our entrees: chorizo burrito (very filling,I had a hard time finishing it!), the kale salad (light, refreshing!), the eggplant torta (INCREDIBLE, crispy, subtle) and the queso quesadilla (so filling!)Their sauces: the hot sauce was Too hot for me, and their medium was similar to buffalo sauce. They're charcoal hot sauce was AMAZING. It tastes similar to Indian food and it was beautiful. We literally bought a bottle.BUT THE BEST THING WAS DESSERT: there is a coconut dream cake that is pricey BUT WORTH IT. There are fresh coconut meat and dates in this cake. My friend who does not eat sweet was blown away.Such a great place and such amazing service! These people are so kind!
#REVIEW#I've been coming to jajaja for years and every time I try anything other than chorizo burrito and mushroom quesadilla am disappointed. I always take food to go because the servers here are rude and it's always chaotic. The very for time I went here we got a seat we were cramped up next to other people literally joined tables. And the server just grabbed the plate as am finishing my food. It was so rude I felt so rushed!! I know you are busy but god damn. I still like certain dishes from the menu, that keep me coming back. So this place is just for the yummy spicy delicious burrito and the coconut dessert it's creamy and delicious after some spicy burrito.
#REVIEW#2.5/5 but bumped up for the yummy nachos. Went with two other friends - all agreed food was crazy salty and pretty mediocre. Not worth the hype, but the food isn't disgusting. Just ehhhhSpace isn't as tiny as I thought it would be, but boy is it LOUD. Music loud, people loud, guess that's what happens when it's a "trendy" and "popping" spot. They won't seat you until your entire party is here, and I'd say service is pretty non-existent. Go yo own water basically (and you're gonna need a lot of water after eating the food).Nachos with guacamole ($16 for a small): portion big enough for three people to munch on, and visually, this looked pretty great! Guac was stacked way up high, but guacamole wasn't anything spectacular (truly average) so don't opt for that extra $3 to add it. Really loved the "chorizo" part of this starter, soo good! Tasted like a lighter and softer version of the real thingHijiki-Hearts of Palm Ceviche ($12): what even is this? Has a tartness that I didn't care for, and while I liked each component individually, together it didn't please my mouth. Probably only had four small bites of this. Plantain chips were alright, definitely had better at Empanada MamaEnchiladas Mole ($14): "carnitas" were jackfruit (I think) and visually, it did  look like pulled pork, but my first bite was already...uhhh not good, this tastes weird! Carnitas on the sour side, and the bites were kind of like eating the broccoli stem... This dish in particular was CRAZY salty, so you can say my sodium intake is off the charts high today thanks to Jajaja. Breaky Burrito ($13): oat sausage and "egg" scramble burrito. Besides OD-ing on the salt today, they also poured an entire can of beans into this burrito, so much that it's almost impossible to eat anything else. Wasn't too fond of the egg scramble either.Overall, just NOT impressed with the food. Flavors aren't there, "meat" could've been a whole lot better, and somebody needed to take a "pinch of salt" more seriously when cooking. This isn't my first time eating vegan food, nor will it be my last time being disappointed by another vegan food adventure -.-
#REVIEW#Vegan Mexican Restaurant in LES/Chinatown area*they do take reservations*Decor: Super instagrammable interiorService: Friendly and efficientHot sauces: the medium one on the table is the best oneFood: Simple, clean, while packing tons of flavor- Crispy fish tacos (this was the bomb.com and if I could eat this everyday I'd die happy)- Verde Enchiladas: I'd give this a 3.5 out of 5- Rainbow chard: 4 out of 5
#REVIEW#I'd heard about this place as having good Mexican food, but the quantifier that it was 'good for being a vegan restaurant' scared me a little.  Despite the fear, I figured it was worth a try, and I'll say that I was happily surprised by the food.  The service, however, left a bad taste in my mouth.The space is tiny, which makes getting a table here a little difficult, especially because their lack of reservations.  I'm still not exactly sure why a place this busy needs to only accept walk-ins.  Anyway, the space has a vibe of a cute Mexican café with plants overhanging the tables, which I appreciated.  The drinks were standard, although I had ordered a drink with 'frozen' Aperol, and I was later today that something was wrong with the freezing machine, so I had to change my order.The food was great.  The nachos were inexpensive, spicy, and plentiful!  And the papusas, burrito, and street corn were delicious!  Highlights were the papusas and the street corn, especially considering the vegan perspective.  A warning though:  the burrito and nachos may be too spicy for the average José.If the food was the only thing that I cared about, I would have easily given this place 4...maybe 5 stars.  Unfortunately the service left something to be desired.  During our meal, the couple beside us, who didn't see to be lingering for an extended period, was asked to leave to make room for others.  Also, we were asked to change tables midway through our meal to accommodate a larger group and table arrangements.  Needless to say, I was a little put off by the musical chairs request during the meal.I'd happily return here for the food alone, and maybe after the popularity of this place dies down the staff will feel more compelled to treat patrons a little bit better.  I'll wait until then to pay another visit though.
#REVIEW#Got the quesadilla. Super small portions all around but filling. It was good but not AMAZING. The flour tortilla was soggy from all the veggies and sauces. Wish I'd gotten the chorizo burrito instead. I wouldn't come here over Blockheads, which also has vegan tex-mex food but massive portions and super cheap drinks. The water comes with mint and other flowery things in it, but they have no smell so not sure how often the servers change the flowers out of the bottles.
#REVIEW#TLDR: food was delicious, it left me impressed. Would definitely come again and I have no dietary restriction. Great ambiance, has take out service, and has something great for everyone. Came in with a friend for lunch and was quickly seated. We ordered loaded nachos, coconut queso quesadilla, and the chorizo burrito. The nachos were crispy and loaded with lots of delicious toppings. The nachos without guacamole were enough to fill me and my friend up. Be careful of the dried peppers, they are very hot.  The coconut quesadilla left me very impressed. It wasn't until my last quesadilla that I realized the cheese on top is actually coconut! I was fooled. The mushroom and basil taste resembled pesto. The tortilla had a nice crunch when biting into it as well.The chorizo burrito also had a crispy tortilla on the bottom. It tasted like well seasoned meat and was very savory.Ambiance was beautiful, the theming reminded me of a small, aged, town. A great spot to take someone out on a date.My only issue with the food was next time, I would request the sauce on the side for the burrito so that I could eat it with my hands rather than a fork and knife (the sauce made great presentation though!)Overall, for someone who isn't a vegan, I was impressed with how great food can be made without using any animal byproducts. If you are up for trying something new, I recommended giving this place a try.
#REVIEW#I was so impressed by my experience at Jajaja! I had read a ton of positive Yelp reviews before going. I was hoping it was as good as it sounded, and it was! The decor and vibe in Jajaja is so cute and fun. I loved simply being there. The service was fantastic and every employee was friendly. Here is what we ordered:- almond milk horchata: amazing! Sweet, but not too sweet with a great cinnamon flavor. - the nachos: I saw these on Instagram and Yelp the most so I had to try them. They were amazing. The flavor of the chorizo was excellent. Loved the green sauce that was drizzled on top of the nachos. Great for sharing with a group. - the "fish" tacos: I really enjoyed these battered squash tacos. They did not taste like fish. I don't know how to describe the flavor but they were really good. -the street corn: yum! the street corn comes roasted on the cob covered in some type of "cheese." The corn was amazing. If I had room to eat more items from their menu I would have ordered more, but that just means that I will have to go back and try different items. The dessert menu looked very good. I would recommend everything we ate because it was all delicious! Looking forward to coming back here!
#REVIEW#My friend and I came to Jajaja at 11am (opening) on a Sunday.  They do not take reservations on weekends so come early or at an off time if you do not want to wait!  The interior is trendy and has lots of natural light for amazing food pictures.  This was my first time eating at a vegan place, so I did not know what to expect.  We ordered guacamole ($8), coconut queso quesadilla ($12), and turmeric cauliflower rice bowl with chorizo ($17).  The food was plated beautifully!  The guacamole had such a fresh avocado taste and was so addictive.  I could not believe how much I enjoyed my quesadilla.  Who knew veggies could taste that good!!  Portion size was generous and flavors were delicious.  My friend also enjoyed her rice bowl.  I tried the "chorizo" and it actually tasted like meat.  Again, I'm a vegan noob, but as someone who is a meat lover, I really enjoyed the food here and would definitely come back.  Yes, it's pricey for vegetables but the flavor and presentation made it worth it to me.Service here was on the slower side.  While it was nice that they did not rush us out (the restaurant is small so I can see them needing to do this), we had to wait long for someone to take our order and bring/come back for the check.  Dining here opened my eyes to the world of tasty vegan food!
#REVIEW#Jajaja is dope. I'm a faux pescetarian, which means vegan restaurants have to be really freaking good for me to eat there. Jajaja is ELITE.So it's kind of small, so it's best to have reservations, but you can order at the bar. The restaurant is also really beautiful and it makes me feel happy! Good music, too. Everything is vegan, including their drinks. I had an agave lemonade, which was so refreshing and had a nice kick! So I ordered 2.I also ordered their coconut cream quesadilla! My friend ordered their fish tacos and street corn. I didn't sample her food, but she loved it, and she's not vegan by any means. My quesadilla was tasty; the meal was filling, yet I didn't feel heavy.I would 200% come here again.
#REVIEW#Amazing vegan Mexican food!WAIT: Came on a Saturday at 6:00 pm and there was an hour wait for 2 people! I was so shocked but I guess the inside is pretty small and some people make reservations.  Luckily, the bar is first come first serve and there were 2 seats open so my husband and I quickly grabbed it.ATMOSPHERE: The inside is lively and fun, I could see this being a nice date restaurant, restaurant to go with the girls etc.  They have a take out area on the right and the restaurant with the bar on the left.  The atmosphere is somewhat loud but not so loud that you can't hear the person next to you.FOOD: It's all vegan, which is amazing.  They serve all kinds of Mexican dishes such as burritos, tacos, tortas etc.SMALL NACHOS - when I saw the nachos on yelp I knew I had to try them.  I have been craving nachos for a while and the small was perfect to share or even eat as your own meal.  The chips are crispy and perfectly fried with a light salt to them.  They come drizzled with beans, a green sauce, "queso" and their vegan chorizo.  The green sauce is spicy and my mouth was dying towards the end (but I can't take spicy in general).  Their chorizo tastes like normal chorizo and I honestly could barely tell the difference because they use good seasonings. TACOS - husband got the chorizo tacos and said they were good.  one order comes with 2 so it's about $4/taco. he did say though that he wished the tortilla was a bit softer.  he is not vegan and said he could barely tell and thought that if he took people here and didn't tell them they wouldn't notice.EGGPLANT TORTA - this torta is huge! definitely enough for 1 person or for 2 people to share if you have other items.  It's cut into 3 pieces and half dipped in this spicy, red sauce.  The eggplant is thinly sliced and fried so each bite has a bit of that fried/crunch to it.  The sauces are good and the bread...oh the bread was soft and fresh with a slight chew.  I really enjoyed the torta.Overall, we were very impressed with this restaurant since they were serving vegan food that doesn't taste vegan.
#REVIEW#I've tried to come here multiple times because there's always a long wait, but finally snagged a spot during Saturday lunch. This place is definitely worth the wait and lives up to the hype!Everything we tried on the menu had tons of flavor, not shy on the spicy, and you almost forget everything's vegan! The chorizo nachos with guacamole were really good. They drenched it with toppings and the chips were extra crispy. I got the crispy chayote fish tacos while my boyfriend got the chorizo burrito. The fish tacos had a great texture to it with the squash and I liked the touch of sweetness from the almond butter sauce. The chorizo burrito was slathered in delicious sauces and packed with flavor with the chorizo and potatoes on the inside. The decor of the restaurant is also adorable! Can't wait to come back here. Whether you're vegan or not, this should be a go to spot for you.
#REVIEW#You guys! The food here was love!! - A Faux Vegan Woman. I decided back in December to eliminate meat from my diet. Every now and then I start foaming at the mouth, and my veins implode over the want of chicken, but aside from that seafood has been holding it down.As for my run in with vegan food, I am either turned on or all the way off by it. For reference, places that seem to dip and fry a bunch of soy (like the popular Champ's) just do not do it for me. I loved Jajaja because of all the plant based options.Food: GET THE NACHOS! these were easily the best nachos I have ever had, and I can't believe I am even writing this lol. Seriously, they were amazing. The vegan chorizo and just everything was perfect. Shout out to the other reviews that raved about them, and made me immediately place an order. Papusas - These were good, but y'all are tripping thinking this dish shouldn't automatically come with a side of rice & beans, corn... something... anything. If it weren't for the reviews stating how small they were, and the nachos devoured before this, I would have been caught slipping and still hungry.Burritos - I didn't order this or try it because I felt the Nachos fulfilled my vegan chorizo needs, but others in my group did and they loved it. The only thing to note is the sauces on top are spicy, so let them know ahead of time what you prefer if spice isn't your thing.  Drinks: Horachata was yummy, as well as my Matcha y Coconut. Who knew matcha and coconut made magic? (honestly, I did because I order a matcha latte with coconut milk from Starbucks, but that's beside the point here). I recommend either! Overall: Good service. Good food.The establishment is small and the table set up may not be ideal as you are super close to others if you are seated at the tables rather than the few 4 person booths.I think it's strange that through Yelp, they only allow you reserve a spot during the day at very select times, and you can only opt for 2 people. I would suggest that they should at least allow folks to join the wait-list from the app (and up the amount of people to at least 4). With that said, for those wanting to come here you should keep in mind that you may have to wait. When we arrived at 6:45 on a Thursday night, the wait was 30-45 min. Get the nachos.
#REVIEW#Review from a meat eater! After a few weeks of thinking about my experience here, I have concluded that it was pleasant.  Would I return on my own? No. If I had another vegan friend who wanted to go? Sure.The best part was the nachos -- those were very good and hard to know they were even vegan.  The "cervice" was also pretty good, but stay away if you don't like a salty/briney taste.The "fish" tacos were very disappointing. Burrito was okay.
#REVIEW#Table for 2 on Saturday around 3pm was a 20-30 min wait but on a hot day in May I didn't mind sitting across the street near the park to relax.Once inside seated immediately & the waitress came with water $ menus. The restaurant is small so but very clean (as well as the restroom) We both had the quesadilla an loved it. I didn't try the cocktails but everyone around seemed to be enjoying them
#REVIEW#Happy I finally got to try this place out! As we arrived we signed up for their waitlist and after fifteen minutes we got a text and walked right over! Super friendly and prompt service. Got the guacamole and nachos as an appetizer since everybody was raving how great their guacamole is! It was delicious indeed and it was interesting with peas in guac! Only thing I would have changed is that I wish it would have come with more nachos.For mains I had the Chorizo Burrito and my husband got the Enchiladas Mole. Both were delicious!I'll definitely come back if I'm in the neighborhood.
#REVIEW#I have heard such great things about Jajaja, so I have been wanting to go here for quite some time now. So my friend and I decided to come here last Thursday for dinner, although neither of us are vegan! I extensively looked at the menu before I got here, and I still couldn't choose what I wanted because everything looked so good. We decided to have the chorizo nachos for an appetizer and they were so so so good. They were a big portion, with a lot of guac and toppings. For my entree, I had the chorizo burrito and WOW, so good! It is served with 3 different sauces on it, and they were spicy, so if you have a low spice tolerance, you may want to order something else. It was also a huge burrito, I could not finish it.Now, being not vegan, I really do enjoy meat, so I was curious how I would like everything. Being someone that has zero dietary restrictions and eats everything, I loved it all. There was 'chorizo' in my meals, but obviously fake meat, and I actually couldn't tell the difference. If I didn't know it was a vegan restaurant, I would have thought it was real!The restaurant itself is also very cute and "instagram-able." Small but we used Yelp Waitlist and it worked well, my friend got there first, and once I arrived we were able to sit right away. I also had a tequila drink that was served w a flower in it and it was really presented beautifully. Everything for that matter was platted really great. Definitely can't wait to come back here.
#REVIEW#I honestly can't believe how good the food is here?!?! I love that it's amazing, quality food and a place I can finally take friends that are vegetarian or vegan without having to worry about the menu working for them. I've come for lunch during the weekdays and though it may get full at some point, I've never really had to wait for a table at this gorgeously decorated restaurant. There is so much attention to detail, with even flowers and mint in the water they give you. The staff is also attentive and always in a good mood, and the food comes out quite fast! I'm thoroughly addicted to the buffalo cauliflower tacos, they are absolutely phenomenal in every way and I can eat an entire bowl of tempura cauliflower covered in their buffalo sauce. For two fairly large tacos, the price point ($8) is very fair. The chorizo burrito is also a great brunchy item that's perfect for those who love spicy foods. Also got the nachos and took a risk to take them home and they were still so good even while they were soggy lol. Highly recommend and definitely coming back for the drinks! Honestly the best vegan restaurant I've been to in New York.
