#NAME#Wafels & Dinges
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/wafels-and-dinges-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#belgian,waffles,foodtrucks#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#I've been going to this place ever since it opened. The liege waffle is a must. I always the BOM with Nutella and it's soooo good. Not the cheapest waffle place but prices have been going up ever since they opened.
#REVIEW#Right of the pier over the Hudson so the scenery was beautiful. Not much of a chocolate fan but this was subtly really good even after being drenched in fudge. The ice cream wasn't too sweet , it reminded me of a more organic ice cream. Me and my boyfriend just happened about it random on an adventure for my food blog on Instagram ( @uhplace2taste check it out for more places and pictures). The man was really sweet even when it took me a very long time to decide on my toppings and he piled on the sweets for us. Definitely would go back again.
#REVIEW#I had gingerbread cookie and vanilla ice cream today at their Bryant Park truck and... WOW... just wow!$7 ice cream that's totally worth it for onceAlso, the server was the nicest ever!
#REVIEW#So glad we noticed this place, cause I'm still speechless. Super delicious, definitely coming back here again.
#REVIEW#*based off customer service. Dessert here is a solid 4 stars ofc it's delicious. I saw a random truck in bay ridge Brooklyn today and I walked up to it. There was only 2 workers so I asked one when they're moving locations cause I had to go to work but still wanted some waffle. and he literally ignored me lol then I said excuse me cause maybe he didn't hear me right; and he proceeds to give me the index finger so rudely saying he's on the phone. Whatever then I walked up closer to the window where another worker was and I stared at him for a good 45 seconds and he looked up time to time. Didn't open the window or anything ...???? So I just walked away. So dissatisfied with the customer service.
#REVIEW#We stumbled upon the Times Square location and boy am I glad! We were craving ice cream and this seemed like the place to get a fix. They had a choice of 2 flavors... vanilla and gingerbread. I've never in my life heard of gingerbread ice cream, so I was intrigued. HOLY GEEZ!!! I think I've found my all time favorite ice cream! There are chunk of gingerbread in every bite. The ice cream was smooth and not overpowering. It's kind of a bummer they don't have these on the west coast! Next time I'm in New York, I'm definitely going to get this gingerbread ice cream again and hopefully try a waffle. 5 Stars for the location and the damn good ice cream!
#REVIEW#This place has yet to disappoint me. Every time I go to the city, I have to get one of these waffles! I usually go to the one in Bryant Park cause it's the closest one I can find. They never skimp out on the amount of ice cream and the waffle is just so good. The warmness of it with the cold ice cream is the best combination out there. You can build your own or order from the menu. They have many toppings including fruit for the ones out there who'd rather have it healthy. The prices can vary from 8 to 13 dollars, so it's really not bad for the amount you're getting. It's so worth every penny. If you're ever in the city this is a must have!
#REVIEW#We were visiting NYC and tried these waffles one morning. Oh my gosh, they were soooooo good! We ended up going to two other locations in the city, got different ones each time and were never disappointed. Could eat for breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert. They are very sweet but worth it. Definitely worth trying! Just glad we don't have these at home...
#REVIEW#Wafels & Dinges is a Belgian waffle food truck at one of the entrances of Central Park. They have all sorts of topping options! We got The Bom (vanilla ice cream) with Speculoos cookie spread and chocolate fudge. The chocolate fudge works perfectly with the ice cream and waffle, Speculoos not needed. The waffle was so soft, chewy and warm, everything together felt like heaven in my mouth. I wish we had W&D in the Bay Area!
#REVIEW#The smells coming out of any one of their locations is insane! Their toppings do not withstand the heat from the wafel very well though. One minute my De Churro was the thing of perfection, and the next the whipped cream was sliding to the left and the dulce de leche melted all over the wafel, making a mess. An ugly delicious mess.Their Spekuloos spread (sold in jars) tastes something like gingersnap caramel sugar cookies. Yes it's insane. I've had it on toast, over ice cream, mixed into hot cocoa, all over my blouse, etc. It's best on one of W&D's crispy wafels, but will have to tide me over until the next visit. Now, about that dry cleaning bill.
#REVIEW#Amazing dessert to share. It's incredibly sweet though, I wouldn't be able to finish a whole one on my own just a couple bites is enough. They have a few decadent combinations on the menu but I created my own to avoid drizzles. Still almost got a cavity but it was worth it.These trucks are hard to miss around NYC so it was a must try - and glad I did!
#REVIEW#One of the best waffles I've ever had!! Their waffle is crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. The waffle itself isn't too sweet and complements the Nutella super well!! They currently have a booth in Union Square and I 100% recommend trying it out!!
#REVIEW#If this place were named after my reviews, they'd have to change it to "Waffling & D**k-jokes." I may be prone to verbal diatribe and childish humour (if you can call it humour), but at least I'm self-aware. Then again, they said Leopold of Belgium was self-aware, and that didn't help him much. Speaking of which, we did an online poll of "sexiest somewhat feminine actors" and Leo-polled highest. DiCaprio that is. So on with the review.What to get: Liege Waffle with Spekuloos.What the f*** is Spekuloos: It's when you can't find your glasses. Duh.And what else: Well, the Spekuloos Ice Cream is pretty amazing too.What's the difference between a Liege Waffle and the other kind?: Well, the other kind are good, but this one is in a Liege of its own.But this is in America, not Belgium: I know. And much like 'Murca, if you don't like it, then why don't you liege.If this place were frequented by ducks rather than humans, and was also really dirty inside, then it'd be called "Waddles & Dingy." Whereas if I had a bright idea (lightbulb switches on above my head, cartoon style) about time travelling, then it'd be "Wormholes & Ding!"I won't go on and on about these waffles. I'll just tell you straight away: these are by far the best waffles I've ever had in the United States. I'm not a huge waffle fan, but when I go to Belgium, I fall in love with the taste of the dense, sticky, orgasmic Liege Waffles, perfected at Maison Dandoy in Brussels. Well these may not be on the MD level, but these are the closest thing you will ever find in North America, that's for sure. They taste a lot more Belgian than they do American, and that is a very, very good thing.People ask why I'm so attracted to Borat. I think it was his "Onesies & Dimples." It must be that because it ain't his face. He's a tip drill.Adding the Spekuloos just takes it through the roof. It's a Gingerbread Spread (think Nutella, but even more addictive), which comes - of course - from Belgium. Also known as Belgique (French) or Belgie (Flemish). Flemish is basically like Dutch, but a Belgian version of it. The country is split between the two languages. The French speakers are known as Walloons. But history and geography lessons aside, Belgium really does make the best waffles on earth, and these Liege Wafles with Spekuloos really are the closest thing to the real thing you can get over here.If you're in a "linen cleaning contest" make sure you get the linens *absolutely* clean. Because if there's a tiny bit of dirt, even a little speck of dust, you lose. This concept is known as "Speck-u-lose."Not only am I obsessed with them (and I'm not even a waffle fan), but everyone I've ever taken here, fell in love with them too. They're sticky and gooey and hot and sexy. They're heavenly and divine and delectable and filling too. You can split one with someone since they're heavy, and they're not too expensive either.I'm not sure whether there are any illegal drugs in the Spekuloos. I'd rather not Spekulate.As I said, get the amazing Spekuloos all over them, and be aware that they also have Spekuloos (Gingerbread) Ice Cream here which is absolutely divine as well. They're open extremely late (usually until 11 or Midnight or later, but it seems to vary and they do close a bit before the posted time). They're on a lovely little street corner in a cute part of Manhattan just north of Houston St and not far from Sunny & Annie's 24 Hour Korean Deli (which is amazing too - I just reviewed it).Oh and you know that movie, Star Trek III: The Search For Spock? Well in Belgium, that movie was known as "Spock-u-lost."If you come to Manhattan, you simply must make it a point to stop in here and try a Liege Waffle with Spekuloos. It may just be one of the best desserts you will ever consume in America.If I have a whole bunch of girls asking to be spanked, then I'd rather save the best for last, honey. And since you're the best, that means I'm going to "Spankulast."Wafles & Dinges. Get here. Be amazed.Although if it were my 2 favourite things to get in back alleys in Chinatown, then it'd be "Won-Ton & D**k." Ooh I just turned myself on.
#REVIEW#I can't think of one negative thing to say about this location. It is in Times Square and has a few tables and chairs in front for you to actually sit down and enjoy your meal while getting in some good people watching. I had one topped with strawberries and cream and we also got one with bacon that was difficult not to steal every bite! The staff was friendly, the wafles delicious, and the coffee hot. With clean surfaces, the perfect location, fast service, and a full belly for under $20, what more could you ask for?
#REVIEW#One of my favorite quick stops for some sweets when im in NYC.  We've tried the stand by Central Park numerous times and the actual storefront once. The waffles have always been fresh with a nice crunch on the outside and soft on the inside.  I have to stop myself from eating the fork when I bite into the delicious goodness. The toppings are always on point from the strawberries and whipped cream to the ice cream and chocolate.  My new favorite is the cookie butter and jelly waffle. Will continue to stop through as they've never disappointed.
#REVIEW#W&F is like dying and being let into heaven's gates featuring a line waiting for hot waffles and any topping you desire. Wafels & Dinges gives you the experience of being in Europe and indulging in the treats your heart desires right here in midtown Manhattan.From the moment you step off the train, you smell the alluring fragrance of sugar and you are drawn to this cart. I took my daughter to try one for the very first time and she decided on "World's Fair" which features strawberries, powdered sugar and whipped cream. I decided on the Speckuloos Cookie Butter and whipped cream topped one. Both were melt in your mouth good ! Orgasmic ! I love the plethora of toppings they offer. $9-14 is pretty steep for a waffle but I promise every tourist and New Yorker.. it's sooooooo worth it!
#REVIEW#Spectacular waffles!!! The people are very nice and had the food came out quickly. Definitely worth a stop to get a waffle and load it up with dinges!
#REVIEW#I went here for lunch when I was in the city. The waffles were great and the topping was very sweet. The meal was filling. I can recommend it. I plan to go again.
#REVIEW#Update - the owner actually responded to my comments below and I was very pleased. 11/18 I really wanted to try this treat which I heard about all the way In California. Unfortunately, My husband and walked up to the truck in Times Square today and the two guys working in the booth wouldn't even look up from their phones. When I asked them if they wanted some business they just smiled and didn't respond. I didn't feel like they deserved our business. Find employees that want to actually support your busine
#REVIEW#Ate at two different locations on our recent trip to NY, Bryant Park and Time Square. Good waffles with creative toppings. I prefer the simpler options, but did try The Elvis, which includes peanut butter, bananas, honey and a heaping mound of bacon. It was good, but very rich. Overall, a great twist on normal food stand options. I'd definitely come back.
