#NAME#Vida Verde
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/vida-verde-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cocktailbars,mexican,venues#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Fun atmosphere, great drinks, and great food-- what else could you ask for?I ordered the Yuca Fries and the Ribeye Tacos. The fried yuca was absolutely amazing. I'm a fan of dipping sauces and there was a great combo of different dips shmeared around the bowl. All of them were distinct and absolutely delish. The ribeye tacos were also extremely tasty. This seems to be a popular place for happy hour and they offer some decent specials. It gets really busy, but service is prompt. We were seated at 6:30 and had plenty of time to make it to our 8:00 show *applause*
#REVIEW#Came here for drinks with my friend. We came for lunch power hour, and sampled their seasonal frozen drink, which was mezcal, pineapple juice and some other mixers. It was actually quite delicious. We ended up getting two each and then just talking by the bar. Very laid back vibes during lunch. We didn't eat anything, but we saw someone getting tacos. They looked a bit skimpy, but the meat looks pretty juicy, but didn't try it myself so hard to say what it was actually like. They seem to have a lot of happy hours and specials which is pretty cool, especially in this area of town. Service by the bar was excellent, we were given waters as soon as we sat down (even though we were just having drinks) and they were constantly refilled. That was really nice of the bartenders, but also I guess it wasn't too busy at the bar. Overall, a pretty cool place. Would definitely consider trying the food here. Perhaps on Taco Tuesday.
#REVIEW#Loved this place!!!  Such a cool atmosphere and the music was great!  We had drinks on the rooftop (note: no food up there - strictly for drinks) and our bartender, Autumn, was THE VERY BEST!!!!  This girl was handling the whole rooftop like a boss!  Our host was awesome too!  When we learned we couldn't eat on the rooftop she accommodated us on timing so that we could go up and come have din a little later. The decor is cute. Food is bomb. Drinks are A1!!!  I will say though that I was disappointed the drink menu differs from rooftop since the rooftop passion frozen margarita was THE BEST. I never had a creamy (only slightly) margarita but the mix it with condensed milk. Mind. Blown. Amazing. Our waitress and food, also the best. Definitely coming back!!!!  Highly recommend. Oh, and photo ops are abundant here. Super Instagramable or Snapchatable. Even the restroom. Ok byyyyyyyyeeeeeeee
#REVIEW#I came here in the afternoon with a reservation & was seated immediately. It took a little while for the waiter to come around, but everything from there was a good experience, so that's why I still gave 5 stars. For food my friend & I had the fish tacos (mahi-mahi, black bean purée, Mexican crema, cabbage & Smokey salsa) & the burrito bowl. The fish tacos were good & the sauces on the table made it even better. The burrito bowl had chicken, shrimp, guacamole, rice/beans, pickled onion, pickled jalapeños, crema, queso, salsa roja, with plantains. The burrito bowl was really good. For drinks we had the delicious blueberry coconut margarita & it's worth all the hype! It's kind of a creamy consistency due to the coconut & balances out perfect with the blueberry. For dessert we had churros, which were filled with a cream filling & came with four sauces. Overall, I was happy with everything & once the waiter came over, he checked in good timing & when we were done our plates were picked up quickly as well & the food came out quickly. Theres two menus, as you can see looking at the pics & I'm guessing maybe it's a lunch or dinner or maybe a weekend or weekday menu I'm not too sure, but I wanted to try the pork belly skewers because it looked really good from the reviews, but that wasn't on the menu we had & the waiter said it's not available, so next time. I look forward to returning.
#REVIEW#Made a reservation for 11am on Saturday for brunch, which was totally unnecessary as the place barely had anyone during opening. Large interior, multiple floors, and vibrant colors abound.Menu has some normal Mexican favorites as well as some interesting takes. Decided on the "Mexican Poutine" ($16) and an Apricot Thyme Margarita ($14). Drink comes out first, a strong serving of tequila and an interesting blend of the two flavors. Food comes out shortly after, a big serving of crispy yucca fries with tomatillo sauce, cheese, and a friend egg on top. Great flavors with the eggs being made just right. Only complaint was that there wasn't enough cheese.Service is super quick and they even have four hot sauces at each table. Would love to come back for dinner.
#REVIEW#I really enjoyed my dinner here the other night with one of my bffs. Somehow we always end up finding the loudest places for our long catch-up meals, but the restaurant has a really fun vibe without being tacky, and they weren't in a rush to kick us out for being Manhattan. I had the vegetarian burrito bowl with Mexican rice that I just loved. My friend had two margaritas and quesadillas which she loved. And we both shared the empanadas. Overall the meal was tasty and simple. We also enjoyed the rooftop which was packed on a beautiful Friday evening. They do $5 tequila shots up there for happy hour. What took this restaurant to the 5th star was definitely the service. We stayed there for a while and got a complimentary tequila apple and beet shot which was SOOO delish and such a pleasant surprise. But also, that one of the servers was so kind to me and found me an Android USB wire when my phone battery died and my night was just beginning, so a big thank you to him! Anyway, really fun atmosphere here and delicious Mexican food with nice vegetarian options.
#REVIEW#Came here for a boozy brunch birthday celebration! Unfortunately the rooftop doesn't open till 2pm but we had a nice table next to the window and DJ booth. Lovely ambiance inside, very festive! Disco ball, flower chandelier and lots of wall art. Live DJ as a well Sat morning.The margaritas are STRONG (atleast for me) -- other drinks sucked so don't bother. The mimosa and bellini has some orange fruity flavored sugary drink - not real juice by any stretch. I'm not a fan of bloody marys sooo basically my recommendation is stick to margs, beer or wine! As a vegetarian I had the Huevos Racheros modified - I had my eggs scrambled and subtracted the pork -- in hindsight I should've asked for something else to replace that. The meal was tasty and they have a nice selection of hot/tangy/spicy sauces on the table buttt I was still sorta hungry -- especially cuz we were drinking. I wish they had complimentary chips or something. Service could've been better but the place was busy w/ several bday brunches so I understand the delay. In all a good meal and I left w/ a solid buzz soo my boozy brunch experience was favorable.
#REVIEW#Found this little gem near my hotel (Central Park). Decor is very cute as you feel as though you walking into Miami. I had a classic margarita and it was absolutely perfect! We ordered the pork belly guacamole! This is a must if you go here. Well anything with pork belly is amazing but the lime in the guacamole goes great with the pork. Cons: the chips were over salted. I would definitely come back for it!For a main dish I ordered the chorizo tacos. This was amazing! The chorizo was cooked perfectly and had the right amount of spice! Also ask for cheese, it makes a huge difference! Make sure as well you eat right away as we were sampling a few items and the tortillas did get a little tough after a while.
#REVIEW#Came here with a party of 4 for food & drinks after work. It gets packed really quickly so I suggest making a reservation and request rooftop seating. Great mural for an IG pic, great service and good food.Take advantage of the happy hour 4p-7p ($6-10) margarita Monday's ($10) and taco Tuesday's (3 for $10) also check chat on website for a coupon code!
#REVIEW#My friends and I had a WONDERFUL time here last night. The staff was so extremely friendly, and the food and drinks were absolutely delicious!! They also have a really nice outdoor seating area where you can grab a frozen margarita, or boozy popsicle, and relax, after a hot day. We will definitely return!!
#REVIEW#This is a great brunch destination $45 pre fixe meal and thee drinks. They'll give you wooden tokens to exchange from their menu of drinks which includes: mimosa, bloody "Maria", blood orange Bellini, margarita and frozen margarita (upon request). The restaurant is bright with natural light from all of the windows. Everything is on theme and colorful, but in a tasteful pop art way. It is an incredibly instagrammable venue. At 2:00PM, they open the roof for another incredible Frida Kahlo mural. The food was delicious using traditional ingredients in unconventional ways like the Mexican Poutine Fries with yuca as the fries! Absolutely delicious. 10/10 would go again. It would be a great plan to bring friends who are visiting NYC and want to grab a bite before a broadway.
#REVIEW#This is a great party spot! Can be very loud but had a nice vibe. Service is a little on the poor side and food is average.  Overall, good after work spot to socialize!
#REVIEW#Went here last night. I honestly think this restaurant/bar has really topped off my expectations ! When me and my friend first got to the spot, we were by the bar for some time until we were ready to be seated. We made a reservation for 6 but we didnt get seated right away but it was fine ! We were in no rush. We just wanted to get seated before happy hour was over.. the host actually gave us complimentary shots for having us wa so long I got three of the same drinks all night ! I had the frozen hibiscus margarita, which were $10 during happy hour (4-7). My friend got the same but she also tried the regular margarita on rocks .. which she also loved ! We got the yummy guacamole to start us off and our entree's, the shrimp quesadilla. The portion of the entree was small but it was okay since we got the guacamole as well ! It was sooo good. And not bad for only $11. I can't complain about it at alll. And we got dessert too (of course !).. we got the churros and boy were they good.. it came with warm melted chocolate as a dip. Best dip ever !Ahhhh our experience was phenomenal and our server made it even better. Ondie constantly came by to check up on us and make sure everything was good ! It was super busy but she still came around and kept us happy ! I would definitely come back since I heard that they are opening the rooftop hopefully soon ! Can't wait
#REVIEW#Brunch at Vida Verde is a good time. They have a boozy brunch option (1 entree and 3 drinks for $45), or you can order food and drinks a la carte. We ordered a la carte because we only wanted one drink each. I have to say, I was very impressed by the service and the staff's willingness to modify orders to satisfy customers. The food was also very good. Ordered-Guacamole prepared table side ($15)- there were five of us and we ordered the small guacamole. This was enough for us. We enjoyed it!Chips and salsa ($8)- this was also good. The salsa wasn't too spicy. It wasn't made with fresh chopped tomato like pico de gallo, it was smoother- more like the texture of the jarred stuff you find in the supermarket (but better). Shrimp quesadilla ($16)- this was delicious! The quesadilla was filled with lots of shrimp, cheese and avocado. It was topped with a little crema. This quesadilla was five stars. Also, the rooftop is a nice place to have a drink and hang out. If you are looking for a fun and lively place to go to brunch, definitely check out Vida Verde.
#REVIEW#Went on a Friday for bday dinner with friends (have to be 21+ on fridays ID was checked) had an amazing time! Ambience and music was dope. The service was quick and delightful. Def want to go back for the late night HH and check out the rooftop in the summer.Food: Small portions don't come starving considering the price and size of portions. Guac was too salty. Drinks: we had pitchers of the margarita and several others no complaints there.
#REVIEW#Do not fall for the cute picture on Yelp and go to this place. The reality is the following:Overpriced drinks and food that looks like a dog turd and cat vomit on a tortilla. Yes I said it because it's true. I could not believe my eyes when I saw the food come out. I had to leave it there return a michelada the bartender made. I told him it was gross and tasted nothing like a michelada (he basically poured half a bottle of tobasco sauce into half a beer in a glass). I told him it was not good, so he proceeded to taste it (I'm guessing I look clean, which is good) gross. I asked for straight grey goose with a lime and he put a lemon in instead! Way to go bud! At this point I drank my goose and asked for the check. Everyone else in there seemed pretty miserable and so I just got out of there and never coming back. My advice would be to evacuate everyone, burn the place to the ground and give it another whirl. This place will be out of business inside of a year.
#REVIEW#Had a surprise birthday dinner here! Jesus, our server was amazing. Our dessert which was recommended by him (the Piñata) was fun. Veggie options, gluten free and vegan options. Sauces have very low levels of heat. Wish they couldve made the enchilada veggie though, that would be icing on the mint tres leches..
#REVIEW#I went here yesterday for happy hour after work and I absolutely loved it. The atmosphere was very inviting, the margaritas were $10 for happy hour from I believe 4-7pm, and the food was delicious. I ordered the corn and the nacho chips plain with cheese and jalapeños. I thought the rooftop was a bit small and it wasn't what I expected but the downstairs area was fun. The music could have been a little better. The corn was so good though it cans with 3 different toppings , the original elote, spicy avocado , and the third tastes like the blue chips they give you on JetBlue haha , it was really good though. I loved the nachos too. Thanks for giving us the Pico de Gallo on the side because I hate tomatoes ! I would definitely come back here and try more food. I really loved the spicy margaritas, especially the spicy salt on the rim YUM!
#REVIEW#This Mexican modern style restaurant is one of the coolest in the city. Food it's absolutely amazing! I'm from Mexico and I can say flavors bring me back home every time I go to Vida Verde.Staff are the nicest, really helpful. They are always whiling to make you feel welcomed!Jesus and Emily are great servers. They have the right attitude and super friendly. I'm sure I'll be back plenty of times to VV. I love it!
#REVIEW#Super good and a super fun vibe! Definitely make a reservation if you plan to sit down and eat. It seemed like most people just stood at the bar. Luckily we were able to be seated without a reservation and had a great time. The service was ok nothing to rave about but the mojitos are all the rave! They are straight fire and I was feelin some type of way after just one! The yucca appetizer was great (although i wish they put the sauces on the side and not under the yucca - so beware) and the chips and guacamole were just ok. The server did a makeshift guac demonstration for us but the guac was missing some flavor. The chicken tacos were great and we finished the night off with tres Leche leche cake!
