#NAME#Upland
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/upland-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,burgers#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Lovely place. Had brunch with an old friend. Thankfully he made the reservation. Opened at 10 and it got busy fast!!I ordered the Little Gem Salad.  Well it was a gem. Super fresh ingredients.
#REVIEW#Lovely, this spot was better than what I was expecting. I was instantly captivated by the decor/atmosphere, a perfect combination of industrial, modern and some traditional. The place is pretty large, but I do recommend making reservations if you're coming with a large group.We arrived, a group of 7, and were seated promptly. Everyone who served us was very patient, professional and attentive.The food and wine were great. We tried a little bit of everything from the menu! I had the opportunity to try the Fluke Crudo, Whole Crispy Mushroom, and the Crispy Duck Wings. Everything very different from anything I've tasted, but great nonetheless. They also had delicious tasting potato bread. For my main dish I decided to keep it simple and ordered the Spaghettini, which was good but not the best I've had. For dessert I had a bit of Labneh Cheesecake as well as the Valrhona Dark Chocolate Cake! Both amazing!
#REVIEW#Tried the Upland Burger made famous by Obama as well as the margherita pizza.  The burger, in a word: heavy.  They give you two patties that are on the greasy side, too it with cheese, and add avocado which makes for a very heavy and greasy burger.  Even when the plate arrives at the table, the bottom sesame bun is already soaked with fat from above.  This is not a California burger, despite the avocado.  California burgers are light and balanced with the tomatoes, onions, pickles adding brightness to cut the grease of the patties.Also, the pickle is not quite a pickle.  It's somewhere in between a cucumber and a pickle.The Margherita pizza, surprisingly, was tasty and my favorite of the two entrees we ate. Our server was okay - not particularly warm, nor attentive, but "New York fine."The reason people come here is the Hamptons-chic decor and bustling ambiance.  Not the food.
#REVIEW#Took my girlfriend to Upland for dinner last weekend to celebrate her birthday. In general if the Obamas go to a restaurant, it's a good pick, and Upland is no exception! The atmosphere is lit beautifully and it's trendy. Important - the portion sizes are big (especially by Manhattan standards), our waiter didn't tell us and we ordered A LOT of food. I heard the waiter for the table next to us suggest to order 1 from each section of the menu (Pizza, One, Two or Three), and that probably would have been more appropriate. The best thing we ordered was the Sausage + Kale pizza ($21). For the most part I don't eat dairy, but I made an exception, and I'm glad I did. SO GOOD. The Crispy Duck Wings ($20) were tasty, and it's interesting that they did wings with Duck meat, but they did taste similar to wings I've had elsewhere. The Roasted Branzino For Two ($72) was probably a little better than you'd expect, but it was HUGE, and we were already pretty full. I also got a lot of bones in the Branzino (maybe just unlucky). The brussel sprouts side dish was above average. It's a unique take - they aren't fried and there were seeds on the outside, very tasty. Overall, can't go wrong going to Upland. Make sure you get the Sausage + Kale pizza (I'm still thinking about it)!
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner on a Tuesday night around 8 and we were able to be seated right away. The menu was a little confusing with the one two three system, one was pretty clearly appetizers but from the pictures online a lot of the options in 2 didn't look to be enough for a full entree (I'm a very hungry person). Our server said the items there weren't too big or too small, but they do recommend people order more than one item. I decided to go for the sausage and kale pizza after seeing how popular it was in reviews and I completely understand why that's the case! The sausage had a nice smoky flavor that went really well with the parmigiano and both of those strong flavors balanced out nicely with the kale. The pizza was big enough that I could imagine 2 people splitting that and a small appetizer and being more than satisfied. I will usually skip the bread to not waste space/calories, but the free bread here is worth making an exception. It's super soft and lightly salted, brought me back to the best soft pretzels of childhood.
#REVIEW#Classy, modern, and cozy at the same time. I loved the decor with high ceilings and big windows. We walked in on a Friday night and were able to get seated for 2 after 20 minutes (they only seat full tables). 2 of us shared the Little Gem salad (such a great mix of textures and flavors, ingredients also tasted really fresh), whole crispy mushroom (which looked like a wild bunch of mushrooms but was fried at just the right texture, came with a white sauce that cut into the oil, though a bit salty). Finally, the highlight was the parpadelle with sausage, even though the sausage was salty, the pasta was at just the right level of al dente. The portions were pretty generous.Dessert choices were ok, nothing too special. But you can get non-alcoholic cocktails, the ginger and lime soda was great. Would love to come back and try others on the menu.
#REVIEW#This cute lil spot is a great brunch place and a decent dinner spot if you like pizza. I wasn't so impressed with their cacio e pepe due to a too al dente pasta situation but that's personal preference. And I've apparently had it twice so it wasn't so memorable the first time.The inside is cozy but kind of loud and it can be challenging to have an intimate convo here. I did go here on a date once which was okay because it wasn't the first so we weren't trying as hard to get to know each other.There is a random outdoor space that has two tables and seats four. We ended up here which was nice because it was cozy and not too loud. We got pretty quick service from the waiter despite being away from it all. A good meal in under an hour? Not bad at all upland.I preferred the brunch here but that pizza tho. It's delicious.
#REVIEW#Came with a friend for dinner and had a great meal here! I started with the key lime fizz cocktail, which was decent if a little too sweet for my taste (though I should have guessed based on the description). We then shared:+ Whole Crispy Mushroom - loved+ Fluke crudo - Loved+  Norwich Meadows Baby Carrots - these were ok. Didn't like the crust+ Pappardelle - amazing+ Cacio e pepe - my faveDefinitely don't miss the pastas. I'll be back for more entrees and that epic hen of the woods app!
#REVIEW#A great spot to grab a bit to eat before a show at Madison Square Gardens. Sarah was our server and so friendly/ helpful.  She guided us through the menu and actually shared that the portions were very large.  The little gem salad was so fresh and delicious- especially if you love avocado ; it's a must $19. The sausage and kale pizza was to die for, come back, and then have another slice( OMG) $21. There are also great cocktails and an expansive wine / bar list.  Charming interior and great service - A Must Go Stop while I'm NYC !!
#REVIEW#I took my family to brunch at Upland this past Saturday. We heard that the burgers were amazing and wanted to give it a go. First off, the decor of this restaurant is beautiful. Since we heard the burgers were served to the Tonight Show audience, I had to try it. I have to say it was excellent. Burger was huge and very tasty. It comes with avocado, but I got it on the side and gave it to my wife. She had a salad which she said was very good as well. My kids also had burgers and pancakes. Add in delicious drinks and we had a great meal! Prices are on the high side here. $24 for burger and fries. Like many restaurants in NYC, drinks are pricey too. All in all, a very nice upscale place!
#REVIEW#Chef Justin Smillie opened this spot awhile back and then his Miami spot almost exactly the same. Lemon jars, brass bars, copper detail lightings, yellow theme flowers centerpiece, wooden table and booth, a center bar then a private dining downstairs as well. It was jammed packed on a Tuesday night as usual, the good energy and vibe when we first walked in. Music was pumping and its was non-stop moving of people in and out!Similar menu to Miami spot as we remembered. A little bit of everything for everyone, but go to the dishes that they were popular for, of course!Pizza, pizza, pizza nom nom, sauce and kale pizza, never disappoint!Pasta Bottarga - that garlic kicks, and it was perfect in every bite.Pappardelle pasta handmade, Ragu, parmigiana,  we had this in Miami and oh how good it was and wow! Duck wings if you love it in your face! Asparagus with that lovely sauce with anchovy oil, what a  nice surprise!Then that mushroom dish is so unusual and tasty! But the seafood Cioppino with spicy kick from Gochujang chili paste was a nice surprise. I wish there was more clam/mussel and less fish. Luckily the tastiest potato bread ever, save the day, I used it to disk in the Cioppino broth, a perfect in very bite!Our server was wonderful. Our water was constantly filled and we never had to flag anyone down! We can't wait to return. It's 1 of our go-to spots in NYC. If you love farm-to-table, Californian style food/Modern American Cuisine with plenty of Asian influences, come here! You will thank me later!@1MandaBear
#REVIEW#I've had consistently excellent meals at Upland with large groups (6-8 guests). For brunch, there's a wide range of options for the breakfast inclined (think eggs, bacon, pancakes), as well as the lunch food fans (pastas, pizza, bowls). I came on a Saturday at 12:30 with a group of 7 and everyone was extremely pleased with both food and drink. Some highlights were the bucatini and the quiche. Portions were perfect and the chef manages to turn fairly simple American dishes to something magnificent. The ingredients are extremely fresh, which makes the world of difference. I've been to upland for dinner as well and my experience was consistent. The waitstaff is very attentive and the service is well paced. If you're looking for a reliably good meal, come to Upland. As and added bonus, I found the decor and ambiance to be perfect for modern American fare.
#REVIEW#Not only is the ambiance and decor pretty cool but the food is good too!  The menu is a mix of California cursive with Italian and Korean influences. The pizzas are really great and perfect to share. All the appetizers we had were fabulous but I had the mixed greens salad and salmon as an entree and the salmon was a bit overcooked and the salad had a touch too much stressing, which I should have asked to have on the side. We all shared the cheesecake and that was easy better and lighter than expected.
#REVIEW#I thought it was a good sign that this tony Park Avenue South restaurant shares the same name as my dad's old real estate firm. Yep, he hung out his own shingle and called it Upland Realty. I also happened to be staying across the street at the Hotel Giraffe (review: bit.ly/2HPeVvZ). In fact, the balcony in my room overlooked the restaurant as all sorts of young, trendy people waltzed in and out in varying degrees of drunkenness. Clearly I was meant to dine here, right? So I made a lonely reservation for one on a frigid Thursday evening and give it a try.I didn't know anything about its culinary pedigree. Chef Justin Simillie is a California native who leans quite a bit on fresh vegetables in his menu. Good for me since I wanted to eat healthy on my business trip and nearly OD'ed on the complimentary wine and cheese at the hotel just before I got here. I started with the $19 Little Gem Salad, which was anything but little with avocado, cucumber, and ricotta salata. It was drenched in a walnut vinaigrette and squeezed with an excessive amount of lemon which wasn't even mentioned in the menu (photo: bit.ly/2MQhvAP).For my entree, I went with the $36 Roasted Lamb Shoulder, which was so dominated by lettuce, sprouted lentils, aji dulce, a swoosh of avocado sauce, and a baked sweet potato that I could barely make out the shards of lamb (photo: bit.ly/2TxpwgG). The one dish that met my expectations was the $14 Blistered Shishito Peppers sprinkled with bottarga as it lent much needed zest to my meal (photo: bit.ly/2tetuPX). Yet, the best part came right off the bat, the complementary loaf of Potato Bread with herb butter (photo: bit.ly/2SrjPUc). Now that was worth devouring, the rest not as much.FOOD - 3 stars...pricy dishes with fresh ingredients but faulty executionAMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...busy and buzzy and not overly overwhelming SERVICE - 4 stars...quite attentive and no side-eye for my solitary stateTOTAL - 3 stars...upscale Manhattan dining that just fell shortRELATED - Looking for other dining options in New York City? Here's a collection of places I've tried and reviewed: bit.ly/2sGleaS
#REVIEW#I've heard a lot of good things about Upland, and after coming here for dinner with my parents... I do not understand the hype. I will say that this restaurant is beautiful, and it has a grown up but still casual vibe. I'd definitely come back to just get cocktails at the bar and maybe some appetizers. Dinner though, eh. The highlights were the (FREE!!) sweet potato bread and the crispy mushroom. I also enjoyed the duck wings, although thought they were a little too greasy to have more than one. But our food from there started going downhill. We got the pappardelle with kale and sausage to share, and the pasta was way too al dente (and I LOVE al dente pasta, but there was definitely too much chewing required to eat this). It also came out lukewarm and the serving size was a lot smaller than I expected for $25.For my main, I got the smoked long island duck and barely ate any of it. The duck was way too fatty. My boyfriend had the roasted lamb shoulder, which was very heavy on the side salad and sweet potatoes, with barely any lamb in sight. My parents got the roasted branzino for two, which they liked (but were they just being polite because I was complaining so much? who can say). We got a dessert too, although I honestly cannot remember what it was even after looking at the menu again, so that shows you how big of an impression it made. The bill came out to about $100 per person, which-- considering my parents don't drink, that's pretty high, given the food and service weren't mindblowing.
#REVIEW#The burger is quite good although I do not really like two patties. The fries were just as I like them...average cut and crispy. The crudo appetizer was sub par. The flavor was off to me and my friend and the fish was a little tough. It's a nice restaurant and I saw some other dishes that looked very good.
#REVIEW#Aesthetically pleasing American restaurant near Flatiron. Servers are kind and gave us great recommendations. Between a group of 4, we had the:Sausage Kale pizza: Crust was softer than what I would have liked. Cheese was delicious and the sausage was well seasoned. Beef tartare: For those who aren't afraid to rare foods. Rare beef, egg yolk and other seasonings. Great cold appetizer and a bit salty.Cacio e pepe: Possibly a bit too al dente pasta. Lovely pepper seasoning and chunks of parmesan. Scallops: 3 scallops and vegetables. Scallops were good but could have been more tender. Chicken liver pasta: So interesting! The sauce was a bit chunky and savory. Definitely worth trying. Brussels sprouts: There was a dark seaweed salad on top. For someone who is not a fan of brussel sprouts, these were not bad. Nothing exceptional but good food and nice place for date night or a fancier meal.
#REVIEW#For a Monday night it was full and lively !! Very popular place definitely need reservations!I ordered hen of the woods a mushroom dish that came highly recommended but I think it was just a deep fried mushroom burnt on the top! Lamb shoulder was average so was bronzini fish for two. We were a party of four and I couldn't really hear the conversation over the loud din. The Brussels sprouts and crispy fried potatoes were just that. The food lacked flavor. Extremely expensive and no taste! I won't be going back!!
#REVIEW#Beautiful, spacious restaurant and a great choice for lunch with coworkers. I went halfsies on the burger and fried chicken sandwich (thanks Damien!) so I was lucky enough to get the best of both worlds, though the rest of the menu looked superb and it was hard to choose. The double stacked burger was topped with a dreamy combo of cheese, avocado and peppadews, and totally hit the spot after eating way too many healthy meals in a row. When I'd stopped shoveling seasoned fries into my mouth, I moved on to the fried chicken thigh sandwich. Mmm - avocado-bacon mash and alfalfa sprouts couldn't have been a better match for the flavorful chix. Satisfying all the way. Oh yeah, we also sat a table away from Alton Brown because why wouldn't we?
#REVIEW#(Singing Prince) Uptown! Is where I wanna be. Uptown, set your mind free. Ah, Uptown, Upland, same thing. What Chef Justin Smillie created with Upland is pretty awesome. Upland is part of the Starr Restaurant group and all of the details shine throughout this restaurant. There is an open kitchen but its in the back, offset from the dining room.There is a wine cellar downstairs all feeding a beautiful curved bar. Its not a large space, its not a small space but just right IMHO. Listen, all this sounds great! I'm here for one thing, Chef Justin Smillie version of the California In & Out burger. I walk in and I'm told to have a seat at the bar while my table is being prepped. I ask the bartender for a cocktail menu. I see a few funky libations but I want to keep it simple so I order a beer on tap. I'm told my table is ready, no need to settle up because the beer will be added to my check?! Very slick.The menu looks amazing. Lots of things to sway me but I'm sticking to my guns. The waiter comes over, I asked for the Cheeseburger. The Cheeseburger is a work of chef art. The beef is sourced from from Bartels Farms in Eugene, OR. It's grass fed, antibiotic and hormone free. The bun? Straight from Orwasher's. Loaded with oozy American cheese, this is a juicy, wonderful treat. Wow. No wonder President Obama raved about this burger. It is that good. Upland is a great brunch-y & lunch-y type of place. First time here and highly recommended.
