#NAME#Print
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/print-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#newamerican,breakfast_brunch#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Fam, I'm not going to lie to you. When I walked in here to grab some drinks and some grub, all I wanted to do was turn around, go home and change. This place was bougie AF. Pressed-collar-with-a-blazer-ride-my-boat-on-Sundays kind of bougie. Surprisingly, when my friends and I asked for a table on a busy and poppin Saturday night, the hostess told us 15 minutes and we were like "WORD? iiiiii" and she escorted us to the bar. While we waited, I ordered a Yuzu cocktail which was pretty exceptional. Not to sweet nor bitter; refreshing and light with a pleasant citrus taste. I knew good things were coming.We weren't super hungry but we ordered food out of curiosity.  I ordered the Spanish Octopus with fingerling potatoes, taggiasca olives, salsa verde, red sorrel and lemon. The portion wasn't too big but the quality was on point. The Octopus had a perfect char and crisp. The potatoes were nice, tender and complemented so well. My plate was 20 something bucks (I think?) which can be pricey for some but I had no problem throwing cash for an exceptional meal, while pretending to ride my imaginary boat in the Hamptons.
#REVIEW#Came to print for brunch/lunch. Actually more like brunch tbh. I had first found out about this place because of the roof (the roof is actually part of the press lounge, but print and the press lounge are both owned by the building). However, the press lounge AKA the roof is only open during the evening, so you'd have to come to print for dinner in order to get access to the roof. FYI, print is on the ground floor, so you won't be able to get much of a view if this is the only spot you visit.We ordered the bread basket, two avocado toasts (millennials ftw), and a breakfast sandwich. I didn't order the sandwich because it had cheese, but it looked pretty good. I can also speak favorably about the avocado toast: it comes with a poached egg on top, and was pretty good overall, lots of avocado etc.The bread basket was the most interesting thing here. Apparently, all the baked goods served are made on the premises. You get served three things in the bread basket: coffee cake, a scone, and a croissant. The coffee cake was definitely the best- pretty heavy, but great tasting, and good texture. The other two were a little more... well, the croissant was not light and airy at all, nor did I feel like it was buttery enough. It tasted fine, but it just didn't taste like a croissant. I have a similar issue for the scone- a little too dense, not airy enough. I would consider tweaking the last two breads. Overall though, a decent place to have brunch, though a little out of the way. I will come back for the dinner at some point.
#REVIEW#Is a trendy place to come to celebrate birthdays or a date night. The ambience is very trendy, lounge music and the decor impressive, I want to have it at home! About my experience, mm what can I say? I'm a short person, I had to switch places with hubby 'cause the booth sinks terribly :( ... they have these tables side by side that are not the classic square but narrow and rectangular, so my husband and I were faaaar away from each other and literally had to scream to hear what we were saying, plus the tables are sooooo close to each other that I was even touching my neighbor's elbow, and it was so annoying hearing her(as she was talking out loud too) right there in my ear. Food was delicious and cooked to perfection, presentation flawless; the oysters were more that fresh and exquisite, thumbs up for that! Just one last but not least comment.. personnel were Spanish speakers, and they are all the time on your back taking care of you, that's good. BUT, they were chatting with each other and I could hear and UNDERSTAND all the coursing and every single word. On a "high end" restaurant the less you can expect is to hear the waiters using that vocabulary in front of the customers. They definitely need training and be aware that many of us can understand what hey say. I personally wouldn't go again. I was very uncomfortable.  What a pity about the good food.
#REVIEW#Bottom line first: Hubby and I were very impressed with the food and would highly recommend Print to anyone looking for a date night spot!We really enjoyed everything we ordered--clean plate club!--but our favorite two dishes of the night were hands down:+ Butterscotch Banana Zeppole with coconut gelato and pomegranate ($12) - Hubby described this as his "ideal dessert come to life" and I whole-heartedly agreed. The zeppoles were crunchy and fluffy with a warm, creamy banana inside and they were topped with perfectly complementing coconut gelato and not-overly-sweet butterscotch. Even on the ride home we couldn't stop talking about this dessert!+ Mafalde with braised duck, hen of the woods, bloomsdale spinach, chives, and lemon ($24) - Although the flavor was light, it had such a delicious, delicate savoriness that we loved. The house made mafalde pasta was delicious and such a fun shape! We'd definitely get this again.Other dishes that we enjoyed but probably wouldn't get again:- Hamachi Crudo with blood orange vinaigrette ($18) - This was good but not particularly special. We liked it simply because we love hamachi sashimi but don't feel the need to reorder it at Print.- Pork Belly ($18) - The pork belly was not the most tender in the world but still fairly tender and had a nice smokiness. The slaw was not my jam--very creamy.- Chocolate Torte with bourbon poached pears and eggnog ice cream ($12) - This was good! The chocolate torte had a deliciously, deep, dark chocolate-y richness and wasn't too sweet... but I would much rather order two banana zeppoles.Service was very attentive and the space absolutely gorgeous. We can't wait to try more from the menu!
#REVIEW#Wow....even more refined and fabulous than I remember. I haven't dined at this Hells Kitchen gem tucked away in the Ink48 Hotel in many years. But when I needed a west side dining option before a show this place popped back up on my radar. So glad it did. My friends and I arrived on a Saturday night on the early side. We grabbed a cocktail in the small lounge area adjacent to the bar. They poured a few wine options for me before I settled on a very crisp and light Vermentino. The cocktails also looked fresh and yummy. We were seated in the newly renovated dining room around 6:30 and taken care of by a fabulously funny and attentive gentleman server. We enjoyed the Brussels sprouts to start. I tasted my friends burrata which was so creamy and delicious. My husband and his buddy shared the homemade macaroni pasta as an appetizer. That may have been the only dish that didn't quite deliver. We weren't blown away, but it was still solid. I rarely order salmon-who orders salmon when there are so many other more original options?! But alas, when I see king salmon from the Pacific coast I then feel totally vindicated and comfortable with my choice. Served over kalettes which was essentially a crispy flash sautéed green, and a celery root purée with fried parsnips curls, this fish entree was cooked to perfection. Medium rare fish filet just spot on. The duck was also done really nicely and even the beet farro main for our picky vegetarian friend was super beautiful to look at and tasty to boot! The sautéed market greens were a lovely side. We opted out of dessert but only because we were rushing to the theatre. The dessert menu looked amazing! I must remember to keep this New American in mind. It may be off the beaten path, but straying just a bit will be rewarded.... I promise. Can't wait to come back.
#REVIEW#Let me be brief, bright and begone- great food, sunshine spirit atmosphere and be back again!
#REVIEW#Pricey, but food was fine.  Came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and planned on going to the rooftop lounge after, but the hostess told me it was closed for a private event until later that night, so that was kind of disappointing.  Started with some Parker House rolls which were really, really dry which was interesting since they had butter on top of them.   The tuna carpaccio  was okay and the grilled octopus was very good.  My bf liked his black sea bass a lot and my pork chop was fine.  They did put a candle on the apple tart we ordered for dessert which was nice to look at but the apple could have been cooked a bit more.Service was fine, maybe just a little brusque as it was all business and few pleasantries.The place looks nice.  Dinner for two with one drink each and a shared dessert was $220 and I guess I just expect a little more polish if you're paying more than $100 per head.    You'll definitely have a decent meal if you come here but if you want something to be a little more special, this probably isn't the place.
#REVIEW#Print should be printing all the dollar bills, because this place is special. As soon as you walk through the door, you're going to notice the gorgeous decor that's definitely unlike any other you've seen. It looks like an art museum! The hostess greets you with a smile and takes you to your table, and you can automatically feel the warmth. Even on a Sunday with half the tables full, it's pretty quiet here, so it's great for conversation. Our waitress was Valquiria (?), and she was very sweet and fast. I ordered the poached eggs, which came with two eggs and a bed of veggies. It's healthy, wholesome, and filling, and the price is comparable to other egg dishes you'd get elsewhere for brunch. Also got coffee with almond milk, and they bring you an entire French press filled with coffee, when if you just place one order. It's great coffee, but just know that's how much you get! The pastry trio is a carb-heavy entree if that's what you're looking for, which is what my friend got. Not my thing, but those are some quality pastries! I recommend Print for a slightly more upscale brunch experience, mainly due to the soothing ambiance. The prices for the entrees are a little bit higher than average at Print, but it's worth it.
#REVIEW#Fantastic meal at PRINT. Wonderful ambiance, perfect for a date, and attentive service. We started with the octopus, and then had the cacio e pepe and duck breast. The octopus was delectable and was in perfect bites. The cacio e Pepe was wonderfully creamy and duck breast was a sizeable portion and delectably tender. Great meal and then the press lounge on the top floor of the hotel is great with fantastic views. Would recommend! Overall: 5/5Value: 4.5/5Food: 5/5Service: 5/5
#REVIEW#Beautiful place, fruit plate incredible, very patient while we savored our time and our food. Sarah was lovely. Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#The farm to table plates they serve here is as good as it gets.  The menu changes regularly to conform with what's available in the local markets.  A fresh taste and inviting atmosphere gives it an enjoyable night.I was excited for the grilled octopus appetizer.  A little tough but the flavor of the sauce and the larger-than-normal appetizer portion made up for it.  I was surprised on how good the blacked sea bass ceviche was though.  It was so fresh with a nice kick of heat with the jalapeños.Make sure you head over to their rooftop to check out the spectacular view of Times Square.  Both an indoor and outdoor rooftop to enjoy the views during any weather.
#REVIEW#Went to PRINT for a birthday celebration.  We arrived a little late for our dinner reservations which was no big deal.  The server escorted us to the bar.  We had a few drinks before they sat us which was no more than twenty minutes.  The menu is limited and everything ala carte.  Between the four us of us we had Lamb Chops, Salmon, Scallops and Chicken.  Everything was delicious and the presentation was beautiful. They don't sing happy b-day but they will come out with dessert with a candle, which we were happy with.  Would we come here for dinner again, probably not.   We were here for their sister venue located on the rooftop -  Press Lounge.  However, the restaurant was a perfect set-up for the evening.
#REVIEW#I came here on a Saturday as I took my godmother to see a play. While this restaurant is off the beaten path, it was worth the journey. Staff was friendly & accimidating and the decor was lovely. Service was great & the food was served the perfect tempersture.To start our meal off, we were served hot parker house rolls.... The rolls were light, buttery, and delicious.  I must admit I love hot bread & butter served at a restaurant so I smitten after the 1st bite :) ! The entree we both tried was the roast. The roast was so tender that the meat literally tore apart as we stuck a fork into it. This was accompanied by tender potatoes and succulent carrots. The dish had a savory au jus sauce topping it. The food was delicious! My only disappointment was after such a hearty meal I had no room for dessert.  If you want a great meal without all of the hustle & bustle in the center of the Theater District stroll over a few blocks and enjoy a meal at Print. I will definitely return here.
#REVIEW#Used to come here all the time for lunch. It was a great space (ambiance) with good service and good food. Recently, however, they completely closed the dining area for lunch and now lunch is only served in the lounge. The tables are small and close together, the menu is smaller and there are people on their laptops doing work, etc... It is definitely more of a coffee shop/lounge feel and doesn't feel like a nice lunch spot anymore.
#REVIEW#Too good! We came here for our wedding anniversary dinner and the food was so good to be true. They have excellent vegetarian options as well.
#REVIEW#We went to Print for a date night with my wife to celebrate some good news.  She'd been looking for a well reviewed restaurant with open reservations on a Saturday night. We ended up being hungry a bit earlier than our reservation and called to see if they could accommodate us earlier. They said there was no openings earlier if we like they do their best to seat us quickly.Sure enough we arrived a bit early and they were able to seat us right away.Our waiter Brian was exceptional!  He walked us through the menu and pointed out 2 items for entree and for desserts which were his favorites. (Of note, they were not the most expensive items and waitstaff often recommend..) I followed his advice and was rewarded with each course.I'm pretty sure they change their menu frequently depending on what's fresh and available.  I had the Cod which was prepared with clams and the sauce had bits of Andouille sausage for a nice spicy but not overpowering flavor.  The portion size was "human" sized, so I wasn't stuffed, and I wasn't left hungry.The space isn't that large and they have a large wait staff.  They cleared our table quickly and non intrusively.  They also kept our water glasses full honestly without me noticing.   For me this is one sign of great service. They let us enjoy our evening. So my advice, if you go (and you should) hopefully you'll be lucky enough to sit in Brian's section. If you are, listen to his recommendations.  (You can tell him Bill sent you, though I'd be shocked if he knew who I was.. ;)
#REVIEW#Chef Martell is a freaking wizard with his cuisine.Plating excellence.Truly exceptional food, wish I could keep this place all to myself but it's bound to get crazy busy on weekend in particular.
#REVIEW#I've been her a few times because I live fairly close. It's connected to the Kimpton Ink48 hotel, which also houses The Press Lounge.  You get to skip the line to the Press Lounge after your dinner reservation. The place is spacious, so it's a good option for evening reservations you've procrastinated on as there is normally a table available (at least for two). The Parker House rolls are a must for dinner. Words don't do them justice. The dinner mains, including a chicken and meat dish have been alright. I do really recommend this place for brunch. The butter and jam on their toast is delicious, and they have INCREDIBLE hot chocolate with suggestively displayed marshmallows that melt in your mouth. Their brunch drinks are also good. I want to try the breakfast sandwich next!
#REVIEW#Been to Print a few time since my initial review and sad to say I need to downgrade significantly. While this is still a good choice for a romantic rooftop view of the hudson and empire state building, the ground level restaurant decor is lovely, the food is solid and the service excellent, it is very close to a huge rip off based on price. Two drink on the rooftop bar were over $45 and they were tiny and weak.  Clearly they are trying to maximize revenue from travelers who want the view one time, not regulars. The restaurant menu changed and now lists items by size with the smaller plates meager and overpriced, and the larger plates the same, despite the high quality and solid preparation. $9 for bread?  The crowd was also thin for a weekend night. No wonder, maybe if the strategy was to deliver an excellent experience at a decent value it would be full. Maybe its more profitable to be half empty but overpriced.
#REVIEW#I don't normally review without trying the food, but long story short, we were here for 45 mins and we only got 2 non-alcoholic drinks, our menus, and the check. Full story. We get there at 9:30a, which is the time they advertise online for brunch to start. They seat us and then tell us brunch doesn't start until 9:45... okay fine we wait. We order a juice and a hot chocolate, which arrive at 9:50. We get the menus at 10. We get the check at 10:05, and pay and leave by 10:15 (i had a flight to catch). The place was empty, and the hostess was rude when we left. Completely appalled by their unacceptable service and behavior. I will never even entertain coming back.
