#NAME#Café China
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-china-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#szechuan#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I order from this place quite often (at least 4-5 times per week) via Seamless during weekdays because I work nearby.I would say the food is not top-notch but it's sth you can always count on if you are looking for a quick lunch with quality. Plus, lunch specials are not expensive.The delivery person always does a good job. He is on time and also polite. This is a big plus too.
#REVIEW#Definitely of the city's Szechuan highlights and easily better than Han Dynasty (whose NY location is pretty lackluster). Come here to test your spice tolerance!I came here on a Sunday evening and was originally told the wait was 45 minutes for a table of 2, though the hostess called us in within minutes of putting our names down.We got the spicy cumin lamb, the shredded tripe in chili oil, the dan dan noodles, the eggplant in Szechuan sauce, and the Chunking braised fish in red sauce. The lamb and tripe were the best parts of the meal, and I've never actually eaten tripe that was quite so tender. The eggplant in Szechuan sauce was quite good and unique, as usually the style it's served in is garlic sauce. The Chunking braised fish was rather spicy, but not particularly memorable, likely because it was overshadowed by how good the other dishes were.
#REVIEW#I've finally visited Cafe China!This is one of the more affordable michelin star options in the city. I came at 12 on a saturday, and there was still a bit of a wait. I'd recommend getting here when it opens, at 11, in order to guarantee no wait.The ambiance is nice in here. Me and my friend ordered shredded tripe in chili oil (红油肚丝), sweet potato pancakes (心太软), and the braised fish filet with tofu (豆花鱼片). Overall, I thought all dishes were great, but the thing that really stood out in my opinion was the tripe. I feel like the tripe is a pretty easy dish to make, but the oiliness of this dish really gets me. The only thin I regret about my visit is that we only got three dishes.The menu here is also great. They have some good lunch specials (11-3 on weekdays) and also have a decent dessert selection. Again, I regret not trying more stuff, and look forward to coming back.The only thing I will say is that while this is very good food, I'm not sure I get the whole michelin star thing. Maybe my standards for what a michelin is are off, but in my opinion cafe china doesn't do anything special or unique, even though it is a very nice restaurant. Still, while the place isn't cheap as many other chinese restaurants, keep in mind that the food is good, and that it is reasonably priced for a michelin star.
#REVIEW#Been here twice. Both times in weekday evenings and the waiting time was definitely 20 min + and like most places they only seat when everyone of the party is there.We sat at the bar and ordered cocktails. My Chinese friend told me that the naming convention of the cocktails was great, that they were all artsy old Chinese movie titles. This coupled with the the old posters in the restaurant, makes it all unique. Side note:2046 cocktail didn't taste great. Get lucky lychee or anything else actually. We ordered the fish stew, whole baked fish, braised pork belly, roasted eggplant and everything couldn't be more perfect. We had the sesame balls for dessert and they were nice too. Great food, reasonable prices and nice cocktails. Service could be better, we had to wait several minutes and had to call someone to take our orders.But, everything else was good and I'll definitely go here again.
#REVIEW#Wow, Han Dynasty on steroids? This place has awesome szechuan cuisine.All of the dishes were very good and super reasonably priced, but here are a few must-gets in my opinion:-Tea-smoked duck. So tender, juicy, and a great smoky flavor. They don't cheat you out of meat either - should be plenty of quality pieces to share around the table.-Fish blossom. Fresh tilapia that is a visual pleaser and comes with the most delicious sweet and sour sauce (pour it over your rice!). Only improvement to be made is to make the outside of the fish crispier.-Chungking braised fish stew (WHITE style): if you need a break from the spice, this dish has a very calming yet flavorful brothWhat also makes this place great is the service, which is very attentive and polite (not found at every chinese restaurant heh)Highly recommend for an affordable and accessible Michelin star outing. FYI, came with a group of 7 and only waited for 40 minutes during peak dinner hours on the weekend.
#REVIEW#WOAH. When my friend told me there's a Chinese restaurant in midtown she liked, I was VERY confused. We went the basic route & had the following:Double cooked pork: Soicy but flavorful with some tofu inside that made me wonder, how can a dish this flavorful not be worshipped??? Soft shell crabs: OMG SPICY. & yes, you can eat he shells. This was more of a shezuan style food with hot peppers boasting with flavor. Definitely not for the weak of heart.Scallion pancakes: Crispy and more thin & oily than I had expected but equally as good nonethelessPan fried Pork Pot Stickers: Yum! No oil dripping just meat and dumpling skin with that nice crunch on the outsideOverall, this was a surprisingly great spot for dinner! Def check it out.
#REVIEW#I've been wanting to try this place for so long and finally got to try it on a Wednesday night. I expected some waiting beforehand, and the hostess told us to wait for about 1 and a half hour. It turned out to be an hour. We got the text from the restaurant and showed up. The place was packed and busy. I was little surprised that they were this busy on a weekday night but the overall service was attentive and fast.The interior is very cozy and interesting. There were a lot of old Chinese paintings which were showstoppers for me. The actual menu was small and it felt like a little booklet, which was so cute and unique! The tables were very close to each other, I felt very uncomfortable and crowded. The table itself was very small too.We ordered Dan Dan noodles, Kung Pao Chicken, and Shrimp dumplings. They took soup dumplings out of the menu, so we ordered shrimp dumplings. The overall portion is very small. When I received all three of the dishes, I felt like I had to order some more.  However as we ate more, it was little too greasy for us so we couldn't finish the whole plate. I wish we had ordered some more veggies on the side because there was like only 3 leaves of veggie in Dan Dan noodles and non in Kung Pao or dumplings. However the flavor was very pleasing and chicken was so tender and well-seasoned. I know it's a Michelin-starred restaurant and can say it's priced reasonably for its value, but I wouldn't wait again to dine in. I think it will be a great option for take-out (since they are doing that), but I would be little hesitant to recommend this place to dine in.
#REVIEW#I've been here a few times now and have consistently had phenomenal meals, one of the best values I've found near midtown. I'll almost always have the three pepper chicken as my entree, the chicken is lightly fried and juicy. The peppers provide a great kick and classic tingling sensation from the peppercorn. I wish there were a little more rice given to help balance it out as the flavor can be a little overwhelming as you go through the meal if it isn't cut with something else. The service is fairly quick, but if you go at dinner time be prepared to wait a solid while. They'll text you when the table is ready and they tend to overestimate the wait time, but it has been worth it every time!
#REVIEW#Affordable, delicious Chinese food. My parents came here when they were in NYC, and they loved it. Given how picky they are about eating at Chinese restaurants, I knew I had to try it at some point. Color me surprised when I found out Café China even has a Michelin star.We decided to come to Café China for lunch one day. Note that you can make reservations but the minimum is four guests for lunch and eight for dinner. Since it was just the two of us, we had to go in person and see what the wait time was. Thankfully, we were only quoted half an hour. Once we were seated, we perused the menu and opted for dan dan noodles, pork dumplings in chili oil, braised fish filet with tofu, and a-choy. Every dish we ordered was under $20. Most entrées are under $30.Although Sichuan cuisine is one of my favorite styles of Chinese cuisine, I find that many Sichuan-centric restaurants tend to overspice all the entrées or the food is entirely too oily. Café China is able to strike the right balance of flavors. Everything tasted delicious, but not overwhelmingly fiery, mouth-tingling, or greasy. Fresh, clean, authentic.A quaint, nondescript place, one can easily overlook Café China without a second thought. But those people would be missing out. Highly recommend and would come back in a heartbeat.
#REVIEW#Loved this place. It was packed at 3pm on a Sunday. But we did walk up and get a table for 2. We got cold noodles Szechaun style and they were AWESOME (I'm pretty mild when it comes to spice so for me, they do have a spicy kick)We got wonton soup and garlic chicken, all so good. Service was efficient and feelingly. Food came out as it was ready and we loved it!Afterwards we wish we would have ordered and tried even more!!
#REVIEW#For a Michelin star restaurant, I had pretty high expectations for this place. It didn't blow me away, but it was still pretty tasty. We got: - Beef tendon- Eggplant in garlic sauce - Dan dan noodles - Braised pork - Pork dumplings in chili oilDefinitely get the pork dumplings in chili oil - so good. If you like beef tendon and can handle numbing spiciness, get the beef tendon dish. The eggplant was also pretty tasty. We didn't really like the braised pork or dan dan noodles -- wouldn't recommend getting these. Put our name down on a Friday night around 8 PM for party of 3 and got seated in about an hour!
#REVIEW#A one star Michelin restaurant is defined as "a very good restaurant in its category" - Cafe China is perfectly that. The food, ambience, and service all hit the spot; I'm already looking forward to my next visit.Food: the highlights were the mapo tofu (麻婆豆腐), snow pea leaves (豆苗), and the twice cooked pork (回锅肉). By far the most intriguing was the tofu - its spices reminded me exactly of the real flavors in Sichuan, which are genuinely difficult to find and recreate in America. The snow pea leaves were a fantastic counter-balancing dish to an otherwise spicy meal, and the twice cooked pork was one of the most tender versions I've had.Ambience: loved the stylistic throwback to the 1930's - the wallpaper, the bowls, and even the music (夜上海!) built up nicely to transport us back in time.Service: Cafe China has the best service of any Chinese restaurant I've been to. The waiters are attentive and speak fluent English / Chinese, which is awesome. They came up at least 3-4x during our meal to check in and make sure everything was okay, and asked if we needed anything.Lastly, on a personal note - Cafe China, thank you for being the first Michelin Chinese restaurant in the US. Thanks for showing the world how awesome Chinese food - and restaurants - can be.
#REVIEW#Everything about our experience was perfect!  Based on a collection from someone local, we decided to explore this Michelin star gem. There was a short wait when we arrived but they seated us within 10 minutes. They are pretty strict with placing 2 person groups in the 2 seater tables and waiting for larger groups to fill the 4 tables.  Their cute menu is a cool photo book but no food photos. We started with a sparkling chardonnay that was so yummy.  Their menu had a variety of foods.  We ordered some dim sum courses and then moved to a couple of main dishes. The crystal shrimp dumplings were SO amazing; shrimp was so tasty and there was probably 6 to this order. The pork pot stickers were in a tasty sauce and slurping the dumpling with the sauce was a much tastier way to eat it. Hubby went outside of his comfort zone and ordered the beef sautéed with chili's. He hesitated when the dish was placed in front of him because of the large amount of chili's.  He absolutely loved his dish.  I was thrilled to get the Kung Fu Shrimp: pan fried very large flavorful shrimps.  I'm not sure if people eat them whole(skin and all) but I peeled mine and wanted another plate full of this awesome dish. Service was excellent. We never had an empty glass and the servers knew that one glass of sparkling would eventually lead to two. I'd definitely come back to enjoy the other dishes that I could not fit into my belly.
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch on a Tuesday when they first opened. I really liked the way the restaurant was decorated, very old school China vibe. The waiters were attentive through time we were there as there were not many people in the restaurant. The food was okay, nothing special. Ordered the double cooked pork belly, three pepper chicken, and string beans. Out of the three dishes, I felt the string beans were best. The pork was cooked well and it was nice and fatty, but was way too salty. The chicken had good spice to it, but the meat was dry. The string beans had the right amount of seasoning and they were not too greasy. No real complaints about my dining experience, overall average.However, my girlfriend decided to order lunch today and the expected delivery time was 1pm. She waited until almost 2pm to receive her food. She only works about a 10 minute walk from the restaurant. She called the restaurant multiple times for a status update and not once did the restaurant staff pick up. I understand they might be busy, but it's not an excuse to ignore your phone.
#REVIEW#I love Cafe China and think it's absolutely deserving of its Michelin Star. I'd recommend coming here with a group so that you can sample many dishes as is typical with Chinese cuisine. It's hard for me to name my favorite dishes - everything is so good! I do love spicy Szechuan food, so I'd say the more hot peppers listed on the menu usually correlate to my must-ordered items. For me I would say the spice level is reasonable even for the items marked the spiciest - it's definitely toned down from the Szechuan you'd find in restaurants in China, so if you like spice, don't be afraid of ordering these dishes. The only negative remark I would have is that a lot of the food can be pretty oily. But no doubt it's delicious!
#REVIEW#To be honest, not a big Chinese fan AT ALL....but after serval big Chinese buffs told me this is their go to... I had to give it a shot...Tried several things which did the job and tasted better than most. If I do return only recommend the Dan Dan noodles and the kung pao those were the two items I was thoroughly impressed with. Also, we went at 5 pm (when they opened) and the entire restaurant was packed, quite impressive.
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner because wanted to try a Michelin star Chinese restaurant.Overall the food was good.  We had some apps ( Dan dan noodles - which Were a not too watery and lacking spice and taste, I've had better ).  Also had dumplings in chilly sauce and cucumber.  For main course we had kungpo chicken- this was very good and a fish and tofu stew.We came Sunday afternoon so there was no wait and got seated right away.   Overall it's a solid place with good food and reasonably priced.   Was I blown away, not really, would come back if the wait is short and I'm in the area.
#REVIEW#Loved this place. I came in on a rainy Wednesday as a party of one and went straight to the bar with every other business traveller. I asked the bartender what he recommended and he asked tons of questions to determine what I liked and didnt like to help me figure out what to order which was nice of him. I ordered the dan dan noodles dim sum which were incredible. For my entree I ordered the Kung Pao chicken which was very good too. I would definitely come back here.
#REVIEW#I'm a bit surprised this place has a Michelin star.  I didn't think the Chungking chicken was anything special.  In fact there was very little chicken and mostly fried batter in our dish.  The manager was kind enough to take it off our bill since we were so disappointed that they would serve us mostly fried batter (as I looked at the pictures it was clear those pictures had a lot of meaty chicken).  We ordered something else because we didn't want to leave hungry.Our snow peas were good.  I used their restroom and there were dead bugs on the floor which honestly turned me off a bit.  The service was good and the food came out quickly.  The restaurant was packed.  I guess my expectations were high but I'll probably never go back.
#REVIEW#I thought the pouring rain would deter people from trying this place, but I was very wrong. We had to wait about an hour and a half for a table of four on a weekday night. Fortunately, there are some great bar options nearby like the Ginger man!We split a bunch of appetizers including the dan dan noodles, the cold noodles, spicy wontons and cucumbers! Like other reviewers, I liked the cold noodles better than the dan dan noodles, but they were both delicious. The table was split in half in regard to the spicy wontons. I was not used to the herbal taste, but others really loved it.For the entrees, we got the double cooked pork, the duck and the infamous Szechuan fish. The duck seemed to be everyone's favorite. Some of the double cooked pork pieces were very salty and the fish dish was a little too spicy for me. I would come back to eat here again, but probably not any time too soon.
