#NAME#Buvette
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/buvette-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#french,wine_bars,cocktailbars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I wasn't sure if this place was worth the hype and the long wait but it IS. Come early for short wait times (before 10:30). We got the croque madame and eggs with goat cheese/herbs. I was super excited for the eggs because they look phenomenal. Think there's no added dairy, it's just eggs that are steamed via the steamer on the espresso machine. I think it looked better than it tasted.The croque madame however, was phenomenal. We got a second one for dessert (the portions are small). Would totally come back again! What a cute place!
#REVIEW#I had heard such great things about Buvette, so I figured why not take a friend visiting from Seattle here for brunch? Biggest mistake ever. After waiting 30+ mins for a table, we went inside, made our order, and were finally presented with two tiny plates of food. For the price of nearly $20 an entree, I guess I was expecting more than a piece of toast with some college dining hall scrambled eggs slapped onto it. I legitimately could have made the Jambon Cru in ten minutes in the comfort of my own home instead of paying an exorbitant amount for half a portion size. I give this place 3 stars out of acknowledgement that that dinner options are probably far superior to the breakfast/brunch menu, and because of the cute aesthetics (that I would have enjoyed far more had the food been satisfying). However, my experience here did not live up to the hype, and my friend was seriously not impressed with the New York brunch scene afterward -- brunch in the city is almost always overpriced and overrated, but the portion size at Buvette just really killed me. Take all the ranting and raving over this place with a grain of salt.
#REVIEW#The Belgian waffle needs to be ordered!!!! Oooh the cream cheese on it...Portions are on the smaller side but taste really good. Coffee is good but no free refills.Friendly staff.
#REVIEW#This place has such a great ambience but would've loved if they had more vegetarian options on the menu. We went there for brunch and I got the Belgian waffle and omg, it was sooo delicious. Loved it!
#REVIEW#As cute as you'd imagine it to be, Buvette is a charming place with a bunch of seating and exactly the kind of spot you want to be on a perfect summer Sunday afternoon. Love the ambiance and general vibe, the food is equally good! We ordered 3 dishes between 2 of us, unfortunately it wasn't enough and we were still quite hungry after. The portions are small and on the pricier side ($15+ for most of the them), although as tasty as you'd expect. I would order the steak tartare and croque madame again. Love the bit of prosciutto garnish they put on the croque madame. Coffee was quite expensive too; my latte was $6 or so, definitely have never paid that much for a basic espresso-based drink at a bistro type setting.
#REVIEW#Nice breakfast. They don't take reservations so you may have to wait for a table, but it is worth the wait. The place has a cozy ambiance and has a little terrace where you can eat when the weather is nice. The service is incredible as well, waiters are nice and friendly.
#REVIEW#Food: 5/5Stopped by for lunch with friends. We ordered the salade nicoise, saumon fume, cr'q madame, belgium waffle, side fruit salad, croissants, blood orange juice, americano and red wine. Everything was delicious and made with fresh ingredients. I would recommend the salade nicoise. The tuna is delicious and the sun dried tomatoes are perfectly sweet/tart. Best tuna salad I've ever had! The saumon fume and cr'q madame were also very delicious. The capers and gruyere added the perfect savory touch. The waffle was airy/light but crisp and their blood orange juice was pure refreshing perfection. Great spot to dine or to grab coffee/croissants!Service: 5/5Our waitress was a doll. She was very sweet and accommodating. Constantly checked in on us.Ambiance: 4/5Cozy and charming! New York meets Paris in the West Village. Great place to dine. Wish the place was bigger and less crammed.
#REVIEW#Excellent flavors and well executed food. Place is uber cramped. No reservations but we only waited about 20 minutes on a Thursday night at 9 pm. We had the ratatouille and the anchovies tartins which were slices of really delish baguette spread with whipped goat cheese or butter and then topped with the veggies or fish. We ordered the mussels but well into our wait we were told they were sold out. We also had the coq au vin, beets and eggplant. All were excellent but portions really small. We needed that many items to feel like we ate enough.  The five dishes and two glasses of wine were $120 with tax and tip. I'd go back.
#REVIEW#Came for breakfast on a Saturday morning around 8:30 and was seated right away! The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. My friend and I each got the salmon with steamed eggs which came with buttered baguette slices. The eggs were silky smooth and the salmon was a good portion size.Overall, this place was very cute and had a Parisian flair. Reading the reviews, I think this place would be great for any meal of the day and can't wait to come back for their dinner menu!
#REVIEW#One of my girlfriends got there first and put down her name, as she waited for me and my other girlfriend to arrive. Definitely, a very popular spot because there were so many people waiting outside. My friend went inside to let them know that everyone was here so she waited about 30 mins for our table. We had an option to sit outside since the temperature was warmish but the guy wasn't clear where until we ended up sitting on a balcony. Believe me...I was distracting myself not to look down in the cracks because I am scared of heights! My view was the fire escape hahaK: Cappuccino + Croissants + Croque Madame A: Waffle Sandwich - when one of my friends mentioned that their portions were small...holy moly...wow the plating was really sloppy...they diagonally cut one waffle and pretty much threw everything in-between the waffle...usually the maple syrup will be served on the side but they actually pour it all over your entire dishC: Café au Lait (whole milk only)...there was no handle so pretty much drinking it like soup + Waffle Sandwich Our server barely check-in with us but he was clearing all the emptied plates on our table so fast. Chill dude...I am not even done eating my bacon. The restaurant was just too crowded and I couldn't wait to just leave. The food and service were thumbs downs!They don't take reservations!
#REVIEW#As long as it's taken NYC to grow on me, I must admit there is a certain level of charm that's hard to achieve anywhere else. Case and point: Buvette. This place is oozing with charm, it's NY meets Paris in the best of ways. The food itself is visually stunning! You know how you catch yourself locked eyes on a plate as it crosses the room and is delivered to a table? Yeah, that happens a lot here. And to think it's all discreetly prepared at the tiny stations behind the bar.  It's literally like food appearing out of thin air. For breakfast, I go for the jambon cru. A mountain of fluffy, creamy scrambled eggs topped with just sliced tender prociotto, grated Parmesan, all sitting on two pieces of crispy toast. Yeah, it's pretty much as good as it sounds. Buvette is worth the hype, if even for an occasional indulgence. $8 OJ's can put a hurtin on your wallet real quick. Yes I know it's Soho, but my bank account isn't set up that way lol
#REVIEW#Buvette is a cozy and romantic little spot in the West Village. While I loved the decor and environment, the food left a bit more to desire. They suggested about two dishes per person since they are small. My friend and I split 3 and felt full from it.We got the carottes rapees, which was a bunch of carrots doused in lemon with pistachios scattered throughout. I found it to be the best dish, as the lemon flavor was refreshing and light. We also got the coq Au vin. We both agreed it was our least favorite dish. It was extremely salty so we were constantly reaching for our water. Though the flavor was a miss for us, we loved how tender the chicken was. Finally we got the cassoulet, which had slow cooked duck and some pork. Like the chicken, it was really tender duck but the flavor was so overly salty that I mostly just remember drinking water instead of eating the food.
#REVIEW#This place is the most charming little bundle of Paris packaged into the West Village. It's a neighborhood favorite of mine for brunch/breakfast, but can be a bit annoying to be seated on busy weekend mornings so I suggest weekday visits if you can.We had the Jambon Cru and the waffle egg sandwich. The jambon cru is sooo delicious - with steamed eggs and a heaping pile of prosciutto, you just can't go wrong. The breakfast sandwich was a lovely mix of sweet and savory. Pro tip - their juices are freshly squeezed and totally wonderful. Very pleasant and intimate place!
#REVIEW#Went for dinner so didn't get the cappuccino egg experience like every other instagram girls out there.But still a solid spot for french food, albeit pricey and extremely small portioned.Coq au vin was delicious and so was the curry mussels with fries. Definitely got to come back early next time and try all the egg brunch dishes.
#REVIEW#Went here for breakfast, beware there's always going to be a wait or it'll be crowded. Went here at 11am on a Friday and I noticed instantly that the tables were much smaller and that the ambiance was definitely more on the cozy/cramped side. Service was wonderful as our waitress quickly took our coffee orders and then our food orders. C' d Madame was amazing, totally not greasy, sunny side egg was perfect, two different types of cheeses and portion was not out of control. We got the check quickly as well, bar seating area also looked nice. Great date spot as the ambience is nice and the bathrooms are equipped with Aesop hand lotion and hand soap.I will say that the total was a little more on the pricier side, high ~50s for two dishes and two coffees (not including service).
#REVIEW#Flavor-wise 5 stars for sure. There was such a depth of flavor, and all the ingredients went together perfectly in each dish. I've been to a lot of restaurants I really like, but less places really wow me. This was one of them. We went for brunch on a Sunday around 2pm. (Brunch until 4).We got the Saumon Fumé. The eggs are so good, savory, and buttery. They have such a nice consistency. Hands down one of the best scrambled eggs I've had. The toast went well with it but it was small. Smoked salmon and the cream on top was good. The olive (?) on top I don't think is supposed to be eaten because I tried it and I'm pretty sure it's meant to be an aesthetic garnishing. Belgian waffles also blew me away. I didn't know it could be so flavorful without being overly sweet. Fruit was so fresh and the perfect ripeness. Waffle was light and fluffy and the cream and powdered sugar completed it. It really was a wonderful combination. And I'm usually not a sweet brunch person! Service wasn't particularly great but definitely wasn't bad at all! Likely because this place is super busy and crowded. Only downside (I normally would have reduced a star but the food tasted better than my expectations) was the looooong wait time. But that's how you know this place is good right? We were told that our wait would be 45 minutes but it ended up being 1.5 hours. It was pretty torturous to wait outside on the bench. Every dish we got was approx $16 and portions aren't too big so the check definitely ends up being a bit hefty.
#REVIEW#This place is such a gem in Greenwich Village. They served a smaller portion of food compared with other brunch place but tasted great. It's a little overpriced. I ordered Chevre and two coffees. $40 including tips.
#REVIEW#Wonderful spot in New York City serving French inspired dishes with an adorable atmosphere. Went for breakfast and enjoyed what they had to offer, had the Croquet Madame and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of everything. The only downside to this place is that it can get a little bit pricy for the amount of food you receive.
#REVIEW#Long time favorite of mine. Have always enjoyed the food wine and atmosphere.  The wait to be seated can be long depending on the day and time but if you can wait, it definitely worth it.  Wine selection and service has always been amazing here.  A must to try.
#REVIEW#This place makes me so damn happy. I've eaten at this location numerous times before and was shocked to see that I hadn't written a review for it yet. If you read my review about the sister restaurant in Paris you'll know how much of a fan I am.The menu is concise, focused and really delicious. Ranging from steamed eggs to sandwiches and small salads it's perfectly done. In my most recent visit we has the table ordered some croissants to share along side a nice bottle of Chenin Blanc. I love the croque monseiur so much that it's basically the only thing that I order. See photo for mouthwatering image.The service is impeccable, the atmosphere is lively, and the Decour makes you feel like the restaurant has been around for decades. If you're a fan of brunch make sure to visit The Spot as it's one of my favorites if not my favorite in New York City.
