#NAME#Jun-Men Ramen Bar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jun-men-ramen-bar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#ramen#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#One word: MAZEMEN! Came here on a Tuesday evening with my friend, it's been on her list forever and I was down to try it out.First off - one of the few places in NYC I know that sell mazemen! Basically a dry ramen, no broth but still packed with tons of flavors and toppings. Naturally I got it, while my friend tried the pork broth that's probably one of the most popular dishes there. Basically, she told me that jun men is her new favorite ramen. She took one sip of the broth and fell in love. I tried some and it was indeed very good, made me wish I had the stomach capacity to eat a whole bowl of ramen in addition to what I had.But now for the starring role: the mazemen. Is incredible here. The portion is satisfying and is sure you fill you up. The noodles are perfectly al dente. The pancetta, oil, and other flavors and toppings just all mix together soooo harmoniously. It's like Asian pasta. In a way it's better than pasta. (And I love pasta to no end)Some other basics: staff was friendly and the interior is hip and cool and sleek. Definitely a great space to have some great food.What are you waiting for? Try that mazemen and get ready to be changed forever.
#REVIEW#Came here for a break from the rain. Got here just after 6pm and the restaurant was half empty. The space of the restaurant is pretty small when one was lugging a stroller and two munchkins in tow. Nevertheless the waitress was happy enough to accommodate us and placed the stroller near their working area. We sat ourselves by the kitchen. The kids enjoyed seeing the chefs making noodles and buns. The service was attentive and we promptly ordered a bowl of pork ramen with extra noodles and chicken karaage bun. The waitress and also chef pointed out the mayo is spicy jalapeño and might be too spicy. They suggested normal mayo which was good thinking! The ramen's broth was tasty especially with the miserable rain outside. It came with the standard egg, shallots, mushrooms and bamboo shoots. The bowl was $17 but I asked for extra noodles for additional $2. The chicken karaage bun was also nice and tasty. Chicken came straight out of the deep fryer and the buns itself was nice and soft. One of the nicer buns I've had. Total bill for the two ended up being $37 with tax and tip. Much better than enduring the rain outside I'd say!
#REVIEW#We were hoping to get the uni mazemen there but unfortunately it was not available. A bit confused as to why they would still charge the same price ($19) even though they're replacing it with the cheaper char siu. They also did not have the green tea creme brûlée available. What we were able to get was pretty solid but nothing mind blowing in terms of other ramen spots in the city. The pork ramen was flavorful but the spicy pork was not spicy enough. We didn't get any appetizers but wished we did since the ramen wasn't as filling as expected. The green tea cheesecake was interesting but it was very dense (maybe too much flour?) flavors were good but only after the pieces had melted in our mouths.This spot is pretty tight and walk in only. We didn't have a long wait on a Monday night but they don't do reservations under 6
#REVIEW#This place is even toddler approved! My 3 year old loved the plain ramen with the thick noodles. Of course I tried it 1st and it is really flavorful. I had the crispy shrimp. That's a shrimp tempura is a spicy mayo. Beware, it is spicy. Not overly so, but sometimes at restaurants the idea of "spicy" isn't true. Here there truly is spice, but it's the right amount with a good flavor. Enjoy!
#REVIEW#In the Chelsea area, at the late lunch hour, stumbled onto Jun-Men and discovered an excellent lunch spot.Stepped inside this small Ramen Bar and we were greeted and immediately seated. Water was brought and I ordered a Junmai sake.Started with an order of the Chicken Wings.4 pieces of double fried chicken wings glazed with jun-men sauce. Excellent. Wings were salty & crispy, but that glaze added sweetness. Jun-Men Fried Rice. Chinese sausage, kimchi, fried egg, tobiko, micro basil. I loved this fried rice. Inhaled.Pork Bone Ramen.Chashu, kikurage, menma, egg, scallion, black oil.I was a fan of the Ramen, too! Alternating bites between the fried rice and ramen.Service was friendly and efficient. Food exceeded my expectations and wish I could have ordered more food, but alas, was too full.
#REVIEW#This is a nice little ramen house, with some seating but it is overall pretty small. I tried the spicy pork bone ramen, and the broth tasted pretty good and was actually spicy. The noodles were Japanese ramen noodles, not any of the instant noodle crap. The portion was a bit smaller than I was expected, given the price of about $17 a bowl. The customer service here was very good, as the waiters and waitresses helped refill your water and was available when needed. Overall, a pretty average ramen house. I might go back if necessary, but I think there are definitely a lot more better places with cheaper prices.
#REVIEW#Returned and tried a few different dishes this time. Jun-Men uses Yelp Waitlist now, which is great. I had the pork bone ramen again, which wasn't as good as I remember but still decent. Sweet potato fries, crispy shrimp and pork buns were also excellent. Standout was probably the shrimp.
#REVIEW#Ok. Adding this to my growing list of nyc ramen baes. I did not expect how good this place was, but I am so happy I gave it a try. This review is actually for my second time there, same reaction both times. The restaurant is pretty small, and none of their chairs have backs so it's good for posture (?) but the ramen is WORTH. You can lineup before you get there on the yelp waitlist. Super handy and my friend and I got there almost right as we got seated (8 pm on Wednesday). I'm going to include reviews for the foods I got both times below-- Apps: Chicken wings - really good. great texture & juicyness, cant go wrongPork bun - we were sitting at the bar so I got to watch them make my pork buns. They blow torch them. Trust me this shit is so good. I saw them make a bbq pork bun also and wanted that too but it's okay my OG pork bun was really goodShitake bun - SO unami. such a good balance of flavours. I really like Shitake though so might be biasedEntrees: Pork bone - Really great broth, slightly on the rich side (personal preference) but it tasted fresh as well. Noodles have great consistency and the black oil on top is one of my fave ramen additions (real great smokey taste). Can't go wrong.Spicy Pork Bone - I can't handle spice so this was actually a bit too spicy for me, but it's not THAT bad. If you can't handle spice you can challenge yourself with this and not be disappointed. It's hot though. All of the good of the pork bone plus that spicy oil kick. Uni mushroom mazemen - I love broth so much, but this dry ramen blew me away. It is SO good. Uni is amazing, first of all but the strong truffle-y creaminess of the ramen mix killed me. Again, biased bc mushroom. My friend that I went with got this both times so testament to how great this place is. The place does a lot of take out so I'm jealous if you live nearby. Nowhere to put your bags / coat though so don't bring too much.
#REVIEW#2.5/5Could be that ramen as takeout (Mealpal) just doesn't do the place justice, but very underwhelmed by this place.Noodles: super bouncy, and my favorite component!Broth: bitter aftertaste, doesn't overpower that much, but also just quite averageChashu: DRY. Tasted like the cured/dried pork belly meats that you see hanging off the racks at the Chinese meat restaurants.
#REVIEW#Exactly what I was expecting from the description on Google - small and cozy with an open kitchen and terrific food. I got the poke bowl and my daughter got the pork belly ramen. Both were great! Service was friendly too. Not cheap, but I felt like it was a fair price, considering the quality of the food. I would definitely go again.
#REVIEW#Wow. W O W. I truly am not upset I paid $17 for a bowl of ramen here.This restaurant is pretty small and cozy, and there was a slight wait when I got there at 7pm on a Wednesday. My brother (a ramen enthusiast) has been urging me to try this spot out for about a year now, ever since he interned in NY over the summer and ate at nearly every ramen joint he could find. To me, the first thing you try when you get the bowl is the soup (I got spicy pork bone). If it's too salty, then you know the noodles will at least be flavorful. If it's too bland, then that's just sad. Luckily, this was the Goldilocks of soup, and it was just right - the right amount of spice (though I did add a little more because I like for my mouth to be on fire) and the right amount of "creaminess" that comes with pork bone broth. It wasn't heavy as some soups tend to get, and it doesn't feel like you're drinking liquified sodium. It's smooth and honestly could probably cure a cold. Of course, if the soup is good, it's really hard to mess up everything else. The noodles weren't overcooked & the right proportion in relation to soup (!!!). I liked how they cooked their chashu - so soft and could actually melt in your mouth. It didn't taste fatty as some other restaurants do. The only comment I would make is that I wish they would give you both halves of the egg.
#REVIEW#This is the top bun spot in the neighborhood - the baos are insanely good. You've gotta get the pork bun and especially the fried shiitake mushroom bun, which is the greatest veggie bun we've had. The sweet potato fries with maple syrup and honey are so delicious too. Grab a seat at the counter, where you can watch the chefs perfectly sear the pork for all the ramens and stir the pork bones in these massive pots. The chefs here are meticulous with their cooking, and the open kitchen reveals how talented they are. Our server Mary was so kind - really thoughtful throughout our meal, giving us new napkins and tasty recommendations. We also had the uni ramen noodles and the spicy pork born ramen, preferring the pork ramen. The appetizers here are better than the entrees, but all are great. We left stuffed and so satisfied.5 Stars!!!!!
#REVIEW#I probably have tried at least 25 ramen places, this is probably the best I have ever had. Their appetizers are just as amazing as their ramens. We got the sweet potato fries which has honey bourbon butter on it, so crunchy and tasty with the spicy mayo sauce. Their wings were crunchy with some kinda salty pepper sauce. Pork bun is the best I've ever had so far, I don't normally like because they either are too fatty or the meat taste funky but this one is amazing...not only the meat doesn't taste funky, I don't taste the fat either. We got the spicy pork bone, spicy miso, and kimchi ramen. Love the spicy miso, the soup is just perfect and all of the toppings including the meat were tasty and authentic. I like kimchi as well, except for the pork shoulder meat...it was a bit tough and tasted weird but their soup was good. The spicy pork bone is not as tasty and feels like just any other OK ramen out there. Kinda upset that they don't make the green tea creme brûlée anymore, wanted to try that.
#REVIEW#Come here if you want to test the limits of your girls stomach. ;PCame here on a Wednesday night on Halloween at 9pm after a party and another noodle joint in Chelsea. Went with the girl and we were immediately seated. We ordered the Tonkotsu, Jun-men fried rice, and a matcha-cheese cake. Total bill amounted to $40. Pretty standard for dinner for two in the city. AMBIANCE:Casual, lowkey ramen bar. Does get pretty loud, expected from a ramen joint. PROS:Tonkotsu was hella thick, rich, creamy, and flavorful! Definitely tasted the labors of love that went into making the broth. Gotta be hands down one of the better tasting pork-bone broths that I've had in the city! Good amount of garlic to stink your breath away (jk, but good enough to make it delicious without too overpowering), the noodles were firm and not too soft. Chasiu was BOMB - I was afraid of them overcooking the pork to dryness but these were decadent and melts right in your mouth! Good smoky flavor from the pork too since they use a blow torch to quickly sear the meat. Menma and seaweed shoots added a nice crunchy texture which overall made the experience enjoyable.Matcha cheese cake was nice and fluffy. Didn't had too much of it, but for $8 they give you two slices. Homegirl ate both of them and seemed to enjoy it lol. CONS:Wasn't a huge fan of the fried rice. Was a little bland for my tastes, and could definitely use more heat from spices and sausages to the dish. Kimchi was rather acidic and I thought was quite overpowering. OVERALL:Come here for the pork tonkotsu! Definitely one of the best bowls of pork bone ramen I've had here. Wouldn't recommend their fried rice, but knowing this primarily a ramen restaurant wouldn't hold them up to high for their fried rice.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Wednesday night with the boy as the second leg of our restaurant hopping. At first glance, it was a rather tiny shop with only a few tables and a bar seating. Plus, it was also rather crowded but we were seated almost immediately, which was a good plus.Food wise, we ordered the Tonkotsu, Jun-Men Fried Rice, and the Matcha Cheesecake. The Tonkotsu itself was perfectly fatty and rich in terms of the broth! You could literally see that layer of fat swimming on top of the broth, which is always a good indicator of how authentic the broth is. Noodles themselves were very nicely cooked and the Cha Siu Pork was also very flavorful and juicy! I also really liked their Matcha Cheesecake as the flavor of the Matcha came through pretty strongly and balanced the sweetness of the cheesecake.I, however, wasn't too huge of a fan of the Jun-Men Fried Rice. Though it was nicely cooked, the rice itself didn't contain too much flavor other than it being spicy and sour due to the kimchi. So overall, the flavors in the rice were pretty one-directional and didn't blow my mind.Overall, the ramen and cheesecake are what I would recommend to order if you ever stop by here! Skip the fried rice and enjoy the noods and cheesecake.
#REVIEW#It's alright. Finally went to check out the ramen bar in chelsea. It's located sort of nowhere. It's tiny with a small bar by the open kitchen and maybe like 4-5 tables. We sat by the ramen bar and saw them cooking. They seem to do a lot of take out orders and we were seated by where the waitresses pack the take outs so she kept hitting me and didn't let me put my bag anywhere. They don't do coat check or have those little hangers under the tables so I was clueless as to what they wanted me to do with my coat and the bag especially when the chairs are tiny. Anyway, and the food. It's over priced, small portioned and nothing unusual. The noodles were good but the other veggie ingredients they put on top of the noodles weren't the best. This dark green colored veggie had some curry powder flavor that I don't like. Also, if they are charging almost $20 for a bowl with tip and tax, use some better ingredients please or serve with more noodles.
#REVIEW#Decent ramen place in Chelsea. You can eat either at the ramen bar or at the tables. The ramen was fine as were the appetizers. They have beer & wine for sale. Tried 2 kinds of ramen, the fried rice, sweet potato fries, pork buns, chicken wings & crispy shrimp. This was too much food for 3 people & a child. The service was friendly and we had a good meal.
#REVIEW#I like big buns and I can not lie... BBQ Pork Buns that is! Hidden gem of a eatery, little more pricy than your local bun or ramen join but well worth the money!
#REVIEW#Love this place! Found Jun-Men by accident for late lunch. The chicken wings are a must try - love the sauce with hints of yuzu and plenty togarashi that gives just the right amount of kick. As for the ramen, I opted for their signature Uni Mushroom Mazemen - it's pretty much an Umami bomb in a bowl. Uni, truffle oil, pancetta, and cheese along with perfectly chewy ramen noodles. If you're in the mood of treating yourself and forget that tight jeans you're wearing... go ahead and make yourself happy! Will come back next time I'm in NYC.
#REVIEW#This was by FAR the best Ramen I have ever had! I tried the Spicy Pork Ramen recommenced by our waitress and it was DELICIOUS. My husband tried the Uni and learned later that Uni is a sea urchin- we both thought it was yummy- but thought it was a sauce at first  either way it was creamy and flavorful and the rest of that dish was awesome as well.
