#NAME#Maison Pickle
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/maison-pickle-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cocktailbars,comfortfood,sandwiches#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#I love this place! I've been here a handful of times. The service is really good. The waiters are very nice and social -- still professional. The food wait is not extremely long, but long enough for you to get a conversation going with your dinner or lunch partner. But when the food does come...... every bite is delicious. I'm serious, I have yet to order something that wasn't yummy. This place also has a vast array of drinks. Seriously everything from Prosecco to absinthe (surely I'll have to come back to try the absinthe)I also find the price of food here very affordable given the service, the restaurant location and atmosphere & food quality. (My only tiny little "complaint" is sometimes I could use a little more salt in my food, but again that's a personal preference) Love this place!
#REVIEW#We had grand plans of going to Jacob's Pickles for brunch but of course life got in the way and we got there right as the wait was super long. I suggested we check out Maison--and boy, was that the smartest thing I have ever suggested EVER.We were a group of 3 and got seated right away in a lofted area overlooking the bar. This was great because I had a great view of everyone's food so I could decide exactly what to order. We started with the pull apart bread, just honey and butter. AMAZING. I was AMAZED. I then got french toast and it was just so large and so delicious. The vibes in the restaurant were so trendy and our waitstaff was great.Highly recommend.
#REVIEW#This is a nice restaurant but the food is just ok. I ordered the french onion soup and asked for extra cheese. The broth was ok, could have used more sherry and some of the onions were actually not fully cooked, they were crunchy...how does this even happen? Then they use sliced cheese on the top, which I am not a fan of for french onion soup and even though I asked for extra cheese I still got what looked to be one slice melted on top.The shrimp cocktail was served with nice big deveined shrimp, so that was good. However, the cocktail sauce just ok. I have had better pre-prepared sauces. The french dip was good and there were no complaints there.Presentation is great, but the taste is just not there.
#REVIEW#If the big friendly chocolate lab that we were able to pet outside while waiting for our table didn't automatically make this a 5 star night, the food, staff, decor and drinks took care of it. I'd say "Best Part of the Night" award goes to the dog for sure. But a VERY close second to Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese. Holy cow... They used big penne pasta, and lots and lots of cheese. Like, a ton of cheese. The chicken on top was incredible. Everyone at the table was raving about this damn chicken. I am not usually a fan of blue cheese, but the drizzle on top added a ton of flavor. Our table of seven split a large as an appetizer and it was the perfect size - just big enough so everyone had plenty, but didn't fill us up. For my entree, I couldn't decide between half the menu. Really, it was the Potato Crusted Salmon and the Fried Chicken and Toast. Very very different, but both sounded very very good. The salmon won. It was amazing. A very decent sized filet in a bed of really creamy sauce. I loved the crispy crust that covered the salmon and the taste of the cream sauce. I did wish it came with some sort of side like greens or potatoes or literally anything other than just the filet. But still 5 stars because of how good it was. Devoured it along side a glass of sauvignon blanc.  *kisses fingers dramatically* We came here on a Saturday night, as a group of 7, with no reservation. We knew it was a long shot, but we only had to wait about 20 minutes. And like I said, there was a dog there, so no one cared. This place was so trendy, I can't wait to come back and get that fried chicken and toast.
#REVIEW#Go to Maison Pickle with the intent that you'll get F*ed up and need to sleep immediately after. Over indulgent, astronomical proportions, and very tasty. For brunch we got here at 11:30am with a party of 3 and got seated immediately, but the restaurant filled up quick.A+ to our server Joey, he was awesome. Now to the food: the pull apart honey and butter bread is an absolute must. Just the right amount of sweetness and savoriness, the honey and butter really balance the soft Hawaiian like rolls very well.The Chicken and Toast... I will applaud anyone that's able to finish the dish. 3 large pieces of French toast with boneless chicken layered on top sprinkled with bacon bits. A small piece of waffle, chicken, bacon, and a drizzle of ketchup make for a solid bite. It was good but became way too much just after a few short bites.My drink was a mocktail of the berry and mint variety, not exactly sure what the exact ingredients were but I enjoyed it nonetheless.
#REVIEW#Belt alert:  Make sure you come here with an empty stomach and wear pants with an elastic waistband because the portions are generous!Came here with friends and had a lovely time.  Service was excellent.  We started with cocktails and my penicillin was so good.  I was trying to eat a little bit lighter so I skipped the French dip (their specialty) and ordered a salad.  With fried chicken on it.  Giant pieces of fried chicken.  It was so good...very light with a delicate fry.  Not heavy and greasy at all but just a lot of it.  One of my friends got a French dip sandwich and it was amazing.We also decided to split an order of fries and a gigantic bowl was delivered to us.  All three of us ate from it during the entire meal but it didn't look like we even put a dent in them! They were delicious.I had a key lime pie for dessert and it was spot on.  The is a fun place with a great vibe, gentle lighting (with a reddish/pinkish tinge) and terrific service.
#REVIEW#Words can't describe how incredible the food is here. Got the mac and cheese and fried chicken and toast and wow! If you can, make a reservation online before you come and they will seat you right away. Even though it was busy the service was great and we didn't wait that long for our food. Must try!
#REVIEW#Celebrating a friend visiting from Hawaii so brought her here for their delicious brunch. The French toast and French drip are extraordinary. Bloody Mary's here are in a league of their own, simply fabulous. Interior is fun and whimsical although a bit loud inside. Great people watching for sure. Been here a few times and service has been hit or miss, this time it was a 'miss'. Oh well, I knew that coming in but everything else here is a 'win-win' Highly recommend, go visit Maison Pickel sooner rather than later.
#REVIEW#Finally visited the place which I repeatedly bookmarked on Yelp. We came to Maison Pickle for dinner but I have heard their breakfast is great! We also got the balcony seats from where, we could see the entire dining area and bar! More than the ambience I was in love with the food! A must visit for all those who want quality and quantity (the portions are huge!)We got the Pull-apart bread & butter for appetizer (a must order!), Chicken Parm(huge dish with 3-4 fried chicken breasts) and the Classique Mac & Cheese which was super cheesy and generous size! Highly recommend this place!
#REVIEW#What took me so long to come here?! SMH!!! *disappointed in myself LOL*Finally, here I am with a friend mid week and we're having brunch!!! When I first walked in there wasn't anyone at the hostess stand. Within a minute or 2 she did come. Greeted & seated us as well as sparked conversation while walking to the table and even after seating us *she was very pleasant.*Within is seconds of being seated our waitress Fatou came and introduced herself. Let me tell you that Fatou was an absolute joy to interact with. When I couldn't choose between two cocktails she helped me to pick and I was not disappointed. I had The Razzle as my cocktail *the presentation is dope, great balance of fruits and alcohol resulting in a perfect brunch cocktail*. For my meal I had the Steak & Eggs..... OMG *my mouth is literally watering as I type this* it was so good!!! Just a party of flavors in my mouth. I've NEVER had a brunch steak that didn't need steak sauce until TODAY!! Steak was perfectly cooked, eggs scrambled hard with cheddar the way I like, and the tater tots were also good. Every employee that walked past our table spoke, asked how we were doing, greeted us, as well as all giving salutations as we left.
#REVIEW#Brunch review! Very busy on Sundays. Make a reservation!!!First off, fresh squeezed orange juice and free coffee refills! Need I say more? Ok yes. Service was delightful, very hospitable.We had to ask for a few things twice because they forgot, but they looked very very busy.The food comes in big portions. Everything was yummy.Steak and eggs - A-Lumberjack - ASupreme omelette - ASmoked salmon loaded hash - B+ (lighter than other dishes. Hash was interesting, very thin and crunchy)Buffalo chicken Mac and cheese - A- (we ordered a small for four people, and barely made a dent)Finally their French toast deserves its own shoutout. It's super fluffy and flavorful but not overpowering. Goes with so many dishes!
#REVIEW#been trying to visit this place for the past few months and i finally made it! When i say I have coveting the pull apart bread I MEAN IT!Tried three of their most popular cocktails including the razzle & penicillin.Yum, a little pricey but well worth it since most craft cocktails usually are a little expensive. Get literally any of the  pull apart bread is amazing. but the honey butter is my personal fav!Also get the porterhouse for two, i ate it so fast i regret not taking a picture TWO THUMBS UP
#REVIEW#I had a dinner date here on Thursday night. It wasn't too busy. The ambiance was dark and somewhat romantic. The noise level was moderate to loud. I would recommend coming here with larger parties. It seems like a fun place to get together.  We ordered:- Beef tartare: Not a fan. I prefer my beef tartare to be on the leaner side. This was super fatty. The portion was great for sharing. - Vegetable pickles: Huge bowl of delicious pickled vegetables. It was perfect and it really didn't need the aoli sauce. I loved the cauliflower the most. - Foie gras french dip: YUMMY!!! The sirloin was tender and the dipping broth was soooo good and comforting. Have it with foie gras! The bread was average but you dip it away anyway. Warning it can get messy to eat. And depending on how hungry you are, I thought it was perfect for 2 people. We also enjoyed some nice cocktails. Service was a little pushy. Overall I had a good experience.
#REVIEW#I bit the Instagram bullet and dragged my friend down to Maison Pickle. Every photo this place posts is so enticing, it's like they knew exactly who they were targeting when they post a giant piece of cake covered in rainbow sprinkles. We came in late, but I came in with profound anxiety. Their website lists no where about their reservation policy. I knew it was popular, so I thought that there was no way they could sit a two top promptly. I was totally wrong. I came in with my friend and we sat two minutes later, in the mezzanine over looking the restaurant. He and I were totally down for this, as we're photography nerds (he has the talent I do clearly lack) and people watching made for a good conversation starter. Based off the review of another yelp user, I ordered the bread and butter honey pull apart bread. This was easily one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. I have no idea how they did it--the bread was so light and airy, with tons of sweet salted butter and every bite was a burst of pure organic-tasting honey. It was absolutely fantastic, but unfortunately was one of the only good things I had that evening. My bff ordered the classic Mac and cheese and took about four bites before he felt ill from the sheer heaviness of the dish. Upon trying it, it wasn't super cheesey, it was more supremely creamy which isn't necessarily appetizing. I ordered the patty melt, and while delicious, totally a mess. It was falling apart and sliding everywhere. It was nice to have the au jus nearby to dip it in (very aromatic of rosemary, reminded me of the Christmases at home when we would make beef Wellington). But overall we were pretty disappointed with that, after how good the appetizer was. Then it came time for cake. I have to be honest, I psyched myself up for this for, like, a few days. And ran harder at the gym. After several attempts to take a decent photo, we took a bite. I immediately spit mine out. It was shockingly fat and sweet. There was no trace of salt anywhere. It was also pretty cold, and I'm sure it had to be due to the overwhelming taste of butter in the buttercream itself. There was probably no sugar anywhere in the cake, because the only sweetness was coming from the rainbow sprinkles (a side note, but they were definitely the GOOD kind of rainbow sprinkles, not the weird hard ones that your sad ice cream parlor threw on top haphazardly of your crappy vanilla ice cream. These were the kind that stuck to the roof of your mouth, the kind that this girl definitely ate with a spoon after school). It's really disappointing and kind of sucky too that they don't have a physical dessert menu, so you have no idea what you're paying for when you agree to doing desserts. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed with Maison Pickle. I'd like to come back and try it again but only if I know going in that I have to set my expectations lower. :/
#REVIEW#Only negative is the noise -- it was difficult to hear everyone at our table.  I didn't expect the food to be great because the portions were so large, but I loved everything I tried.  Started with the French onion soup, which may have been the best I've had; ordered the hash browns with salmon which was very good, and tried the French toast which was amazing!  Also had a really yummy cocktail.  I will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#The word I would use to describe brunch here is epic. The food and even the coffee is fantastic and exceeds expectations. I've had the berries and cream French toast as well as the skillet eggs, and enjoyed all of it. No matter brunch or dinner, definitely order the pull apart bread. It's so buttery and rich and delicious. They give you three massive pieces of challah in the French toast, so kudos to you if you are able to finish it. The skillet eggs are good too if you are looking for a somewhat lighter option. I would recommend coming in a small group though. I came with one other person on a Saturday late morning once and we didn't even have to wait. But last weekend I came with a group of six and we had to wait an hour. If you have room for dessert, get the chocolate cake. It's one of the things they are known for and it's totally epic.
#REVIEW#Maison Pickle is great for large groups. They take reservations so if you have a large group for brunch, I highly recommend you take advantage of their space and reservations.I have only been for brunch. The food, service, and ambience were solid. Their French toasts are huge--very filling and can easily be shared between two people. The fried chicken French toast is good. The chicken is not overly seasoned, but it creates a good balance between sweet and savoury with the French toast and syrup. The bananas and caramel French toast is quite sweet. I definitely recommend sharing the French toast because it is a lot for one person to eat.I also recommend their brunch cocktails. They are refreshing for a late morning/midday drink.
#REVIEW#AMAZING!! If you are in New York and around the area, you should DEFINITELY check out Masion Pickle!! I wanted to check out the sister restaurant, Jacob's Pickles, but after finding out it was a 2 hour wait and being super hungry (almost hangry), it was time to find another place. Of course, Yelp helped! Found Maison Pickle and read that it was the sister restaurant of Jacob's Pickles, called and found they did not have a wait so we headed over.There were 3 of us and we ordered the fried chicken and waffles and the deluxe french dip since they're known for their french dips! Usually when dining out, each person would order a meal but we were going to have dinner within the next 5 hours so we didn't want to fill ourselves up. Let me tell you, 2 entrees for 3 people was plenty!! The chicken and waffles came out with the chicken stacked on top of the waffles. The waffles were delicious, definitely fresh off the griddle. It was delicious!! It was a true WOW when our server was bringing it out. It was huge! I don't know how one person can finish that meal. The deluxe french dip was so good. Since our server knew we were going to share the meals, the french dip came out sliced in 3 portions. It was super easy to share. The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, the meat was tasty and the gruyere fondue was the "icing" on the french dip!There's a lot of food options in New York, but if I'm ever back in that area, I would gladly go back and enjoy another delicious meal at Maison Pickle!!
#REVIEW#This place was pretty good. I came with my friend. We ordered the shrimp dumpling, which was super super good. We also ordered the buffalo chicken Mac and cheese. One tip, nobody order the large buffalo chicken Mac and cheese. It was humongous! I legit don't think anyone can finish that stuff, unless you have like 4 people collectively eating it!The service was real good! Our server was super kind. The steak frites was meh tho. So maybe just stick to their recommendations.
#REVIEW#Honestly, I wasn't that impressed with Maison Pickle. It is a great neighborhood restaurant, but it is not somewhere I would travel to from other boroughs. Overall, the food was solid and the hostess was a pure delight, especially after I had a reservation snafu (ugh, late people !) but I don't know that I need to come back unless I'm in the area. The restaurant was packed on a Friday night. As I mentioned, I had a reservation but my boyfriend arrived very late (thanks, MTA) so I found a seat at the bar. You're really packed in like sardines but the service at the bar is fairly quick and the bartenders are pleasant. They're extra pleasant if you happen to be old buddies with them. That's a story for another day. I had the kosher dill and hot sour pickles [$6] to accompany the buffalo mac and cheese I ordered. I'm assuming the bartender served me the appetizer sized portion [$16], but it was HUGE and could easily serve three people. The mac and cheese was actually delicious. It was creamy and cheesey like a good mac and cheese but it was also spicy and tangy like a good buffalo wing with sauce. The pickles were good. They were pickles. I like pickles. You can't and shouldn't screw those up, especially since they're in the name of your restaurant. I also had a gin martini which was was made with their house pickle juice. There definitely could have been more pickle flavor. I don't know, it just wasn't to my particular liking. $45 after tax and tip. I was very full. On second thought, I'd come back to try the french dip.
