#NAME#PizzArte
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/pizzarte-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,italian,gluten_free#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Love this place!  GREAT FOOD!!From pizza to pastas and the wine list. A small taste of Napoli for sure!
#REVIEW#PizzArte serves personal size pizzas. I suppose one person can eat the entire pizza. My daughter and I ordered one to share after seeing the size.This is a cute place. The pizzas are high-end. No, PizzArte doesn't serve slices.
#REVIEW#Yelp does it again!  After a long day walking in NYC we were looking for a place for an easy, casual dinner and I found this restaurant in the app.  My sister-in-law lives in Manhattan for years and had not heard of this place, so she was skeptical.But we were all won over by the great food and service, even on a busy night.  I had their daily special ravioli and it was perfect.
#REVIEW#PizzArte is a confusing mix of 3-Star and 5-Star!Take the Pizza Margherita for example... The thin crust is outstanding.... a definite 5-Star... but the toppings were mundane to the point I can only describe the pizza as BORING... only two basil leafs on the whole pizza... no hint of garlic... only mild tomato sauce and subtle sauce.I snuck a taste of the eggplant ravioli a friend ordered and it was very good!P.S. The staff is very nice but forgot our salads and the breadsticks are great.P.P.S.  Would I eat there again?  Yes.   Would I go out of my way to do so?  No.
#REVIEW#I had dinner with my husband here on a Sunday night, we didn't have a reservation but we were lucky to get a spot at the bar as soon as we got to the restaurant. We asked for the Quattro pizza, which has 4 different flavors. It was amazing, my favorite was the mushroom and cheese pizza. The crust was perfect and the ingredients tasted so fresh! Every bite was a delight, and we paired it up with red wine! It was perfect! We were so pleased with our pizza. The service was great too!  After we finished eating, our server recommended the chocolate tart, which we paired with a coffee. It was  delicious! This place definitely left a very good impression on us! Will be back whenever we are in NY
#REVIEW#Oh my goodness this was the best gluten-free pizza I've ever had my entire life! I love this place and would go every day if I could. The drinks were also amazing and the staff was very helpful and friendly. Sat and had a nice dinner at the bar with my husband. The pizza was made quickly right in front of us, husband's steak was wonderful and the broccoli was also fabulous. It was a little pricey but that's to be expected given the area. The atmosphere, quality of food and portion sizes plenty made up for the price.
#REVIEW#PizzArte is sooo yummy! I visited today for lunch with my uncle - not the place to come if you are on a New Years diet! Too much temptation! I've been here multiple times before and enjoy the food and experience every time. Today, I got the minestrone soup ($10) and the spinaci ($14) salad (spinach, beets, goat cheese, mango and pistachios - YUM). My uncle ordered the minestrone soup and gnocchi alla sorrentina ($21). I tried his gnocchi and it was cooked perfectly - I really liked how they bake it in a little crockpot. Also, I've never seen minestrone soup have a green broth (usually it's brown), but it was so delicious and rich in veggies and flavor. On other occasions, I've tried their wood-fried pizzas which are also amazingly tasty. My sister has a gluten intolerance and they offer gluten-free pizza. You can't even tell it is gluten-free! The only downfall is that it's a bit pricy, especially for lunch. But when you want to treat yourself, I highly recommend!
#REVIEW#Came here with my husband. We shared an arugula salad which was perfectly dressed. Very tasty. We first ordered one pizza and devoured it. The dough was amazing. It is extremely tasty. We had to order another one. You can easily finish one pizza per person. The waiter was super friendly and helpful. Prices are average for NY. We sat at the bar and felt very comfortable.
#REVIEW#Always a Great Pizza. A must have in the city!I get the same Pie each time. Think trifles, Portabella and Speck!
#REVIEW#I am bringing this rating down mostly because of the last couple of orders I've requested that were wrong.First,pick up order where we mentioned no speck- we didn't check the pizza so, that was a pizza I had to throw away.Second, we ordered two margaritas one Sunday morning and were only delivered one. The driver kindly went back and picked another up -It was just super wet and greasy this time.Annoying for a place with good pizza.
#REVIEW#Found this place on yelp and I thought it had great pizza!! The staff was friendly and attentive. I got the truffle pizza ($24) and a glass of Chianti wine ($13). Dinner came out to about $40 total. The pizza was wood fired and tasty! However at the end it started to taste a little soggy. For the area this is probably one of the best places to go!
#REVIEW#Authentic Italian experience.Staff are so kind. Love that this place offers gluten free pizza. We ordered a pulcinella and spinaci salad. I really love that it was thin crust, great flavor, and came right out of a brick oven pizza. Dough was chewy and felt like real dough despite being gluten free.Service was quick and waiter was really attentive. Really felt like we were in Italy. Our waiter described our wine and where in Italy it was from..Next time I'm back in the city I will def be be back.
#REVIEW#Really good pizza and calzones. Tasted like authentic Italian pizza with a really nice and chewy crust. Just like in Italy, cheese was sparse. For some that's a real problem. Three stars because the Server just didn't pay attention. Had to walk to the waiter stand by the stairs to track her down for a water refill. It's not hard...just fill people's water without being asked.
#REVIEW#The margherita pizza was excellent and the pasta bolognese was good too (just note that the pasta comes al dente). The service was good up until the end. We waited for 15 minutes after we were done eating for someone to come over to clear our table. I'd recommend the food for sure.
#REVIEW#I came here to grab a quick dinner with some friends. The staff, space and atmosphere wasn't bad- that's what I based majority of my rating for and why I gave them a 3 and not a 2.I didn't really want to gamble on their pizza as I'm really picky with good pizza- but was told their gnocchi was great so I decided to give that a try. It was smothered in a sub par sauce and the cheese wasn't really properly distributed in the dish- it seemed to be put together without much thought. I honestly wasn't impressed at all- it wasn't unbearable but it also wasn't worth the calories. I don't think I'd come back here and will still to my usual spots for good Italian eat either in Little Italy or around the village.
#REVIEW#I will say that I did not expect this place to be how it was in the sense that I almost missed it because it was fancier then I anticipated it to be. I was lookin g for just a regular pizza place,  this is more of a sit down and eat establishment. I ate at the bar, so I never got to see the additional eating space that they have upstairs. But the service was great,  I never caught the name of the lady that was bar tending.  And I got the personal Diavolo pizza.  That was GREAT. I wish I lived closer,  and could get it more often. The only thing I had to say about this place is that they left the door open,  and the particular night that I was there it was warm.  So initially I was a little uncomfortable when I got there. I got used to it.
#REVIEW#Best gluten free pizza I have ever had!! I've been gf for five years, and this is the first excellent pizza I've had in that time. The crust was handmade, artisanal and truly delicious. The service was wonderful, atmosphere great and we loved every delicious minute of our time there. If I had any complaint, it's that I live 900 miles from this restaurant Enjoy, New Yorkers! I would eat here once a week if I lived nearby!
#REVIEW#Excellent food!  We had the minestrone, Carciofi salad, gluten free veggie pizza, all delicious!  Great service.
#REVIEW#My husband and I came here to meet a friend for a lunch reservation. Because we were already in the area, we figured we would come early and grab a drink. They were totally cool with that and seated us right away. It was around 11:30am and pretty empty so our server was super attentive. As time went on, the place filled up until it was almost entirely packed by the time our friend arrived at 12:30.I'd had pizza the night before so I decided to go with the gnocchi. It was wonderful - it was authentically-sized little gnocchis (not like some places where you get like three giant ones) and the tomato sauce and cheese were delicious. My husband was really impressed with his pizza, as well. I wish I'd had a bite and kind of regret not trying it! Our friend is gluten-free and this place has gluten-free crust, plus plenty of vegetarian options for those who want them.
#REVIEW#Our order was SoupTruffle pizza Ravioli Tiramisu Everything was good, especially the pizza The pasta was good too and I would like to try the other kids
