#NAME#Jacob's Pickles
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/jacobs-pickles-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#comfortfood,southern,tradamerican#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Gluttonous southern comfort food! Yes please!We sat outside and even tho it was pretty late the restaurant was still busy but service didn't lack... Corey was our server and he made a Michael Scott comment so now my favorite server of all time!About the food... Anything chicken! And you can never go wrong with fried pickles to start! The portions are enormous so come hungry!All and all, I highly recommend going back. I definitely will and can't wait to try the mac n cheese next!
#REVIEW#Overall, great experience!  Our waitress, Hanna, did a fantastic job.  She was very nice and kept our table well served.  I had the Hush Puppies for starters, and they were really good.  Then I had the chicken breast w/ French Fries.  Now this is more of a chicken fried chicken meal and it is pretty darn good.  Overall all, nice restaurant w/ a few seats outside as well to enjoy those great New York sunny days!
#REVIEW#Great pickle place! It was the first day after days of rain... and we all know what that means in NYC! Plenty of outdoor space and raving reviews, we had to try it! We got 4 different types of pickles, Mac and cheese with mushrooms (that's off the menu, but you can ask for it), and pickle & cheese patty melt. Ah, yes, let's not forget about the Morisou beer! A great fruity taste! And to complete the meal we had skillet cookie with ice creams. Since we like pickles anyways we loved the pickle choices and their each individual flavors. Our hands down favorite were the special sours. No complaints there!The pasta was good with plenty of cheese, but impossible to be eaten in one sitting (unless you really don't care about your cholesterol sky rocketing). The patty was served on toasted flattened buns, which we liked a lot. Their French fries are great too! Our least favorite dish would have to be cookie. Although good, it kind of lackThe dishes itself are HUGE! We could have easily shared one dish. We sat outside and got pretty lucky by only waiting for the table 10 min? (Or less). The inside is quite noisy and dark. Overall great and reasonably priced spot. I wish they had more options for vegetarians. Definitely would go back for pickles!
#REVIEW#This is one of my favorite places to go in New York, especially if I'm in the mood for a hearty, large meal. I definitely recommend making reservations if you can, otherwise you may end up waiting a long time as a walk in. Jacob's Pickles is pretty popular on the weekends especially. We came in after a graduation, during graduation weekend, and we would not have gotten a table if we hadn't made a reservation several weeks prior, I'm sure. Our table was being cleaned off when we arrived, so we waited a few minutes after our scheduled time before sitting down - not too long though. We were a party of 7! Our server was nice and dealt with the chaos of our group well. Even though he had a crazy busy section, he always came back at the right time and kept our drinks full which we appreciated as we were celebrating, with booze.Food; appetizers and entrees that I tried,Biscuits and fixings* so goodBuffalo Mac and cheese with buttermilk fried chickenVeggie omelette add ham with breakfast potatoesBecause it was so busy, I'm really glad we ordered appetizers to hold us off until our entrees came out. The biscuits were little squares of heaven, and I loved all of the jams and butters that came with it. That being said, there weren't many biscuits - I think there were only 2, so we had to cut them up to ensure everyone got to try them. I wish it had come with 4 biscuits. Everything else came out as an enormous portion that made them easy to share. The flavors were pretty spot on too. Nobody had any complaints! I highly recommend eating here!!
#REVIEW#Yes - the place is lively and "cool".No - the super long wait for brunch is not worth it.Yes - if you have a reservation or just grab a table for lunch during weekday, please try it!No - food is not THAT good.Huge portions, which for me are insane by any means. But you can take away your leftovers, which makes me feel better.Pickles are good and worth a try, we had 8 types for $18 (note: that is a lot of pickles).Deviled eggs seemed a great option but we went for the fish tacos - good choice as well if you want a healthy alternative.Coffee was good and refilled a lot of times, which I honestly enjoyed :)Overall Jacob's Pickles is worth a try but not the peak-hour wait. Don't expect great food, expect comfort food. And be ready to eat too much :) so do come with the biggest appetite.
#REVIEW#Still 5 stars. Everything in my original review still stands. But I had something different, so I had to review it!This time, I had the meatloaf and it was FANTASTIC. It was covered in gravy and fried onions - dreams do come true. This time I went with a friend around 5 on a Saturday and we didn't have a wait. I asked about reservations and they let me know that they only take reservations for parties of six or more. So keep that in mind with your planning.
#REVIEW#Jacob's Pickles is a much-hyped "space" on Upper West Side, AKA Manhattan's food wasteland. It has all the trappings of a trendy spot: loud music, creatively dressed staff and clientele, stools for chairs, high ceilings that create the feeling of wide open space, and the converted industrial warehouse look (visible HVAC piping, paint that looks chipped, visible steel building foundations). That aesthetic, I'm sorry to report, is likely manufactured, designed to cultivate a feeling of authenticity and make you feel like an urban bohemian squatting and making culture in an "authentic" makeshift loft conversion. [1]On to the food: there are really two Jacob's Pickles, the food and the dessert. I wasn't blown away by the fried chicken. Honestly, Popeye's and John's Fried Chicken in Inwood are my two gold standards, plus Sweet Chick downtown, and this felt more like a glorified chicken tender. I was especially not thrilled with the lack of bone, which always makes meat taste better. Seasoning was too much lemon, not enough salt for my taste. People: acid, salt, fat, heat, all four.What of the fried oreos, though? DAMN, these are good. There are few comparable to the Eleven swank bank chain in Miami, but I'd definitely come back for these along. Fried oreos are surprisingly hard to get in Manhattan. Your four options are basically: Ray's Candy Store (too much canola oil), Mel's Burger (delicious, but weird feeling being in an undergrad bar), street fairs (canola oil problem and annoying to anticipate and schedule around), and here. Overall, it's a good experience, albeit a bifurcated one. Not a big fan of the pulsating music trend in restaurants trying to introduce clubbish elements. It means you're going to have to yell and say "What?" a lot. Is this the price of people being on their phones all the time, not caring about ability to have convo?!?!?[1] I learned this from sociologist David Grazian's Blue Chicago: The Search for Authenticity in Urban Blues Clubs. In this ethnographic study, Grazian notes that many jazz clubs purposely make themselves look raggedy, doing things like tearing up the cloth in booths to make them look well-worn, and so on. This makes customers feel they are in a "real" jazz club and not a BB Kong's type place I was outraged when I read the book at how much I'd been tricked!!! It's why I cite it so much here to pass the academic knowledge on.
#REVIEW#Well... maybe it's not a good idea to come to southern restaurant when you are on a diet.  I try to eat something healthy this time so .. decided to order an Salad..... Well..... look at the pic.. a BIG O FRIED CHICKEN SALAD.. or let's just say FRIED CHICKEN WITH VEGGIE ON THE SIDE.. HahahahahAlways have a good at Jacobs pickles. Food are delicious and servers are friendly too !:) try their deviled egg.. so good !! Yummy in my tummy !
#REVIEW#This seems to be the go to place for brunch. And it has every reason to.So let's get on into my review I went on a Sunday afternoon, it was a packed house. It's kinda of a who's who. Fashions galore mixed with tourist and people who just want to get there instagram photos. I think I waited a little over an hour to get into this place. The process is simple go make your way to the hostess give her your number and they will text you when the table is ready. Tables arrangements here SUCK, I got seated basically in a cramped long picnic dinning room table. Where basically your right next other guests. This was the most uncomfortable seating arrangement you can imagine. I'm pretty sure it's built that way to pack people in like sardines and get them out quickly. Overall the food is good to great but not amazing enough to come back on a jammed packed weekend, you must get any fried chicken biscuit. Also please start with the poutine that was my favorite dish it's a standout! Simply amazing.  End it with the half baked cookie.Overall solid however I would go on an off hour to avoid those cramped chairs
#REVIEW#Love love LOVED Jacobs! I've been hearing about this place for years and it truly did not disappoint! I think I was full for the entire day after brunch here. Our table shared the pickled carrots which were the perfect balance of sweet and tangy. We each ordered a different dish and loved ALL of them. The omelette, classic fries chicken, sweet bread pudding and breakfast sandwich. I think we all left with leftovers and full bellies. The bloody Mary's are also delicious and the Irving farm coffee and the fun beer growlers!Ambiance inside is rustic and cozy and service is superb! Highly highly recommend this spot. Can't wait to try the sister restaurant across the street next!
#REVIEW#I'm not an upper east side kinda gal but I was there.  Actually I was on the other side of the park. The menu looked good so I hopped a cab and went over.  It was a Friday night. We scored seats at the bar just in time.  Mobs of people were there!  The bartenders kept up with drink orders with ease and grace.  The food had some waiting issue. Rum & root beer - think rum and coke but with house brewed root beer.  Enjoyable.  Hush Puppies - the size of golf balls. Tender. Fried crispy. Yum! Chicken Thigh Basket - thank you thank you thank you! Someone has finally made a dish for dark meat lovers!!!!  I've never had a square biscuit the size of a CD album before but I would definitely have it again.  Collards were ok.  Mash potatoes with gravy were homey and delicious (no lumps!)  The fried chicken was HUGE. I believe it was butterflied, the skin was stretched and then it was deep fried. Perfection!  Lots of crunchy fried bits and tender chicken.  It took a while to come out of the kitchen. Jar of pickles to go!  It's on the menu. We paid. Finished out drinks and waited 15 minutes for pickles.  Ok they did pack them in a ball jar. They were a gift and were enjoyed. I'd go back for lunch.  Just can't deal with the evening vibe.
#REVIEW#Came for dinner with three other friends and we only ordered two entrees to share! As many yelpers have mentioned the portions are really hardy and one plate can definitely be shared between two people! We came in the early afternoon and did not have to wait in line for a table. We all split the fired green tomatoes to start. They were pretty tasty and had an interesting texture since they are coated in grits. We also had the honey chicken with pickles which I was s little hesitant about at first. However, something about sweet honey on sour pickles just worked. The chicken is also pretty good very generously coated in breading. The dish also came with a side of buttery and cheesy grits. I found myself dipping bits of chicken into the grits for an extra flavor kick!If you can catch them on a not so busy day it's definitely worth a shot!
#REVIEW#Finally made my way to Jacobs Pickles after drooling over their chicken and pancake pictures on Instagram!! We were a party of two on a Friday afternoon and the wait wasn't too bad.. around 35 minutes (and it was Good Friday). Service was great! Our server was very attentive! Explained the menu details in depth and was very helpful and accommodating. FOOD!To start we ordered : The classic Mac & cheese- This was so good! The layer of cheese on top was perfectly browned and crispy!! And the macaroni oozed cheese when bitten into!Definitely recommend! Biscuits & Fix Ins- These biscuits were delicious!!! They had Oreo biscuits as a special that day and I was able to sub one buttermilk biscuit for an Oreo one so I could try both! These came with strawberry preserves (GOOD!!!!), orange preserves, honey, salted butter, and maple butter (MY FAV!). All of the fix-ins were delicious! But the maple butter was the GOAT! As they say now a days. Lol. As our entrees we had: Chicken & Pancakes- Ok.. I have a pretty big appetite.. so when I tell you that this plate was HUGE, do not take it lightly !! You're served two ridiculously large buttermilk pancakes drizzled with honey, and if that's not enough, they plop on two ridiculously large pieces of buttermilk fried chicken with bacon bits. I've come to the realization that I'm not the biggest fried chicken fan (I do like it but it's not my first choice) but the chicken here was pretty tasty! And the bacon was a nice touch ! (Bacon can do NO wrong!) The pancakes were ok.. but I did get a little bored of them about half way through the first pancake. I did take half of my entree home and have it for breakfast two days later and it tasted really good! So I don't know if I was too full from the appetizers to fully appreciate it at the restaurant but it was better to me two days later. Lol. Chicken bacon egg & cheese biscuit "sandwich"- This is not.. I repeat... Is NOT a sandwich!!! Once again, the portion is HUMONGOUS! The piece of chicken on this is huge.. so huge that there is literally no way that you can pick it up and eat it the way a sandwich should be eaten (which probably takes away from it). We literally had to eat probably more than half of the chicken to finally find the biscuit hidden underneath it, but by that time it had already become too mushy from the egg yolk and sauce, so we still weren't able to pick it up.We had to eat the sandwich with a fork. Again, it was pretty good, but I wish I would've been able to enjoy it as a sandwich because their biscuit is pretty bomb!! This also came with a side of cheesy grits which I enjoyed! But I don't really have anything else to compare it to because it was my first time trying grits. ................Since they had Oreo biscuits as their special that day, they also had Oreo biscuit French toast... which is what I REALLY wanted my friend to get (since we were splitting everything we ordered) But he went with the chicken sandwich, and although it killed me inside, I couldn't force him to get the French toast. Just thinking about it gets me angry all over again because those biscuits were soooo good that I could only imagine what they would taste like covered in eggy cinnamon wash and fried! I definitely want to go back to try it soon!! So overall, it was a pretty good experience! Their apps were delish! Definitely wanna try another version of their Mac & cheese next time along with their French toast! (Hopefully they'll have the Oreo biscuits again!) See you soooooon!! ; )
#REVIEW#Come hungry.  We were hungry after a day of museum culture. So checking on Yelp, my friend discovers this spot. When we arrived around 5:30 pm on a Friday night, the place was very full. We managed to snag the only two seats at the bar. We were quickly greeted and handed menus. The lemonade cocktail was perfect for the warm afternoon. Debbie had an interesting cocktail of house made root beer and rum.  The appetizer hush puppies are huge. They arrived fairly quickly, piping hot, crispy outside, and just plain delicious. We decided to share an entree. So glad we did. We got the chicken thigh basket. It took longer to get. It consisted of two large thighs with lots of crunchy coating, side of creamy mashed potatoes and gravy, collard greens and a biscuit with maple butter. That was a lot of food even for the two of us. Getting a jar of their pickles to go also took a while, also asked a second time if they were coming soon. Atmosphere on a Friday evening was crowded and quite loud between the music and the crowd. I suggest a table outside. Sitting at the bar you can get many people reaching around you to order drinks or bumping into your back as the crowd gathers. Food and drink 4.5
#REVIEW#Worth the 45 min wait!! Portions are HUGE! You can leave your name and number and they will text you when a tables ready. The service and food is amazing!! The decor is also on-point; very instagram worthy! My friends and I shared a hush puppies and they were bomb! I was slightly overwhelmed by the amount of the shredded cheese on my plate, but to my surprise, I ate most of it!
#REVIEW#If you want to be fat, happy, and fed, Jacob's Pickles is the place to be. If you want to be skinny and sad, don't come here. The ambience is so fun - think loud, buzzy, and lots of fun music playing. Maybe don't bring your grandparents, but it's a great spot for dinner, a drink at the bar with a date, or a rowdy brunch on the UWS. The outdoor seating is great, and on a nice day the front of the restaurant opens to create an indoor/outdoor vibe.I was waiting at the bar and the bartender accidentally splashed me with a beer. Night ruined?? Think not - the courteous staff immediately brought me a complimentary cocktail and paid extra attention to our table throughout the night. We ordered fried pickles which were DELICIOUS. Usually fried pickles can get mushy but these were so crispy and reminded me of tempura fried vegetables. Next up was the black eyed peas and collard greens with braised pork. Delicious and flavorful as well as a huge portion for a starter. At this point we were already full but it's Jacob's Pickles so don't leave without the fried chicken - we ordered the honey chicken and pickles biscuit sandwich. It's more of an open-face dish rather than a sandwich. The chicken was crisp and flavorful, and the grits it came with were a nice addition. Definitely way too much food for two people - we were stuffed!Thank you for the amazing hospitality!!
#REVIEW#This is the most ridiculous brunch. The portions are absolutely huge. When my friend and I arrived, we expected a long wait, but they turned over tables very quickly and we got in after about 10 minutes. The service was also much faster than expected! as far as food goes, our eyes were way bigger than our stomachs. My friend and I split poutine and got biscuits and gravy and the honey chicken and pickles for our entrees. Everything was delicious but we had a ton of food left! The poutine and pickles were absolutely top knotch. I wish I had been able to save room for their special, an Oreo biscuit, but there's no way I could have eaten another bite. The only thing that could have been better were the grits. I'm a Kentucky girl who knows good grits and theirs were just okay.
#REVIEW#Online reservations only for parties of 6+ so be prepared to wait! On a Saturday at 12pm there was an hour wait.  I had heard raving reviews for this place but to me the food did not meet that expectation.  Ordered the blt biscuit - biscuit was good but chicken was mediocre.  The grits were overwhelmingly cheesy for my friends and I to enjoy.  A fun place to splurge with friends but the food itself isn't very impressive.
#REVIEW#If you want beer on tap, they have 25 different ones always available. What was truly surprising about my dining experience here was 1. The portion sizes are huge (even for the amount you're paying), 2. Most of the modern takes on dishes pan out as improvements rather than failures.Despite the restaurant being named after their pickles, their SQUARE biscuits are incredible and soft!!! The fried pickles were okay. I believe the texture and perfect ratio of a traditional fried pickle is better than the ones that are served here.Overall, this location is a dining experience you don't want to miss if you find yourself uptown- from seating outdoors, incredibly large amounts of food, and a different take on traditional southern food, I am sure you'll enjoy it.
#REVIEW#Great place! It's always packed to the brim which should speak for itself. I'm sure that annoys some people but we went on a Tuesday and still wound up to be comfortable. The portions are huge and worth the price (which is about average if you ask me, for many other dishes that are smaller elsewhere). Everybody was super friendly, service was quick, and the drinks were very good. This place is great for groups and the playlist was also great! A definite recommend if you like southern food. I took almost my entire entree home after wolfing down the appetizers and it's still just as delicious :)
