#NAME#Hangawi
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/hangawi-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegetarian,korean,vegan#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I absolutely loved the food and restaurant. I didn't realize that this place was all vegetarian before coming in, but the food was really good. There are so many menu options, and they all sound so interesting and delicious!We came on a weekend for dinner without a reservation. We were seated because we got here early and agreed to finish before 7pm.  I ordered the Zen Stone Bowl Bibimbap, my friend order the Avocado Stone Bowl Bibimbap, and we got the the Combination Pancakes to share. Everything tasted great! I love how clean and simple the dishes were, and they tasted just right--not too overpowering and not too bland. I also really like the restaurant style. You take off your shoes at the entrance and sit at a table that is partially under the floor. I thought it would feel cramped, but it did not. It felt like sitting at a normal table;I definitely want to come back again! Loved everything about Hangawi--the food, service, and ambiance!
#REVIEW#We had reservations for 4 ppl on a Sat- it opens at 1pm. You leave yourshoes by  the front door and they show you to the table.We got the combination pancake and rolls to share with the table- pretty good but nothing special. I got the mongolian hotpot since I like spicy food, it wasn't too spicy though.My friend got the sweet and sour mushroom dish- it tasted pretty good! Looked like beef but it was all cooked mushroom.I think if you are vegan this is probably a worthwhile place to check out but unfortunately I am a meat lover so I would really rather get korean bbq esp for the price. The place will cost you about 40ish if you get app, entree, and a drink. I would much more prefer to spend this on korean bbq.Giving it 4 out of 5 based on the fact that I think if you like vegan food then comecheck it out.If you like meat dont come here lol
#REVIEW#First off, shout out to the chefs because the food is great and the presentation is lovely Now this is where my dining experience went south. I made a reservation for 8 and only 5 people showed up. I signed a contract. I knew what was involved but I cannot control why people didn't show up. It is not your business why they weren't there. All you need to worry about is that the total meets the minimum. Treating my party a certain way because of it is unacceptable. Also it is despicably unprofessional to mention as my party walks out "who comes to dinner and pays with different cards. Who doesn't pay for their friends?" Um, people with jobs and responsibilities. The time it took to split it was not about nickeling and diming the bill. It was to make sure THE TOTAL WAS COVERED! We were splitting it between 3 cards because that was your policy. The treatment we received was egregious and none of us appreciated it. We spent over our minimum, even with the 3 people missing, we weren't difficult, and we stayed 12 minutes past the time you needed the table, however that was your fault because we asked for our bill long before you brought it to us. Some of us were late, but we were still done in a timely manner. Your hosts need some training. Do better!
#REVIEW#Went here with my fiance and his brother in law (plus brother in law's girlfriend). None of us are vegetarian but the food was great. The service was exceptional - they have a shoes off policy and have great presentation and ambiance. You truly feel immersed in culture. We ordered the spicy baby dumplings, spicy kimchi mushroom pancakes, organic tofu steak, crispy mushroom in a sweet and sour sauce, and a stone bowl rice! Everything was delicious and came out in a timely manner. I still was craving some meat, but that's a personal problem  however, this is as good as a meal can get being fully vegetarian. Super flavorful and tasty! Loved that the food was hot and fresh.
#REVIEW#I would like to review this restaurant as a vegetarian / vegan restaurant, rather than just a Korean Restaurant.  So, please consider this when you are thinking about this restaurant.1. Reservations - Make a reservation.  You will have to call into the restaurant to make one, but be sure to make one.2. The ambiance - Amazing. Dark, woody, balanced with some kind of perfect otherness to it that is for me not easy to describe, other than to tell you that I felt so comfortable here.3.  Lose the Shoes - UYes, you will be sitting in a traditional Korean Dining space  with a low table. But, thankfully, there is a recessed cavity for you to put your feet into, so you won't have to sit crossed legged for the whole dinner. For me, that would have been a problem as my legs would have gone to sleep.4. The food. Amazing vegetarian food with a Korean flair.a. Spicy Baby Dumplings, I ate this too fast to figure out what vegetables were in this, but they were excellent. Kind of like a ravioli or a wonton with a unique taste.b. Combination pancakes which were leek pancakes, kimchi mushroom and kabocha pumpkin pancakes.  All very good.  The kimchi mushroom was my favorite.c.  Todok Stone Bowl rice - I never had todok before, but wanted to try this on the recommendation of the waiter. Todok is a Korean mountain root and it was delicious!  This was to me a unique and tasty bibimbap with the todok root.  Very Nice.d. Tofu with mixed vegetables - My friend ordered this and enjoyed it. It does not come with rice separately so you have to order a side of rice to really enjoy this!e.  Kimchi Stone Bowl Rice - This is also to me like bibimbap in a stone bowl with Kimchi.  Excellent.  What I like most about these stone bowls is that the bowls are so hot, that the rice continues to cook and gets that crispy fried texture as if it was on the bottom of a cooked pan.  Tasty, great texture and fun to scrape and eat it!f.  Avocado Stone Bowl rice- The avocado added a very creamy and rich texture to the meal. Very nice.Not sure why we all ended up with Rice Bowls, I wanted us to try the other items like the Mushrooms, but the waiter highly recommended the stone bowls and so for some odd reason, most of the party ordered it.For Dessert,  we had the chocolate mocha cake, with a scoop of soy vanilla ice cream, blueberry coconut cake , and two mango sorbets.  Excellent and extremely tasty.As a vegetarian / vegan restaurant, the food here is absolutely outstanding. The presentation, the taste, the choice, the beauty of the creations are top notch.  Loved it.  For a Korean restaurant, since I am not a vegan or vegetarian, I did miss the great taste of meats cooked so well, but Hangawi was a very unique experience that I am so happy to have tried and will try again in the future.GK says, check it out. Especially if your daughter is vegan and is in NYC for the first time!
#REVIEW#Hangawi is not only one of the best vegetarian restaurants in New York City but also one of the best restaurants in the city period. It has almost been akin to an institution now for many years in the food scene of the city. Have visited multiple times over the course of the last decade and have never left disappointed. Its phenomenal to have such high quality vegetarian food centred around Korean cuisine, which at least in this part of the world is generally meat focused. I have not yet had the chance to visit Korea but based on the accounts of those who have, Hangawi recreates an authentic experience like you'd find there. Upon entering you are asked to deposit your shoes to be stored as the seating is on the floor. You don't have to sit cross legged though since there is space under the table for your feet. Tables are at stomach level once seated as they would be otherwise. The walls are adorned with candles and art and vibrant pillows are scattered about to make the seating more comfy.The signature drinks are soju and makgeolli (rice wine) based and are well worth the $15+ price tags. Have tried a variety of them and among my favorites are the nirvana and enlightenment. The menu at Hangawi spoils you for choice as a vegetarian because most places you are restricted by dietary preference. Here you can have every single thing on the menu. Have never had an appetizer that I disliked here but would highly recommend the combination rolls which are a set of 4 different types of sushi style rolls with a variety of fillings and textures. The tofu patties wrapped in sesame leaves are phenomenal as well. Kimchi pancakes are a must have.I usually stuff myself silly with the appetizers so once its time for entrées, real estate in the belly is at a premium. My go to is usually the kimchi or tofu stone bowl which is served piping hot to your spice preference. What I love about the tofu bowl is that the tofu is crumbled which adds a whole different texture to the dish. The rice cake entrée is lovely as well.Rarely to I ever have space for dessert but the signature dessert with ice cream, red bean and walnuts deserves a mention. Service is always efficient and friendly. Do yourself a favor and visit this gem in koreatown.P.s. In case you're wondering they have slippers for you to wear to the restrooms, you don't have to go barefoot.
#REVIEW#Ate dinner here on Sunday night and I sorry to say I was disappointed. The most disappointed I've been at an NYC restaurant in awhile. Nothing *bad* happened per say, it just was pricey, and not very good. Let me preface this review by saying I am not vegan. This restaurant came highly recommended, and after reading reviews online I was expecting "a restaurant that is so great it doesn't matter that it's vegan, anyone can enjoy it."The atmosphere and service were outstanding. When you arrive to Hangawi you take off your shoes, and they hold them for you. They place them out automatically when you return. Cool. Also the tables are unique. They are tucked into the ground and you climb down into them. Our waitress was great. They didn't rush us at all. I had read advice online to order the fixed price tasting menu, and I don't think this was a good idea. The presentation of the food was good, but it was a lot of courses were filled with tiny portions that were somewhat bland and definitely not filling. We overheard the waitress offered to order for the people sitting next to us, and their food looked much better than ours (although it may have been even pricier than ours).WE ORDERED:  -2 pomegranate teas outside of the fixed price menus. They were really good. One of the best parts of the meal. FIXED PRICE MENU CAME WITH:1. Mongolian hot pot - this soup bowl was on fire when it came out (see picture), it was pretty good. 2. Acorn noodle salad with avocado fritters - decent salad with noodles in it3. Winter appetizer platter - this was very disappointing. presentation was creative, but honestly the items tasted like mush? Not bad, but I'm sorry to say - not good. 4. Combination rolls - vegan sushi rolls. These were okay considering they had no meat. Interesting idea.We got one of each entree. My main gripe with both entrees is how small they were. I've gotten bibimbap at numerous other restaurants that was double the size for half the price.  5. sautéed cauliflower and mixed vegetable stone bowl rice - decent, but as I said a little bit small. 6. stuffed portabella mushrooms in ginger sauce - this was better than the cauliflower and a little bigger. 7. Dessert: small chocolate pudding. It was very good considering there were no animal products used. VALUE:For the price of the bill, $190 (with tip) for 2 people, I can name about 10 different restaurants in Manhattan that have out-of-this-world good food, and great atmosphere and service. I'm happy to pay for a dinner that I like. Sadly, I left Hangawi kind of hungry. If you are vegan, you might really like it. If you eat meat, I recommend looking elsewhere. Two good options are Her Name is Han nearby, or  Madame Vo in the East Village for a great value. Both are significantly cheaper, and you will leave satisfied. I probably won't be back to Hangawi.
#REVIEW#This might be my favorite vegetarian restaurant. I have been going here about once a year for 10 years. Recommend to all my friends. Hangawi's concept, interiors and food is just wonderful.
#REVIEW#An excellent Korean-vegan experience!(and I'm not even vegan) If you want to transport yourself to a Korean village-like restaurant I imagine it'd be like this. It starts with - Shoes off! Please.(Wear your good socks fellas, ladies do everyone a favor and don't go barefoot. Ambiance: Authentic, exotic, clean. Service: Polite. Attentive. Accommodating.Food: Vegan. Rustic. Healthy. Tasty.  Good! Recommendations: Wear socks. ( again) If you go with a second person or more call ahead.Order various dishes to share that way you have more options. Ask the friendly servers to suggest dishes that are popular~ they will gladly do so. For tea: they have two levels of strength, order the stronger one because the regular ones are quiet weak. I had the Jasmin green tea after changing my tea twice due to its weakness in flavor but that's how they serve it, asked for a stronger version and our server accommodated ( very nice )
#REVIEW#A mainly vegetarian friend raved about this place to me, and I had to try it out to prepare for my (vegetarian) best friend's visit. After my visit, I think she would like it, but I left feeling very underwhelmed.I don't mind paying up for good vegetarian food; one of my favorite meals ever was the tasting menu at Semilla for $89 that was all vegetarian. When I saw the prices at Hangawi, I had high hopes for the food. I love Korean food and I was excited to try this veggie-dedicated restaurant.I went with a vegetarian friend and a non-vegetarian friend for Friday lunch; we shared the spicy baby dumplings, veggies in seaweed broth, spicy mushroom stew, spicy tofu stew, and veggie stone pot rice. Overall, everything tasted very plain but healthy. I enjoyed my meal, but I would've expected to pay half the price for the quality that I got. I eat Korean food frequently and I cook a lot of Asian food, so it was surprising that our meal cost so much, especially since we got 3 lunch menu specials ($36 pp after tax and tip). I honestly probably didn't need either the dumplings or the extra bibimbap we got, but our vegetarian friend is a hungry boy who eats a lot, so we got extra stuff.Spicy baby dumplings - These were very mediocre. To be fair, I am really picky about vegetarian dumplings, and I have had very few that I would say I enjoy. The filling tasted like a medley of steamed veggies and the dumplings were doused in a bland spicy sauce that packed a tiny bit of heat but no flavor. I really would not get this again.Spicy tofu stew - This was a pretty classic soondubu, and it tasted the same as the ones I've had elsewhere. I'd pass on this for some of the more interesting options.Spicy mushroom stew - This was quite good! Even though it looked the same as the spicy tofu stew initially, I was surprised that the flavors were so different. I would definitely recommend this one. It tasted hearty and flavorful.Vegetables & pumpkin noodles in seaweed broth - I really enjoyed the subtle flavor of the seaweed broth, but I got tired of eating the plain steamed veggies. It's definitely a nice healthy lunch, though. I imagine this is what those vegetarian Buddhists eat.Todok stone pot rice - Maybe this isn't exactly a bibimbap? I feel like I usually do really enjoy the assortment of veggies and egg on my bibimbaps, though the meat of course is my favorite. The spicy sauce added a nice kick to it but overall I would say this is not as good as other bibimbaps I've had if you take out the meat.The service is excellent and the ambiance is great, but I would definitely pass on this place as an omnivore. The veggies here do not taste good enough to make up for the lack of meat. Probably good for vegetarians though.
#REVIEW#Incredibly expensive but incredibly good food. Place and plating was beautiful, really cool layout and shoes off at the door. Heated floor was so nice in the winter. Had the stuffed shitake and the todok stone rice bowl, so good. My non vegan Korean gf loved it. All-vegan Korean food!
#REVIEW#Hangawi is perfect for vegetarians, and illeatanythingtarians. They offer an unique view of Korean cuisine, with dishes that you might expect - tofu soup, bamboo rice, fritters, steam dumplings - and many that you might not - bamboo spicy rice, mixed pancakes, interesting rice bowls.Only the bamboo rice was slightly spicy, in most cases the dipping sauces are mild (and boring on occasion, as in the case of steam dumplings). For dessert try the ice cream with red bean or the soy cheesecake. Skip the chocolate cake. The service is attentive, and prompt.
#REVIEW#I really love the vibe of this place - it's not shoes inside and you sit on the ground but they have a hole under the table for your legs so you're not cross legged and it's comfortable. We got the combination pancakes which I highly rate. Seriously great diversity of flavors and sauces were amazing as well. For sure something for everyone on the plate. I also got the tofu stone bowl, which was good, there was just a specific spice or something I did not like in it and I feel like the tofu wasn't showcased enough. But the sides of kimchi were so good. Overall, it's good, the experience is definitely a plus but also a little pricey.
#REVIEW#It was precious experience for me and my guest from LA. As a Korean living in US for over 10 years, I have never found an equivalent Korean traditional cuisine to Hangawi, which is authentic but creative and unworn. You cannot be bored here, because you may feel the exotic setup and pleasant ideas/intentions from your dishes. You must NOT skip this place if you are interested to see Korean tradition transforming itself into the modern shine in the center of downtown New York.
#REVIEW#Hangawi is a vegetarian or vegan dream come true.  There's a separate Gluten Free menu with enough choices to keep everyone included!As much as I love the food and the presentation, the atmosphere is a major part of the perfection.  The servers are very polite and efficient, and the decor and arrangement of the seating is so harmonious that you can just sit, relax and truly enjoy your meal and your time there.
#REVIEW#I came here with colleagues one night for dinner and everyone thoroughly enjoyed themselves. First, I enjoyed that this was a Korean restaurant and not a pan-Asian fusion place. The ambience is quiet and tranquil, reminding me of a neighborhood restaurant I used to visit when I lived in Korea. The all-vegetarian menu is refreshing and full of healthy & delicious options. The bibimbap bowl was like a dose of Daegu, and I found myself devouring the spicy dumplings. I'm not normally a fan of soy ice cream, but this one was enjoyable and didn't taste overtly like soy. The restaurant had a tranquil vibe with a recessed seating area that was a mix between traditional Korean floor seating and western style chairs. All in all, good find!
#REVIEW#Had a chance to try out Hangawi while I was making my way through NY and it was certainly an interesting dining experience -- in a good way!So let me start off by saying that I'm vegetarian. I'm also a GIANT Korean food fanatic. These two parts of my character rarely ever coincide because Korean food tends to be heavily meat based and even when there are veggies, little shrimp friends or other sea creatures find their way into the seasoning of said vegetables. Thus, when I heard about Hangawi, I was beyond excited. I was able to schedule a reservation via email and got a pretty quick response and confirmation which was great!Once you enter Hangawi, it's like setting foot into a cozy wooden food haven meant for relaxation. You take your shoes off at the door and they place them in their little cubby system that they have going on. You're then escorted to your seats -- low rise tables with hollow space beneath for your feet and your bags! Now in terms of food, my friend and I both went with the bibimbap. They were brought out and mixed for us tableside, which was definitely a first for the both of us. The food was good, but yes I do agree that prices are high for what you get. However, my overall experience was great and I was just happy to have a fully vegetarian Korean menu to choose from. Hangawi gave me a small reminder of my study abroad adventures in Seoul and for that, I can give it a solid 4.0 stars.
#REVIEW#TLDR: I never thought that a restaurant could make me  consider changing my dietary lifestyle... just go, it's incredible for carnivores, herbivores and everyone in between.Hangawi was recommended to me by my vegetarian coworker, with her singing the restaurants praises. Upon arrival, the decor and ambience of the restaurant is incredibly warm and inviting, especially with the shoes-off policy. My friends and I ordered a few soju cocktails (tasted incredible) and a bottle of red wine (also good). We ordered the:1. Combination Pancakes: 9/10. Tasted amazing but the portion was really small for three to share at that price2. Tofu spicy stone bowl: 1000/10. It's just so well done, seasoned, and hearty without all the guilt. 3. Tofu Entree 8/10: My friend ordered this dish and said it was good, but he experienced FOMO of the stone bowls all around the table4. Coconut Cake 10/10: moist yet airy at the same time. A must have to cap the evening The whole evening was so good that I went back a week later with my sister who's a pescatarian on verge of full vegetarianism. We ordered the:1. Dukkboki (spicy rice cakes) 2000/10 they made this traditional street food oriented Korean dish taste so fantastic, I still dream about that appetizer to this day. The portion was also HUGE so my sister and I honestly got so full before our mains2. Combination Fritters 9/10 : also very good and the the tempura-like coating was light and allowed the taste of the kabocha, taro and other vegetables to shine.I got the same tofu stone bowl and my sister got a tofu spicy soup which was also very good. I need to make Hangawi a monthly dinner spot to satisfy my Korean cuisine needs...
#REVIEW#The best vegetarian place in New York City. The food is amazing, the service is the best, and the whole environment is very cozy and relaxing. I've been there several times and I had tried at least 5 different dishes, and I love ALL of them!
#REVIEW#Hangawi was on my list of must try restaurants for a long time. The overall ambience as you walk in is great - you remove your shoes and leave them in the cubby w/ the shoe attendant; they even took our umbrella :) We were led to the table where our feet were suspended below us, giving the feel of sitting on the ground without actually having to sit pretzel-style.The food was good, although I think I was expecting a little more flavor in each dish. The spicy baby dumplings were not very spicy at all and the avocado stone bowl would have tasted bland if not for the hot sauce we added. The kimchee hotpot was great though - with a depth of flavors and smooth soondoobu tofu texture. As a birthday surprise, the waitstaff rang a gong which abruptly caught my attention. The mocha chocolate cake was decadent and fudgy! and the soy ice cream which I had hesitated about when ordering was actually very smooth and delicious. I would definitely recommend everyone to try this place out - for both the  Korean vegan experience as well as the entire atmosphere.
