#NAME#Burger Joint
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/burger-joint-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#tradamerican,burgers#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Okay experience! I loved that the locals had to show me where to find the place because they definitely saw me wondering around trying to look.A small place with a small menu but you know you are only coming here for the burger. I got the single patty cheeseburger. It basically tastes like a cheeseburger I could make from home. No seasoning in the meat. The toppings were fresh, and I appreciated the size of the patty but that was it. Nothing to get worked up about for $10.
#REVIEW#Solid 3 stars, cool atmosphere totally hidden, and a great dive. There's probably enough seating for like 20-30 people TOPS. Best bet is to come with a friend, one person in line ordering, the other scoping out seats. Once you get your seats you better eat and run, people will be PISSED if you hang out as real estate is really limited. Decent burger, got it with the works and a side of fries. Fries are enough for 2 people. Good beer options. Checked it off the list- I think I'm good now.
#REVIEW#I came here on a week night. Many people already reviewed how it's a burger joint with a hidden entrance. And honestly, that's the best part about. What I liked: - movie posters, secret entrance, wooden tables- CRT TV (old-style) - burger. It was an OK burger. Patty was a bit cold and on the dryer side. Sauce was all right. - fries wasn't as impressive to me as what some other people have said. I thought it was nothing to rave about Tldr; I loved the divy and hidden vibe. But the food was just so-so. I may come again if an out-of-town friend likes that kind of thing. Other than that, there are better places to get burgers.
#REVIEW#Hidden inside by the Parker New York hotel's concierge desk, this place has the ambience of a hole in the wall. The line moves quickly. I ordered a cheeseburger "works" style which comes with tomato, onion, mayo, lettuce, pickle, mustard andKetchup. Bacon is $1.61 extra. The burger was delicious as were the fries.
#REVIEW#Wow! What a cool hidden gem! Felt like a speakeasy tucked in a 5star hotel lobby behind the curtains ( it actually IS!). Dont be intimidated by the line it goes bu quick! Cheeseburger with the works with side of spicy coleslaw was just perfection Fries was just Ok but still not bad..I would totally be back next time! This is the best burger in town.
#REVIEW#Love this burger joint. This is the joint to go to for your burger cravings. The burgers here are big, which is a delight since a lot of burger joints have regular or small sized burgers that do not fill my craving for burgers. It was initially difficult to find the entrance but that is what made this place more exciting. The menu is not extensive, which might be good or not so good with some people. I do not places that overwhelm me with so many choices, esp. when I am hungry. The food is here is not cheap, I will tell you that much but it was worth it for me.
#REVIEW#delicious food. best food ever. Love how well made it is. Just fantastic. I always come to this place . Its amazing. Always great customer service. Food is not rushed. Place is kept very clean. Servers are very nice. Thisbiabmy go to spot when Inwant to feel good or if Im upset. Both will getbthe job done.
#REVIEW#Average burger, not a lot of flavor to where you will probably just want to have the meat on a bun, maybe some mayonnaise. Once you add lettuce tomato etc. it kind of overpowers the burger all together. Basically just has average beef flavor, a little bit of flavor that seems to be maybe some A1 sauce mixed in...We were there on a Friday night and the line was out into the hotel which is where the burger joint is, deep inside the lobby, and it was totally not worth the wait. Went back today got two burgers at about 10 bucks apiece and they were just OK. Don't go out of your way or just go to five guys.
#REVIEW#Food was good. We got the cheeseburger with everything and the coleslaw burger. Line went relatively quickly and food was made pretty fast after ordering.Minus a star for the seating situation. We went today and patrons were straight up rude! We had a stroller with us and there is only one table that can accommodate a stroller/wheelchair. We stood by it patiently waiting for the people before us to finish up. After they left, two separate couples tried to climb over us to get the table. I told them we had ordered and had a stroller so were trying to sit there. One lady didn't give a damn and her husband had to argue with her to get her to move. The other lady kept saying "we ordered first! We ordered first!" The atmosphere isn't pleasant so tables do open up quick. Just get ready to fight for one.
#REVIEW#This was the best burger that we had while in NYC, so good we had it twice. It's a great little hole in the wall place, literally, a hole in the wall of the Meriden Hotel on 56th. The burger is juicy and cooked to order and they give you a plethora of delicious fries. Very comparable to Five Guys, but better atmosphere. The oreo shake is also good. The sodas are NOT free refills, that would be my one negative about this place. They have a spicy slaw burger, I didn't get it but I was very interested. Highly recommend!!
#REVIEW#Decent burger. You're there for the atmosphere and because you know it exists. It's a secret place that you'd have to know is there to find it. The burger is good, not amazing. Seating is the worst, you have to stalk people to snag a seat. Reminds me of the old SNL skit, cheeseburger cheeseburger coke. Same kind of vibe.
#REVIEW#Nice thick burger that tastes great. Their menu is small and simple.. Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Double Hamburger, Double Cheeseburger. They also have a "Spicy Slaw Burger" and Grilled Cheese. The French fries are cooked fresh but I was a little upset to not have a full bag of fries though.
#REVIEW#Had my chef buddy not pointed this spot out I would have never even thought of even going inside the Parker Meridian for a diner burger! Cool spot and I'll hit it again next time I'm in the city!
#REVIEW#This joint is located in a fancy hotel. it feels completely out of place cause the interior of the joint is so messy and drawn on. There are menus in different languages there so you know this place has to be touristy. I feel like tourists come here to try a traditional American burger. Decent amount of seating inside, but due to the sheer number of people here, we ended up sharing the table with several others. Pay at the front after ordering and grab your food when it's ready. Classic cheeseburger - medium patty. Not a very big burger. Buns are not toasted. Fairly basic burger you can make at home. Fries - skinny and comes in a brown bag. Decent amount of fries. Not very salted. Plenty of other places with better burgers. Not sure why this place is so popular.
#REVIEW#Burger joint is in a very unassuming location hidden in the lobby of Le Parc Meridian. I actually thought I was in the wrong place until I saw a neon burger sign near a curtain. I came on a weekday during lunch and I was lucky to snatch a table up right when a party was leaving. Service was quick for how busy the place was and cashiers was friendly.Burger was average, nothing to rave about though. I don't think I'll be back. Main draw for me to visit was the "hidden" aspect.
#REVIEW#Ugh. My children were starving so we found this on Yelp having no idea what we were in for. After waiting in line for 25 minutes we walked into a room that was designed to look like a dirty dive burger joint. Ok, so I just waited 25 minutes in a fancy hotel to eat in a nasty hole in the wall and paid $68 for 3 burgers, 1 fry, 1 beer, 1 soda and 1 milkshake...and the kicker is there was absolutely NOTHING SPECIAL about his food. It was average at best. Do not waste your time. NYC has so much more to offer.And, two of the four had stomach issues after eating here. Not good.
#REVIEW#Cool burger speakeasy! Juicy burger. Nice music. Funky, cool "artwork" along walls. 4 burgers and fries came out to $46. Space is limited, but I found a spot for 2 right on time. Line is outside joint, but moved fast enough for me.
#REVIEW#Super cool atmosphere and delicious food! Definitely worth trying. A few steps fro Time Square and worth the extra steps!
#REVIEW#Tucked away inside a hotel. If you've never been, you'd still probably miss it since there aren't any obvious signs once you're inside. The cheeseburger is juicy and comes with 3 different types of cheese. Fries are good but not great. Seating can be chaotic and there can be a very long line.Tip: I wouldn't come here if you're STARVING since it requires a lot of patience. You'll just get hangry waiting. You'll need to wait in line to order, wait for a table, and also wait for your food. All while being pushed around by customers. It won't be a pleasant experience.
#REVIEW#The first time I came here was probably 10 years ago. The concept of a burger spot in the lobby of a hotel is still amazing to me. Back then the burger world wasn't as diverse and this was one of my favorite spots to go to. I recently went back for the burger I regarded highly of for the past decade. The spot didn't look like it changed much; still dark and dingy but lots of character. The food came out quickly and in fashion of paper wrappings that you can eat right on like a place mat. The burger was... nothing spectacular. For the price I was really expecting to be impressed. The fries were perfect. Crispy, shoe string fries that weren't too salty.Overall I don't think I'll be coming back. Though this burger is good, there's nothing striking that would want me to go back again
