#NAME#Barn Joo 35
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/barn-joo-35-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#korean,gastropubs,tapasmallplates#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Awesome food and service! Big plus was that my waitress is prettyWished I lived here to eat here more often.
#REVIEW#FIRST THINGS FIRST:  Do not go by what the Yelp wait time says.  We showed up based on that and were told they no longer were taking tables that evening. We had made our way there based on the Yelp time. After showing her my phone and explaining why we came all that way, and pointing out 3 empty tables, she agreed to seat us. And we are glad she did.  It was probably THE BEST meal we had in NYC.  We got the pork hotstone bowls that hd an egg in them, soooooo freaking good.  They also offer prosecco which was a WIN-WIN! Check out their instagram page for lots of pictures of good food and to help you decide what to order.  But don't rely on yelp's wait times, get a reservation instead.
#REVIEW#Well there goes my paycheck! Barn Joo 35 is very pricey even during happy hour so consider carefully before you come. We came around 6 PM on a weekday and made it in time for happy hour (4 PM - 7 PM). The restaurant was really packed but they were able to find us a table in the back. I could immediately tell that this was a high-end restaurant. The fancy decor and candles on every table added to its ambiance. We started off with two drinks from the happy hour menu. There were only three options for cocktails so we went with the A-Thyme, which contains soju, and the Bee-line, which contains vodka and has a strong lavender honey flavor. The drinks were pretty good but the waiters had brought our drinks to the wrong table so they took forever to get to us.[ Bibimbap Mushroom Hot Pot ] Keep in mind that you must order a minimum of two servings. The waiter set up a small portable hot pot on our table. I found the hot pot flavor to be pretty bland. They were very stingy with the beef and I found everything else to be pretty unimpressive. [ Oysters ] $1 per oyster during happy hour! This was probably the only redeeming part of the meal. The oysters were fresh and juicy! I would highly recommend.Between two people, our meal came out to be around $100!
#REVIEW#First time at this location. I loved the other one but this one does not compare! I brought my friends here for lunch and we all left disappointed. We didn't even want the leftovers because nothing was that good. The jap chae was really bland. Truffle fries lacked truffle flavor. Soft-shell crab was underwhelming. Crunchy tofu was ok, but did not taste like kimchi.In conclusion, we ate, but reluctantly. I was pretty embarrassed I brought them here
#REVIEW#Korean American fusion. Not traditional Korean. But still tasty. The beef steamed buns was a little disappointing because I thought it was going to bulgogi, but more like a burger. Still tasty, but bc of the sauce. The seafood noodles were really yummy, had a lot of flavor and didn't skimp on seafood. My friend's bulgogi luttuce wrap was really good and big portion. A lot of meat with miso soup, rice as well. Would get that next time!
#REVIEW#Found via Yelp when I was desperate for Korean cuisine (the Midwest is a desert for good Asian!), and Barn Joo 35 lives up to the outstanding rating. Went for dinner on a Tuesday evening with a friend. Bibimbap was fresh and complex in flavor (seafood) and the hotpot (seafood as well) was incredible and very spicy . Japanese whisky was served (neat), and we closed with nap buns (beef) that capped off an incredible meal. Service was attentive, the hostess was friendly (even if stressed!) and the vibe was perfect. Will definitely return.
#REVIEW#Amazing food but the service was bad. Front hostess area and the actual server were both rude AF. The waiter was in his phone most of our dinner and I had to get up outta my seat to actually get his attention 3 times, not just once. Really good food but not that good that I would go back. Favorite dish was the KFC and the spicy pork
#REVIEW#Came here because I was craving Korean fried chicken. I also liked the fact that it was a tapas place and wanted to try different things. We got the korean seafood pancake, 6 hot and spicy wings, bulgogi hotpot, tuna salad, and lastly truffle fries. Honestly, none of the food was that great. My favorites would be the tuna salad and the wings, but they weren't super special either. The portions are incredibly small and really expensive for the price. Truffle fries didn't taste like truffle fries at all.Lastly, service was decent but not amazing. Probably wouldn't come back again.
#REVIEW#Thank goodness for Yelp! I stumbled across this place and had to stop by for dinner. They indicated on here they close at 11pm, but kitchen closed at 10pm. We didn't know they close out a bit earlier arriving an hour before closing. We felt bad but the hostess was kind enough to seat us. Let's talk about flavors. Wow. We ordered about 6 dishes and definitely no disappointed there. Each dish was unique and flavorful. My favorite was their Braised Pork Nacho. Don't take my word for it! If you're in New York! Must try this place out.
#REVIEW#Maybe we just ordered the wrong things? The fried dumplings were sugary and left me feeling the same way I feel after eating at McDonalds - bloated and regretful. The shrimp ceviche was a mistake. The soft bun fried chicken was delicious. The fries were the best part of the meal. As I read my own list, I see how things went south....
#REVIEW#My boyfriend found Barn Joo on Yelp last year when he was in town for work and hasn't stopped talking about his meal here, so naturally I had to take my family this week while in town. H O L Y C O W it totally lived up to the hype he created!! We showed up at 5pm with a party of 8 and were seated right away. Our waitress was awesome - informative, confident, polite, and attentive. We got an array of appetizers and happy hour drinks, including soy garlic wings, truffle fries, fried veggie dumplings, a tiger sushi roll, and crispy chicken buns. Wings were just $1 for happy hour which is a steal because they were big and perfectly cooked. The dumplings were huge and overstuffed, the fries and spicy mayo were amazing, the sushi was FANTASTIC, and the crispy chicken buns were "the best I've ever had", according to my mom's post on Facebook. And she would know, since she lived in Korea. For dinner, we pretty much all got hot stone bowls except for one person, who had a mussel and oyster hot pot - HUGE portion and huge pieces as well, absolutely worth the money. The hot stone bowls had wild rice instead of white, which threw me off at first but ended up being a great texture. The mushrooms in the vegetarian bowl were amazing, and my chicken was cooked perfectly. I would highly recommend Barn Joo to anyone looking for a good happy hour, good tapas to share, or great Korean food.
#REVIEW#My family and I came here one weekend to celebrate mother's day late. My mom loves korean food, and we've already tried most restaurants in Koratown (mainly the restaurants on 32). So I wanted to take her somewhere she hasn't been before. We all ordered hot stone bowls. I got the eel, my brother the chicken, and my mom the seafood. We were excited and had higher expectations. Sadly the food fell short. The hot stone bowls (from my understanding) are usually served with white rice. However, theirs is served with brown rice and quinoa... yes... brown rice and quinoa. This completely threw off the flavors, resulting in a less than satisfying taste. I just endedup eating the eel on top and neither my brother or my mother finished their meals or wanted it packed up (which is saying something).Also, the free soju shot you get from checking in on yelp is the grape one.. tasted like robitussin (cold medicine)... not cute or tasty. To improve our drinking situation, we also got the makgeolli (which is in a bottle for those who care). Honestly, the makgeolli at Take 31 is waay better, and you get more imo. Sadly, we won't be coming here again. Maybe I missed the marketing of this place as a healthy Korean restaurant? Or maybe I just didn't read the menu that closely? (Let's be real.. with my attention to detail (or lack thereof), I probably missed this point completely). Either way, I wish I chose another restaurant.
#REVIEW#Very yummy. I am impressed with Asian food and gastropub being not only serviceable but delicious. My friend and I came during lunch and the line wasn't too bad. We were seated within minutes. Menu is reminiscent of traditional Korean food with an American twist. Fairly simple front and back layout and prices were fairly reasonable. Ordered-Hot and spicy pork dumplings (3.5/5). Golden fried crispy. A-ok. The first dumpling was good but should've low-key ordered the soy garlic version.-Crunchy Tofu (5/5). Super tasty and went well with the caramelized tofu. - BBQ Chicken Hotstone Bowl (4/5). Have had this dish at many Korean places but this was one of my favorites. It was hot, the rice was cooked and turned to perfection, and the red chili sauce provided was complementary and delightful. - Banana Pudding (4/5). Not a fan of desserts but it did taste good. The ice cream was cold but melted in your mouth with a hot bite of the banana bread. Enjoyed Barn Joo and would recommend it for lunch or for some late night dranks and munchies.
#REVIEW#Meh. Overrated for sure and did not have a good experience the minute we walked in. The woman who sat us was rude and obnoxious. We came on a weekday at 4pm. This place had only ONE table. She asked us how many. It was just me and another girlfriend who was also Asian, and a third friend who might or might not join us so I told her 3 just in case. She told me she couldn't seat us until everyone was here. Like are you kidding me? This place was empty and the only table that happened to be there at the time was occupied by two white men in a table that sits 4. Why the difference in treatment? I told her to just sit us first because the friend might not even join us. She snapped back and said very rudely to us that we couldn't switch to a bigger table later and if we really needed to we would have to talk to a "administrator". Damn wow. Didn't know things were this serious. We came here specifically for the happy hour and did not find much of drink options or discount on the drinks. They do have a few options for food on the happy hour menu including the wings and the truffle fries. Truffle fries were pretty good and crispy and the wings were a dollar each and pretty flavorful. The service from other staffs were actually fine. The third friend couldn't make it at the end that night so we did not have to get the "administrator" to come and switch our seats. Overall, lack of happy hour drink options, and rude service from the hostess/waitress, won't be returning to this one. There are plenty of other Korean fried chicken places in the city
#REVIEW#First time visiting was looking for something different. I really enjoyed the food here. We ordered the pork dumplings fried with the hot and spicy sauce, the wings, and the spicy seafood noodle to share. Loved everything and would order it again. I'm not the biggest fan of the SoJu cocktails, it was too sweet and juicy tasting to me, but my fiancée ordered the jalapeño margarita, that was very tasty.
#REVIEW#Go at lunch and be treated to the Farmer's lunch of miso, brown rice, pickled radish and kimchi and your choice of entree and a basket of cucumber, lettuce, shiso leaves and a mild pepper. We selected Galbi, bulgolgi and spicy pork.The bulgolgi was on par--tender, moist and satisfying. The spicy pork had a lovely gochujang slice and flavor burst. But those succulent cubes of charred grilled Galbi dominated the meal. It was so good you dont really need the gochujang on the meat.The miso was rustic and the restaurant is not likely to refill your kimchi. We also ordered an Uni Bibimbap. Nutty, creamy lobe of properly temped perfection accompanied by colorful roe.All of this for $18 per set??? Lunch is where it's at!
#REVIEW#Even if I were to put on my "This is Korean Fusion Food" cap, this place is a fail. I got enticed by the great Yelp rating, but I knew as soon as I walked in and saw very few Koreans there that it would not be good Korean food. First, the disposable chopsticks they give you are super cute. They're a deeper brown color and def more fancy-looking than at your typical Korean restaurant. I know you don't care, but I noticed and wished I could take some home. :)Second, the food is just not yummy. Let's just get that out there. If you are looking for delicious Korean food, this place is not it - go 3 streets down to 32nd and go to a real Korean restaurant. This place is where you go when you want small, expensive portions to nosh on while you catch up with a friend who doesn't know food. Literally, not one single dish we ordered was something I'd classify as tasty Korean food. Actually, not one single dish we ordered was something I'd classify as tasty food, period. It was just all mediocre and underseasoned and honestly, expensive for what it was given that the portions are more reminiscent of tapas than anything else. Vegetable Japchae: $16. People, this is not how good japchae is supposed to taste, I'm sorry. At the very least, it needs more seasoning.  Crunchy Tofu: $9. My non-Korean friend who still knew enough about Korean food to know the food was off described this dish as basically fried tofu in General Tso sauce. And yeah. That's basically what this is. Too sweet, tofu not seasoned inside, did not enjoy. If you like General Tso chicken, maybe you can try it....it wasn't disgusting or anything - just not a flavor/texture I enjoy. Bulgogi: $18. Small portion. Probably the best dish we ordered that night, but this is not saying much given how disappointing everything else was. On a bulgogi scale of 1-10, 10 being the best ever, it was probably a 6. Not bad, but not great. If I HAD to come to this restaurant again, this is the only thing I'd order again.Seafood Pancake. $14...for maybe a 6" diameter pancake with minimal seafood. Oh. And salt? This pancake was allergic to it. I mean - LITERALLY there was no salt in this at all. The pancake was greasy, crispy on the outside but oddly wet and sticky on the inside...I've never had a less delicious seafood pancake in my life, and I've had thousands in my life. Do not recommend.Overall, I do not recommend this restaurant. It's 2 stars b/c I reserve 1 star reviews for restaurants where the food is inedible, which this wasn't. I just don't think it's a good representation of Korean cuisine, and I think the focus of this restaurant is more on the atmosphere/branding/look/hype/experience/presentation than the actual food. And this fat girl is all about the food, man. And the food just does not deliver. I can't be tricked into thinking I ate something delicious with fancy disposable chopsticks.
#REVIEW#This may not be the most authentic of K-Town experiences, but you should've known that from the moment you saw the words "Korean gastropub." And that doesn't mean it isn't a good time. You've got to decide if you want:1. The more affordable, more banchan, more Korean experience.2. A meal that may cost a little more, but will deliver more attractive plates, more items that appeal to an American palate, and in my experience, far, far better service. If you want the former find a different spot, preferably a place that only exists on the second floor of a building around here. If the latter is your style, you're right where you need to be. Just know that if you have Korean friends they will be appalled at the prices, whereas they're pretty standard for a Manhattan dinner out. Don't be ashamed, either; both types of Korean meals have their place. This is an excellent introduction to Korean food for people that aren't as familiar, and even if you are familiar, Barn Joo has a lot of upside. Namely, the food is excellent and well-presented. I have eaten and enjoyed wings, pancakes, traditional Korean truffle fries, galbi, tacos, that mac and cheese-esque thing, bibimbap, japchae, and more. If I were you, I'd wash it all down with shots of soju and beer backs, but that's just because I'm not as into the soju cocktails.
#REVIEW#My rating for this place is a 3.5.  Originally I was supposed to check out this place with ex-coworkers, but my bf and I wanted to veer from our usual pattern of dinner.  Hence, we ended up here.  We put ourselves on the waitlist on Yelp and when we arrived the wait wasn't too long, but the place is fairly small and we had to maneuver for people coming in and exiting.  Also the system wasn't very clear and the host should have been proactive in guiding/explaining to people.  The seats are a set up in a compact layout.  They weren't the most comfortable, but your attention is swayed to the menu.  I haven't had Korean fusion since I was on the West Coast so I had high expectations.  I was happy though because my bf was enthusiastic about the menu.  We ordered the chili shrimp, kalbi buns, fried tiger roll, and the bulgogi from the (Main) section.The chili shrimp was excellent.  The kalbi buns were disappointing.  The kalbi would have worked better in a taco format.  The fried roll was nothing special and reminded me of a roll they could be ordered at a sushi joint.  The bulgogi main was tasty because of the truffle essence. With our Yelp checkins we each got a free soju cocktail.  I ordered the midtown forsythia and my bf got purple rain.  His was better.  The presentation was cute with the ice pops.  We ordered the makgeoli cheesecake which was tasty.  All in all, the food was good, but nothing mind blowing.  The service from the staff was good, minus the host who wasn't the most courteous I've come across.  Also it's Manhattan prices and I don't see myself coming here unless necessary because I've had better Korean fusion with better service in a comfortable setting.
#REVIEW#so GOOD!! I've been to the union square location before but this was my first time at the midtown one! My friend and I shared the tuna mayo appetizer, spicy pork bulgogi farmer's lunch and the wings/truffle fries lunch combo. The appetizer was okay imo...the mix of raw fish with bread was a bit off (but i also might be biased because i don't like mayo LOL). The spicy pork bulgogi was pretty legit!! Tastes like my mom's hehe it comes with a bunch of veggies to make wraps. The wings were BOMB the skin was still crunchy even though it was dunked in sauce. The truffle fries were good OFC my favorite thing on the menu.
