#NAME#Dinosaur Bar-B-Que
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/dinosaur-bar-b-que-harlem?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#bbq,musicvenues#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is the definition of delicious soul food!!! Once you walk in, the atomsphere is everything! Everyone is so friendly and welcoming, it kinda felt like home. I recommend you make a reservation to make sure you get a table, especially on a Friday night. Right as we were seated, we were greeted by our lovely waitress, Kelly! She was so sweet and gave us reccomendations which was excellent. My friend got the ribs with creamed corn and mac and cheese. My other friend and I settled for the barbeque chicken with french fries, mac and cheese and the sweet potato puree.The mac' & cheese made me happy. It was very cheesy and you're lucky if you got the crumbly bread part!! The chicken itself was very juicy, even though there half of it was chicken breast. You have barbeque sauce on the side, a tad spicy/tangy but really good with your meats. My friend loved her ribs, as she loved them sauced up and it went perfect with her corn. Our dishes came with cornbread, which was warm and so buttery good.I highly reccomend this place, especially for meat lovers!! It's right by a park, where you can rub your tummy in content afterwards.
#REVIEW#Catered for an event and everything was perfect. As good as dining in. Everything arrived warm and tasty, not dried at all. The guy set up our trays, utensils and whatnot. All very good, and great value.
#REVIEW#Authentic BBQ and best for MDW. The spot is super popular and there was a 30-minute wait for the table at 3pm. Luckily, the bar section was open so we were seated right away. Two of us ordered full rack to share and still could not finish. Highly recommend BBQ rice!
#REVIEW#I came back here on a Saturday as a walk in and the wait time for a table for 3 was about 45-60 minutes. The wait time was a bit much but we weren't surprised as it is Saturday and we have been there before. To avoid wait times make a reservation at-least a day before. We waited by the bar the bartender was great and made some yummy drinks. I ordered the donkey punch and the first drink I had was very delicious and strong I had to ordered a second one. When we got to our table after waiting an hour JAMEL our sever was fantastic he provided excellent service despite how crowded it was. He also recommended getting the family meal which was the perfect package as it had everything we wanted all for $76 you get a rack of ribs, brisket and jumbo wings you also get three large sides we got Mac and cheese , Cole slaw and  potatoes. This also included their yummy corn bread. Jamel recommend the first donkey punch they ever created and  I had to try it as well very delicious as well and strong. Literally if you drink 3 donkey punch like I did you will understand the next day why is call the donkey punch  but definitely I recommend coming to Dino's I will definitely be back
#REVIEW#The BBQ itself is pretty good. The corn bread is a bit dry. I got take out to eat outside, and they said they'd announce the order over the intercom, which never happened-- no orders were announced at all while I was there for an hour. What made me most sad was the portions in the pick two, pictured here. I think for $20 they could give you a little more meat.
#REVIEW#First time here at Dinosaur Bar-B-Que, the food was amazing and delicious. I ordered the jumbo chicken wings, mashed sweet potatoes, Mac and cheese along with the Cobb salad. Everything was so fresh and delicious . I tried a piece of ribs omg  just juicy and succulent. The corn bread is warm and soft just perfect to along with the chicken wings.
#REVIEW#(8/10)Great spot for a date or larger party. The Brooklyn location takes reservations which is better during peak hours. If you don't mind a relaxing wait, put down your cellphone number with the hostess and take a short walk to the pier and enjoy the view of the Hudson (especially during sunset).Service was great and their sides are pretty solid. Best affordable ribs out of the BBQ places I've been to in NYC.Separately, you can always call ahead and order takeout to have a picnic on the nearby pier/park.
#REVIEW#We've been coming to Dinosaur for years and the food is always consistently good. All time faves are  always the wings, shrimp, ribs, and sides. This time, though, we came with a 7 year old and our waiter, Ramel, made her feel extra special. He gave her several coloring pages to keep her occupied, brought her food out earlier than everyone else's, and even hung up one of her coloring pages on the wall. She was overjoyed! We've been here over 50 times but this was by far the best because of our awesome waiter.
#REVIEW#This place is yummy! I was on a girls trip and we made reservations here for an evening dinner and I was not disappointed. I'm a pescatarian, so there weren't too many options but the ones they had were great. I ordered bbq salmon fritters which is house smoked salmon, fried into balls with red peppers, corn and chives. The baked Mac and cheese wasn't the best but it wasn't terrible either, I've had better. I ordered the French fries which were good, they tasted like they came off of the grill and the collards greens were nice and smoked and had a hint of a sweet taste to it. i don't know if they make their blue cheese dressing from scratch but it was amazing! Our table was given some corn bread on the house which was nice and buttery, I thought it tasted good enough,But nothing beats my Nana's cornbread! The waitress we had was named Secret and she was absolutely phenomenal with her customer service. She was attentive, kind and went above and beyond to make sure our dining experience was great! She always came back to the table to make sure everything was still good and to see if we needed any more assistance. Secret should definitely get a raise, she was so pleasant.
#REVIEW#I suddenly had a craving for this place and realized that I haven't reviewed it yet. Well let's immediately correct that. Here goes..Exactly this month last year, after watching Once On This Island on Broadway, we decided to finally try this out for a late dinner. Now I'm always normally with a reservation but this was one of those let's just see if we can get a table by walking in and relying on our charm  (that and being really nice goes a long way all the time!)Long story short.. Staff was excellent, both the hostess and the one who attended to us. It was of course packed, judging by how many people swear by this place. We decided to order our drinks and it was fantastic! I believe there was also a band playing but was almost done with the set. The vibe was pretty cool, energetic but relaxed, and everyone seemed happy with their food. Got us too excited.We went for combination plates because there were too many things that we wanted to try. My plate had bbq brisket, St. Louis ribs, pulled pork and also had mac and cheese, bbq fried rice and corn bread on the side. This was clearly no time to avoid carbs. Everything was just so mouthwatering yum! Just writing about this now makes me want to eat there right away but for the sake of restraint, we'll see if the craving wins by this coming weekend.Love love love our entire experience. Safe to say, we packed the remaining food and ate it for 2 more meals! Yahs, value for money! Cannot.wait.to.come.back. Don't miss out!
#REVIEW#Love the barbecue here. Filling portions. Great service as well. My party had the pulled pork sandwich, one with mac & cheese and one with sweet potato mash. And a turkey burger with fries. Everything was really good. There's a bit of a wait but, it's worth it once the food comes.
#REVIEW#Two platters of samplers for 4 and round of Donkey Punch! Loving the deviled eggs ! Green Tomatoes! Wings ! Taking the food outside!
#REVIEW#The food is really good but the drinks are overpriced and mixed drinks were weak. Stephanie the server in the walk in area left a lot to be desired (very curt, unfriendly and cut us off while ordering). Betsy the hostess was really nice and accommodating.
#REVIEW#Soooo I am a Louisiana girl that is picky about bbq! I really enjoyed this place. It reminded me so much of home and the food was delicious. I had the nachos and I got hot spicy shrimp with collard greens. It was so amazing. I'll keep it a buck, my shrimp were a little cold but LET ME TELL YOU, I'm giving this place 5 stars because of the Jamel is f*cking amazing. Give this man the hospitality of the year award. I love good service and he really exceeded my expectations. Plus he has a really cute nose. Anyways, thank you for everything.
#REVIEW#The idea of a bbq place in this deserted area is great.The space is great as well, very warm and cozy.However, the service is worse than terrible. People in the kitchen are a mess. They seem completely disorganized, always shouting at each other.The ladies who work at the teller just don't give a f***.Owners should just fire everyone and start from zero, hiring people that actually care about doing a good jobBeen here twice and twice waited 40 minutes for a ****ing sandwich Never again
#REVIEW#Was extremely excited to finally come here on a trip to NY.We had trouble finding the front door. Don't ask why...we followed the signs and ended up in the back climbing stairs that led to a locked door. heh?Anyway, when we finally found the place, we were seated promptly in the pretty empty restaurant.We ordered brisket, ribs, wings, deviled eggs, fried greet tomatoes, beans and mac and cheese.I was HIGHLY disappointed with the ribs here...They were extremely dry and tough.The fried greet tomatoes were OK, but I wouldn't get them again.All else was good.I was disappointed that I wasn't blown away by the food because of all the good reviews.We mentioned the ribs to the waitress at the end, and she apologized and said they were usually very good and offered for us to take some to go to make up for it.But because of how bad they were we kinda laughed at the idea of taking more bad ribs with us.Oddly enough, the waitress seemed to have mistaken my boyfriend for someone else, since when we mentioned the ribs she made a "right, you know!" remark to him about how they were usually very good despite it being his first time there also.She was extremely nice and attentive to us the entire meal which actually bumped it up to 4 stars from 3 stars.She was very laid back and friendly, but definitely still did her job.
#REVIEW#After travelling to Austin, Texas and trying the best barbecue I have ever tasted, Dinosaur Barbecue no longer blows me away the way it used to. Nonetheless, it is still my favorite barbecue in the state of New York and excellent. I have also been to the locations upstate: the original in Syracuse and Rochester. Rochester actually has the best food. In terms of the Harlem location, it is very representative of the Dinosaur Barbecue brand [I have also been to the Brooklyn location once and it was not very good].Its popular combo is the Tres Ninos. In the past, they had the Tres Hombres, which has bigger portions. Instead of giving it an official name, the restaurant has opted to just put the larger portions as "Pick Three". I usually go with three of the four options: pulled pork, brisket, ribs, chicken. Everything has a distinct smoky flavor and is tender and moist. At the Rochester location, the chicken has been fall off the bone tender and i have only used a fork to eat it. It is not quite that epic at the Harlem location but is still very good. The combos also come with two sides. I usually go with the mac and cheese ans Syracuse salt potatoes. My friend goes with the fried rice as one of his sides, which was delicious the times I ordered it. The appetizers are great too. I recommend the Swag Sampler plate: chicken wings, fried green tomatoes, deviled eggs, and spicy shrimp roll. For the wings, I enjoy the honey barbecue flavor. The fried green tomatoes and deviled eggs are great. I do not eat shrimp but my friend has enjoyed that portion of the sampler.I have rarely had enough room for dessert. In the times I have, the chocolate ice box pie was exceptional. The key lime pie was very good too.
#REVIEW#Yankee game got rained out so our group wanted a great place hang and eat. One of our friends heard about Dino BBQ so we made the trip from Yankee stadium to this spot in the Upper West Side. The aroma already was crazy and the environment was very relaxed and fun. Our group of four ordered two orders of six wings, the brisket plate and the full rack of ribs with 6 sides altogether. The ribs were smoked to perfection, the brisket was tender and all the sides were amazing, especially the whipped sweet potatoes. Highly recommend, if you are in the area and you have some time to sit down. I will definitely make it a point to come back for more.
#REVIEW#So I literally love this place you can ask my friends and my family. I normally meet up here with an old coworker. Their food is great, I don't eat red meat or pork but they still have great selections to choose from. Randy, Amy and Matt are the best bartenders you can find in Harlem ! And the managers are the best they are always checking in on everyone and are always welcoming! I've been coming here for years and this is a place you can bring a friend, friends or family and have an amazing time.
#REVIEW#Great place if you just want to chat all night, take a sip, and chat some more. Very relaxed atmosphere.Nikki, our waitress, was very good with the table touches. Ask for Nikki.I must admit, I'm not accustomed to how slow the food comes out but this goes back to my first point, you're here to nibble and talk.The food is okay depending on what you order and how you like it done. The quality of my skirt steak was good but definitely too thin to be 12oz. My friend's rib-eye was 14oz as stated but the quality wasn't amazing, didn't even finish it, not because it was too much food, it just wasn't hitting the spot. It did not melt in the mouth.The street parking around the area is not bad. That's always a plus for me.It'd be ideal to make a reservation in advance because the walk-in wait is not pleasant.Go on a weeknight.
