#NAME#Yakitori Totto
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/yakitori-totto-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Yakitori Totto:What we order: 1. Chicken liver2. Harami3. Kalbi4. Gyutan，5. Japanese premium beef6. Negi Pon7. Teriyaki salmon set8. Vegetable don
#REVIEW#Dropped by after a show on a Friday night, fully expecting a lively crowd of people kicking off the weekend.  The place was surprisingly quiet when we arrived around 11pm, which was a little disappointing.  We got a seat at the counter, where we got to watch all of our food being prepared--very cool.  In order of deliciousness, we tried the kalbi with sauce ($5), prawn ($7), chicken liver w/sauce ($3.50), smoked lamb chop ($8), and asparagus bacon ($4.50).  We also ordered some cold nigori and hot sake to go with our skewers.  All in all, it was a tasty almost-midnight snack.Be careful of the prices though!  A single prawn grilled on a stick is $7.  A single 2-bite lamb chop is $8.  It's easy to rack up quite the bill here, especially if you're drinking and not quite using your best judgment.Despite the steep pricing, what actually turned me off the most was witnessing the waitstaff taking the open containers of seasonings on the tables, that likely had been sitting there the whole day, and pouring them all back into their larger container, which they will likely separate out again to the next day's customers.  The serving vessels do not have covers so who knows how many sneezes, coughs, or unsanitized subway hands have landed on it.  Disgusting!
#REVIEW#Went there yesterday and see what is it all about....Drinks are good.....Yakitori.......average good.... price a bit high....size of each skewer was pretty good...taste was just average.. been to place better and worth the value...(NoNoNo)(and the place on 26st....)let me think......Izakaya...on 26 st ...better.If need to go..I choose NoNoNo..or 26st...The other high end place a  couple blocks down the taste is much much better... but expensive....
#REVIEW#Food: SKEWERS! Each one comes with one skewer unless stated otherwise. The momo (chicken thigh) is a good one. Everything is good and simple. Sake: They have a selection and I always ask for recommendations - they're happy to help. Wait: First time I came they quoted me a 1 hour and 45 minute wait. I left. Second time they quoted me 45 minute wait and we only waited 25 minutes! Third time I came was a weeknight so there was no wait.
#REVIEW#Getting into Yakitori Totto is a bit like winning the lottery- okay, a lot easier, but still, really difficult.The past two times I've called about a table or a seat at the bar on a Friday night (around 8PM), I've been quoted an hour wait, at least. This last Friday, I upped my game and arrived at 5:30PM, when they open, and stood in line. There was still at least 10 people ahead of me but by some miracle, I was able to attain two seats at the bar. We were seated right off the entrance, which made it a little cold whenever the door opened. The place is tiny. It can fit 6-8 people at the bar, which overlooks the kitchen, and another 10 people at tables in the main dining area, which is just off the bar area. In case you don't know, Yakitori Totto specializes in grilled skewers. I hope you clicked on the restaurants' Yelp page already knowing that, otherwise, surprise! Totto Bun [$5]: If you've been to Momofuku or Ippudo, you've had a pork bun. This is a pork bun but filled with your choice of steamed chicken or chicken cutlet. The bun is soft and springy and the chicken is very flavorful. I just wish there was more than one to a serving. Asparagus Bacon [$4.50]: This is one of Yakitori's signature skewers. I never really loved asparagus as a kid. My mom would murder the stalks until they were grey and wilted. The asparagus here is bright green and firm. You can taste the smoke from the grill too. It is especially delicious when it's paired with the salty bacon because who doesn't love bacon? Kawa [$3.50]: This is chicken skin. This is the bad thing you shouldn't eat when you roast a chicken. This is the great thing you should eat when it's grilled on a skewer. The chicken skin was juicy and flavorful. Use the pink Himalayan salt they provide to season it further. How they got chicken skin juicy is beyond me. Get it. Skirt Steak [$5]: God, I love steak. I love steak even more when it's grilled. It's perfection. The onions were fully cooked through this time. Pork Mustard [$3.50]: Okay, this was the only skewer that didn't do it for me. It was basically kabob-ed pork chop with a dollop of mustard on the side. The pork tasted a little...porky...even a little game-like. I didn't love the flavor despite it being grilled well. Negi Tori Don [$13 regular, $14 spicy]: A rice bowl with chicken thigh, a runny egg, pickled cucumbers, and we opted for spicy sauce. The sauce was just a hint spicy and added great flavor to the overall bowl. The bowl itself was not incredibly hot so I was slightly concerned that the egg wouldn't cook all the way through was it was mixed in. The bill came to $64, before tip, for two people. We didn't have drinks. I'll certainly be back, but for a senior citizens dinner time.
#REVIEW#True Japanese Yakitori- excellent!  From lunch to dinner / this place e is just buzzing.  And I can see why.Mevery yakitori I ordered was fine perfectly.  The Prime Beef yakitori, Smoked lamb chops, crispy chicken skin, rice bowl with chicken and egg, stuffed shisito peppers and the frozen banana pieces in coconut milk and tapAnd this time I had chicken neck, fried chicken corner bones, (can't really remember the  name).  But the food is always delicious.This time I came at 8PM and was able to get seated in 17 minutes instead of 30 minutes.
#REVIEW#Well, I treated myself to a giant feast here!  So good!  Very authentic yakitori spot with a great sake selection.What I tried:Premium Japanese beef - melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  Definitely worth a try, although it's twice as expensive as most of the other options.Skirt steak - Probably my favorite. It came with some okra on the skewer which was delicious!Bacon asparagus - Also a top choice.  Very flavorful, and complimented the other Scallops - a bit over cooked and too lightly seasoned, but I do love scallops, so I enjoyed this.Rice balls - I got the miso flavor and it was very interesting!  The sauce was really heavy, so I was glad to have gotten this near the end of my meal.Tuna tartare - Nothing to write home about.  Very pretty, but only "so-so" in the freshness department.Totto would be a great place to bring a group of friends for a fun night out.  But I'd recommend calling/booking ahead, as it is small and was quite busy when I was there.  And remember, life is better with sake.
#REVIEW#Yakitori Totto serves up modern Japanese small plates + comfort dishes near the Columbus Circle.We came Yakitori Totto durning the Lunch time. 15min walk from my company and it was worth trip to eat @ Yakitori Totto.The food is delicious and the service is prompt and efficient. Food were good amount of portions. competitive prices. The menu is a variety of Yakitori as well as entree-sized rice bowls in Lunch Menu. Most of servers were Japanese and friendly.Everything was super delicious 100% visit again.
#REVIEW#Lunch deals here are AMAZING. Get here before 12pm (even on a Friday) and you'll basically get seated right away, but come after 12:30 and you'll definitely have to wait a bit.This place was truly excellent and the service is good too. Everything my friend and I got was delicious. We ordered the: - Maguro Zuke- Oyako Don: YUM. This is a perfect rice bowl with a half-cooked omelette over rice with chicken and onions and it's only $11. Such a steal considering you're in Midtown. - Unagi Don: $18 for delicious Japanese eel skewers on rice. Is it weird that I love the rice at Yakitori Totto? It's so nice and soft and perfect with the delicious unagi. Would definitely splurge and get this for lunch maybe once a month or once every other month haha! I love eel!For skewers, we got:- Kalbi (short rib): Delicious!! Would really recommend if you love beef like I do.- Momo (chicken thigh): Amazing!- Ton Toro (pork neck): I don't really eat pork, but my friend liked this.The entrees are served with miso soup and salad! Definitely will need to try dinner one day, but ugh for lunch I would definitely give this place a 10 out of 5.
#REVIEW#The yakitori is great. Here's some favorites: liver, heart, premium beef, harami, beef tongue. The apricot kernel tofu dessert is also amazing. Will be back.
#REVIEW#We came here 10 min before opening and there was a line on the stairs already. Skewers came out fast, meat choices were cooked perfect, nice and juicy and there is a wide selection! Service was friendly and the prices are reasonable.This place is great for quality yakitori in NYC
#REVIEW#Great yakitori options! Expensive relative to yakitori places. My boyfriend loved the eel rice so much! It was such a big portion as well, and the eel rice had a subtle flavor with the eel delicately cooked. Liked the wide variety of options for grilled vegetables and meats, ranging from normal chicken to chicken heart and vegetables from tomatoes to artichokes to shishito peppers. Staff was super attentive and nice, wait was a bit long was about 40minutes. Was able to order drinks while waiting. Really homey atmosphere, comforting spot in bustling city.
#REVIEW#I've been wanting Yakitori Totto for the longest time and finally got to try this place out!  Yummy bbq skewers Hatsu-moto hearts cancelled out the lean chicken breasts and Tsukune meatballs cancelled out the leanness as well.  Yummy lamb chop!  Tako wasa was a great starter.Skip scallops.  It wasn't worth it after it has been grilled, it shrinks in size.  Do order up beer that compliments the meal entirely! They have nice skewer selections!  Attentive staff members.Chicken Oyster they run out by 6pm...they should just supply more for the late night eaters since they already know it's top seller and high in demand.  One star off for not being well supplied.
#REVIEW#Celebrity adjacent moment:  I dined at Yakitoro Totto sitting in the exact same seat that Anderson Cooper did in 2013, when he interviewed Anthony Bourdain for the then new show, "Parts Unknown" (tottonyc.com/#our-yakito…).The fact that Anthony Bourdain dined here and it was filmed seems not to account for any of the popularity of the place these many years later.  There's no shrine or plaque announcing the seat he sat in.  There's just a steady stream of diners out to enjoy some good yakitori at reasonable prices.*      The menu here is big and diverse with many 1-3 bite offerings coming in at under $5.  The most expensive menu items run about $16 so unless you work diligently your bill will fall far short of ridiculous.  Service is quick, the food is good, and the menu varied with enough non-weird and definitely-weird stuff to satisfy Cooper and Bourdain respectively.  Or me.  Up a steep flight of stairs and just steps from the front door of my hotel, this was a good and satisfying meal that didn't require much effort.  Sitting at the counter made it authentic and watching the food being prepared eliminated any need to engage in witty repartee.  First daters, take note.  Once Bourdain anoints a place with his presence it feels uselessly redundant for me to provide a second level of authentication but I do and here you go.  If you're looking for yakitori in NYC there's no need to look further.  *  Well, not Anderson Cooper!
#REVIEW#This place was quite a great experience! You can order various skewers a la carte which gave a lot of variety and flavor into my meal. I really recommend the croquette, I had no idea what it was before I had it here, but the croquette was seriously addicting. I definitely recomend it. Overall, I thought the meal was extremely balanced. You get to choose how many skewers to get a la carte, the skewers are a little small so you might end up getting a few of them and spend around ~$50 or so, so the meal isn't cheap if you're particularly hungry. The green tea afogadro was delicious and an interesting concept with the red bean and matcha mixed into vanilla ice cream. The red bean mochi ice cream was also good! So I recommend trying out the desserts as well. Great experience and great service!
#REVIEW#Excellent grill food, truly exceptional and creative, the first bite of the grill is so good with just a bit of the fire burn, original taste requires little condiments to confuse your taste buds.Also love the wasabi octopus sashimi, best creation small dish I had tasted.
#REVIEW#So good. A bit of a wait. Food was delicious. The donburi was very good, along with the agadeshi tofu and other appetizers. Worth going, especially for the cozy izakaya ambience.
#REVIEW#My friend Josh subsists on things like Soylent and dollar pizza, so when he said he wanted to take me to his favorite restaurant ever, I was so excited that he wanted to introduce me to real, actual food that he enjoyed! (I *was* concerned when he didn't remember the name of the restaurant and had to call a friend to ask what it was. All he knew is that it was Japanese, it was up a flight of stairs, they had good skewers, and Anthony Bourdain had been there.)Sometimes I hate tapas places b/c I never know how much to order, and this was no different!!!Josh was like "YOU NEED TO ORDER A BILLION THINGS, THE PORTIONS ARE TINY. Be prepared to spend $50! There's also gonna be a really long wait!" He was right that I spent $50 and that there was a 30 minute wait on a Saturday (chugged a beer nearby), but NOT that the portions were tiny. I ordered two meat skewers, an amazing eggplant soup (the true highlight! such good fatty broth), and udon noodle soup that came with two sad slivers of chicken. It was far too much food and I felt sooo fat, then when I asked for a to-go box, the waitress said that they didn't have to-go boxes!! WHYYYY. I was devastated to leave my noodles behind. Also, not sure why people are so into meat skewers? They were dull to me. Josh did rave about his udon noodles that came on a bed of ice cubes, plus dipping sauce.The best part is that the tables are so close together that you're forced to interact with the other patrons. The girl next to me gave me an edible! (She was visiting from San Francisco.)
#REVIEW#Delicious!! It was a blessing to have found this place that closed at 1am after landing in EWR. Even better, 1 min away from our hotel! We've been in Japan and this place is close to be called 100% legit. I never call something 100% outside of the cuisine's home country as original ingredients may differ a bit but this place delivers and delivers in a great way (4.5 stars if I could). Staff is super helpful and friendly, fast service and totally delish. Not at all cheap but this was the best way to spend $100 for 2 people on a late-night snack
#REVIEW#As I'm sifting through my mind about how to articulate how delicious the meal was, I am most definitely salivating and craving Yakitori's food. Yakitori Totto is a hidden gem in the nooks and cranny of 55th street, so you gotta actually be careful to not walk into the wrong establishment. The door is hella heavy, in addition, I am burning more calories ascending the uneven stairway. It looks kind of creepy, but it builds excitement especially when you begin to inhale wafts of different food.It's a popular establishment that's quite small, so we were asked to wait, which didn't take long and I got front row seats in front of the chef. I decided on Yakitori Chicken: Liver, Momo, and Sasami as well as Japanese Premium Beef. For appetizers, we got Kushi Yaki Onigiri which is comprised of grilled rice ball with yakitori sauce.For desserts, I absolutely got the Green Tea Affogato which already had red beans and molasses. Everything I ordered tasted just as amazing as what my mama made, so I positively thought about home as I was consuming these familiar meats. Every morsel was cooked with precision and seasoned so amazingly. My affogato ice cream didn't need the green tea because it was just so heavenly as is, though the green tea didn't hurt it's flavor because it blended fine. The prices are decent for a person who doesn't have much of an appetite, but for me, I could really run the tab up high if I didn't have self-control. The food was so satisfying that I wanted more. The only reservation that I have with Yakitori Totto that day was that they only accepted cash, which is extremely inconvenient. There's a saying that everything's bigger in Texas, and that includes the portion sizes. Hahaha, I am not used to the modest portion sizes served here. Other than that it's a great place to get a quality meal.
