#NAME#Crispo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/crispo-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#I feel slightly crazy for not discovering Crispo sooner.  The first I visited the establishment was to seek out a drink after a long week at work.  It was pouring down rain and their bar looked kind of lonely (my fav type of bar environment).  My friend and I popped in and grabbed a nice cold libation and the bartender, Javier, was extremely pleasant.  This lead me to come back again but this time for dinner.  Their food is out of this world. Here are my favs:- Orchiette - Garlic Bread with cheese - Calamari- Creme BrûléeThese will all change your life!This spot is perfect for date night, outdoor dining, large groups, or a casual happy hour.
#REVIEW#What a lovely meal. We stopped in for an early dinner before catching our flight home.  Service was warm and friendly and at first, very prompt. It slowed significantly as the place filled up!We enjoyed a burrata and roasted red pepper starter, which was drizzled with olive oil and balsamic and topped with capers - wonderful.   For dinner, I had the orecchiette and my companion enjoyed the Bolognese. Both were delightful - pasta done very, very right. We would have loved a second round of drinks and some dessert but at this point, service was non existent. We sat with empty glasses and finished plates for a solid 30 minutes before our server returned. Bummer!
#REVIEW#This is a good dinner spot atmosphere wise. My friend and I were lead to the gorgeous courtyard at the back for our table. I ordered the Gemelli Al Prosciutto and since I am a prosciutto fan I had high expectations for this. However, the pasta was cooked barely al dente so it was too firm for my liking. I definitely tasted the truffle, peas & parm, but no prosciutto. It felt like I was eating vegetarian pasta. I ended up picking off my friend's plate in which he ordered the Spinach, Beef Short Rib Ravioli- it was definitely the better tasting dish of the two.We paired our pastas with the Crispo Sparkler and the Frosé cocktails, which were satisfying. If I ever come back I would have to try a different pasta because I wasn't satisfied with what I ordered. However I did enjoy the atmosphere and cocktails!
#REVIEW#A group of my friends and I met up here for an early dinner on a Saturday night - a great decision btw, considering the joint filled up quick. For what I thought would be just "another" Italian restaurant in the city, I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty their food is and how reasonable their prices are, which allowed us to double up on our bottles of wine. No complaints there heh. The wine might've played a part in this, but I remember a lot of compliments being thrown around about the apps and entrees. We started with a few orders of the calamari, stuffed zucchini flower, and the prosciutto/fig/parm plates - all were a hit! The prosciutto plate was a perfect pairing with our wine, so that was easily one of our favorites. I had the crispy duck special for dinner, served with a potato croquette and roasted brussel sprouts - delicious! A perfectly juicy bird with crispy skin. My bestie ordered the beef short rib ravioli and my god, it was amazing. The raviolis are to die for and the sauce was so rich in flavor. The overall consensus - go in on the carbs. Get the pasta, baby. It's their speciality. You won't be disappointed. The lackluster part of our meal happened to be the dessert course so make sure you fill up on pasta. Three peeps ordered double espressos and they clearly looked like singles. Even the server couldn't convince us they were doubles. The chocolate torta was on the dry side and went unfinished. I wasn't a fan. The zeppoles also went unfinished - they were just okay. Desserts definitely need some work imo, so just skip it. I still consider Crispo the perfect pick for our night out. The res was easy to make online, even for a large group,  and service was on point. If pasta's on your mind, then you've come to the right place.
#REVIEW#If you appreciate Italian food, this place hits the spot. Pretty empty at 9pm on a Sunday, no need for reservations.Zucchini flowers - A+Burrata tomato - ASpaghetti carbonara - A-Bucatini pomodoro (off menu) - ABone marrow escargot - B (large bones made it too salty and greasy, and I usually enjoy bone marrow)Duck breast - B+ (duck was good, fruity sauce didn't fit with the meal)Bottom line - order pasta pasta pasta
#REVIEW#When in New York, you have to try at least one or two Italian restaurants if you have the time.  The wife found this place this time around in the West Village area.  I honestly didn't see the big deal about this originally when I glanced at reviews, but let me tell you, this place is all that it cracked up to be.This inside is very small and cozy, but since it's small, it can be a little loud, but that doesn't matter because the service and food make up for that.  There was 4 of us, so we all got to get a little taste of everything and everything we ordered was delicious!!We started off with their Crisp Coal Fired Garlic Parmigiana Bread with cheese. (I think it's supposed to be famous or something, haha)  It was good.  My wife and I split Spaghetti Carbonara, our son had the Chicken Carbonara and one of our daughters had the Fettucine Bolognese.  Everything tasted great!!  The pasta comes out al dente, which through me off, but hey, this is a true Italian restaurant, so while in Rome as they say.  I cannot forget the service was great as well.Give this place a try if you get the chance.
#REVIEW#Came here to have dinner with my mom. I honestly, wasn't expecting nothing special. We came there at like 5.30pm at Thursday, and the hostess started to walk us to the second room, and inside I was thinking, o no, not the main, that's it;((( ... but I was super surprised when the second room was 100000 time better and with cool old, cozy decorations and great energy (normally it's opposite when the staff takes you to different room). So I ordered black truffle ricotta ravioli, and they've been unbelievably good, like I will definitely go back to eat them, they are really something special. My mom, ordered pasta with mushrooms, it was good too. Also the waiter was super funny and supportive with very good advices. Our food was ready like in 5 min. But when we were going out, like at 6.25 pm, restaurant was like good packed, so we got lucky that came this early.
#REVIEW#Such an amazing place to have dinner! The price is reasonable and the food is always delicious. I have been here a few times, but my favorite dish is by far the Roast Bone Marrow. I usually get the Oreganato one. I just love Bone Marrow so much and I am so glad to have found a place with this dish. I always love the pasta I get here as well. The first time I got spinach short rib ravioli and it did not disappoint. Delicious and I enjoyed that it was very different from other ravioli I have had before. My fiancé got the carbonara and thought it was delicious. He was very happy with his decision. Cocktails here are really good too. I always order one of their specials, whichever sounds good. My fiancé says that this is his favorite Italian place, and I have to agree!
#REVIEW#I've actually been to Crispo many times over the years. It's a preferred restaurant that my management (even multiple managers over the years) have continued to visit for work-related dinners.We usually sit in the back room since we're normally a pretty large group. Last night there were only 6 of us, so we weren't at the giant table (think "Last Supper"....) - but we were still seated in the "special" room in the rear.Service is always extraordinarily attentive and friendly. Several people at the table had dietary issues, and they were very accommodating. My manager does things "family style" and pre-orders for the table, so I tasted pretty much everything that was ordered on our behalf. Since one person had an extreme gluten allergy, a decision was made to use gluten free pasta for all of the dishes. That was fine for me since I have switched to using my own gluten free pasta at home. It's really about the sauce...and they do a wonderful job of bringing forward traditional Italian flavors. The rice balls, brussels sprouts and salad were also delicious. My previous visits here did allow me to order my own meals....and I distinctly remember enjoying everything over the many years that I've been to Crispo.
#REVIEW#I love the duck breast here. It's served with brussel sprouts and a sweet and fruity sauce.Came here with my friend for a lovely dinner. We sat outside and enjoyed the New York scenery.
#REVIEW#Um yeah.  You can't go wrong for Italian food.  Wow this place is amazing.  It is a bit cramped space and crowded but the food is why you come here.  Just try everything.  It is well worth it.
#REVIEW#Tried this spot out for an early VDay dinner. I've walked past it for years, and never noticed it an until an influencer I follow posted a story of the garlic bread from here. So yes, influencers do work. And yes we came here for the GARLIC BREAD. I highly recommend you also try it. In addition to the garlic bread we shared a Caesar salad. Crispo added it's own unique touch by topping with fried chickpeas. So delicious and the chickpeas were a nice added crisp with the romaine. For entrees I had to try their famous carbonara (the 3P). Mike had the shrimp and spaghetti. Both really good pastas. And the servings were generous. Definitely had leftovers. Service was friendly; maybe a bit slow. Or they were just allowing us to actually spend time enjoying the meal/ one another.
#REVIEW#I came to Crispo with some friends for my birthday dinner and we had a great time and a great meal! We were seated in the outdoor patio area out back. It was really beautiful; just was a bit of a humid night so a tad sticky and uncomfortable. I would definitely recommend for a first date in the early fall. Once we were seated, we started with some cocktails. A few of us, including me, tried the frosè and a few tried the blood orange (both $11.75). We also got the hot & sweet soppressata, caponata, and provolone plate ($13.95). It was so delicious. We never tried caponata before and we all loved it - it is almost like an Italian version of a hummus dip. Try it with the complimentary bread and oil. For our entrees, we each got a different pasta dish. I ordered the Gemelli al prosciutto ($23.95). The truffle sauce was so delicious paired with the salt from the prosciutto, topped with some peas and Parmesan. Other sections included the truffled ricotta ravioli ($24.95), fettuccine bolognese ($22.95), orecchiette ($22.95), and ricotta ravioli pomodoro ($23.95). I would definitely return. The only negative was the server was a bit inattentive, but the food and ambience made up for it!
#REVIEW#I came here last night for a friends birthday.We had a reservation at 6:30pm for 5 people. We checked in and was seated within the next 10 minutes. They led us through the restaurant to an outside seating section in the back which was quiet nice unfortunately it was really muggy and humid that day so I wish they had the fans on a higher speed to make it more comfortable for guests.Our waitress was nice but a few times during the night it took her a while to come back to our table or to check on us. We ordered drinks fairly quick and got them fast but we had to wait around to order our appetizer and entrees. So the service wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.To start with I ordered the frose which was pretty good it came in a cute glass but for almost $12 wasn't that big. My friends and I decided to split the hot & sweet soppressata, caponata, and provolone. I think everything on this plate was delicious and would deff get it again to share as it has a little bit of everything. They also put a basket down of bread so it was perfect to pair with the caponata, which none of us have ever had but we all enjoyed. For my dinner I decided to get the truffled ricotta ravioli. My friends also all got pasta dishes as well. I can't speak for them but my truffled ricotta ravioli was amazing. It's everything I thought it would be and more. The truffle was not too overpowering but still complimented the dish and the sauce wasn't too heavy. I would go back there for the ravioli itself! This place would also be cute for a date night as inside seems like the perfect setting. Although a lot of the items on the menu are pretty pricey the food was worth it. Next time I think I would skip the drinks though!
#REVIEW#Great Food & Atmosphere!Excellent location for meeting up with friends, family or a date! From the moment you walk in the door it feels dark, cozy and welcoming, with low lighting. The lighting underneath the bar actually resembles round ship portals. The dining area is the familiar wooden tables and chairs, with some booth seating on one side. The gnocchi is the owner's grandmother's recipe, definitely worth trying! The truffle pasta is also amazing! This is the kind of place you keep coming back to.
#REVIEW#Came here on a Tuesday night at 8 and it was crowded so we sat at the bar to wait to be seated. I recommend the jalapeno cocktail. We were seated after 20-30 minutes (we had an 8:15 reservation) and the waiter was super friendly. We got a bottle of wine, calamari, pork belly with figs, carbonara, and truffle ravoili. Everything was amazing, even the bread they bring out was so fresh. I love this place and its very cute and affordable for a date night.
#REVIEW#Fantastic food, warm atmosphere and amazing value. If you are in New York this is definitely worth a visit. Order the Carbonara...
#REVIEW#* Great food* Great wine* Gluten free pasta is available * Service minded staff* Very busy, make a reservation
#REVIEW#A friend recommended a visit here for our one night in NYC to celebrate our engagement. Crispo was cozy, warm, and welcoming. We started off with the to-die-for Garlic Bread. My fiancé's mouth dropped after the first bite in aw of how great it was. We finished the loaf in like a minute! For the main dish we ordered pasta, as Crispo is know for that. I got the Rigatoni with sausage, peas and such. Fiancé got the Duck Carbonara. If I'm being honest the pasta deserves 3 stars. Nothing stuck out special to me, I've had better, but I've also had worse. I'd say the garlic bread really sealed the deal only. This place is great for atmosphere and I would definitely recommend you to try it, don't skimp on the garlic bread though! The service was also good, they took the hint we were planning to take our time and did not rush us. That always is a plus in my opinion!
#REVIEW#Always delicious! There are some great vegetarian options that are full of flavor and well portioned. We started off with the burrata with warm eggplant. It was delicious!! The service is attentive and give great advice if you are struggling to decide between several items on the menu. I love tomato sauce and got the rigatoni with kale and ricotta in a tomato sauce. My partner got the steak ravioli and was really impressed with the flavors. While it has been a while since I was here last, it has made a lasting impression. I'll definitely be back.
