#NAME#Adrienne's Pizzabar
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/adriennes-pizzabar-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,italian,beerbar#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#What a great spot on a little street. Pizza old fashion was awesome. It's got such a great vibe. Beer was brilliant and staff very nice. It's loud and shared tables but what a nice time. Definitely a-place I will go back to when down town with friends and family. I recommend it.
#REVIEW#My friend and I got the old fashioned pizza with mushroom, garlic, and sausage as extra toppings. Each topping costs $2-$4 so the total came out to be around $34. It was a bit pricey for a pizza but I didn't realize how big it was until the waiter came out with it. The pizza was enough for two of us and we even took some of it to go. I strongly recommend choosing garlic for topping because it made the pizza even more flavorful. The restaurant also has a great ambiance, perfect for any occasions!
#REVIEW#This place has been on my "To Try" list for a while now, and we finally got to it tonight. So glad we did! It's a bustling little place with very attentive staff. We were seated immediately, even though I wasn't sure there were seats...but waitstaff just whisked a table clean and we were ushered into it seamlessly.We already knew we wanted an Old Fashioned Red, no extras. My husband got a Brooklyn Lager, which he enjoyed in a tall, skinny glass. I had a cranberry juice because, hey, I'm evidently 90 years old. In short order, our fresh pie was steaming in front of us, and we couldn't wait to dig in. The best word for our experience was "fresh" -- the red sauce tasted like fresh tomatoes just out of the garden. The cheese tasted freshly made, and so did the dough. It was simple yet striking, and we devoured that pie like the animals we are. Yeah, baby, that's how you do it!Again, attentive staff. Clean space. Fresh food. We will be back!
#REVIEW#One Monday I had a craving for a pizza from this place.  It was my first time in at over 7 years eating here. I don't eat here because they don't sell individual slices so I have to get friends to join me. It's one of the best thin slices of pizza I have had. But in this case I was alone so I ordered a cheese calzone for $13 and it was huge. Just by looking at it, I was like I can't finish this but the cheese and the bread was divine that I ended up eating the whole thing. I definitely want to come back for happy hour which ends at 6pm on weekdays, I believe. If any of my Yelp friends are in the downtown Fidi area hit me up so we can enjoy some awesome pizza.
#REVIEW#This above average recommendation is going directly towards the experience we had. Beautiful patio in the rear of the building, creating a traditional street environment. The pizza was high quality, although wished there were more pizza options, and also definitely recommend their wine selection. Enjoyed the lively atmosphere overall.
#REVIEW#Came here before a show at Pier 17 with my boyfriend and had a great meal. We shared a Caesar salad and the old fashioned pizza with half pepperoni, half sun-dried tomatoes and basil. It was way too much for the two of us but we did our best. Everything was delicious and the outdoor patio seating was really nice. Definitely want to return with more friends so I can try more pizza!!
#REVIEW#I had originally planned to meet up with a friend to eat outside, enjoy the nice weather and catch up... but when we arrived at around 5:30pm today, sitting indoors was the better bet. Was selfishly disappointed at how crowded and loud the outdoor area was... but the whole city was probably just out celebrating the beginning of MDW, can't blame them.We got the margherita pizza to share and it was just ok. A little too salty (and watery?) at first bite but it progressively got better. The complimentary bread was very doughy and better than most but the carbs on carbs was a little too much. I also ordered the Hennylicious (cocktail) which was very good.In terms of service, waiters and busboys were a little TOO attentive and I felt like we were constantly being rushed by them. They took away our oil/vinaigrette for the bread before we were even done, cleaned up the napkin I was still using, and asked us multiple times if we were done with our food when we were clearly still working on it. There were a couple of other tables available and no wait outside... not sure what the hurry was. Still, I'd return to try out one of their famous square pies, and maybe during an off hour when it's not too crazy out front.
#REVIEW#Cute alley with lots of options! We ate outside in the middle of the street. We shared the small antipasto, which was still big with lots of meat, veggie and cheese/olive options. It came with thicker baguette style bread. We shared the Romana- prosciutto and arugula pizza and margarita preferred the romana. Overall, we had too much food for 4 people, but enjoyed it all!
#REVIEW#Ate at the bar, excellent experience. Bartender attentive and helpful. Bruschetta and margaritta pizza were outstanding. New York style crust. Full bar with lots of good bourbon and scotch choices. Nice craft beer list on tap and bottle.
#REVIEW#Super busy sit down pizzabar that we felt we were being rushed. Seating is tight. Pizza didn't wow me. Liked the beer tower but their prices are high. Service was spotty. Gets super loud. A good spot for families but not sure for wee little ones.
#REVIEW#Couldn't get the pizza cause there weren't slices available.   Had the brick oven baked lasagna which was super over salted.  It's unfortunate since all the elements such as meat, cheese, pasta, marinara and basil were all perfect.  Good portion size and well priced.  Another debacle was that it was slightly cold in the center when I cut into it.
#REVIEW#This pizza is solid. One bite score: 8.4. IT's a bit pricey and the wait can be a bit long if your party is more than 2 people. Wait: We waited about 30 minutes for a table for 3... that never happened. We have to settle for the bar seating. Food: I read in a review to get the pizza well done. They intentionally undercook their pizza because of the volume they make. So ask them to leave it in the oven for a bit longer to make it extra crispy. First couple of slices were total bomb. It definitely got soggy toward the end but still good pizza. I recommend eating it quickly before it gets soggy. Also the sausage pie was definitely more well done than the pepperoni. The pepperoni wasn't very crispy when it came straight out of the oven. Would come back. Good pizza. 5/5. TLDR: 8.4 but get it well done.
#REVIEW#Slam dunk.  Great service great pizza and food server quickly.  This was awesome.  Great option. We fed 7 for 111 in NyC
#REVIEW#So full disclosure, I lived in Italy for 14 years and I went to NYC intending to evaluate New York pizza in a vacuum, but honestly the Old Fashioneds Pizza was great by any standard even delivered.Will definitely go again when I'm back NYC
#REVIEW#I'm a bit confused as to what the old fashioned pizza here wants to be.  It's not doughy and spongey like a Sicilian slice, and it's not thin with a nice chew like a Neapolitan slice.  It's somewhere in between in thickness but the dough tasted soggy.  The generous topping is what covered up the underwhelming crust.  Eh, not worth all that calories.
#REVIEW#Straight forward menu but still can customize to your liking. We ordered white and red sauce traditional pizza and it didn't disappoint us. The dough and crust were in between thin and thick. It can hold up your sauce and toppings without sagging the dough. They don't skimp on toppings at all!
#REVIEW#This is a location I never miss when visiting NYC. Love the food and ambience! Service is great. Our personal favorites : 12" Margherita Pizza with basil and the Stuffed Shells
#REVIEW#Great food with above average service.  Will definitely be back. Roman's pizza was delicious.
#REVIEW#I was looking up highly-rated pizza joints near the area of Wall Street and the 9-11 Museum, where we planned to spend the morning. Adrienne's came up and I liked the idea that it was in an area called the Stone St. District - an old cobblestone street that they've turned into a drinking and dining venue.In dozens of reviews, I'd read about the Old Fashioned pizza. It comes in a rectangular pan about the size of a cookie sheet. It's kind of in-between thick and thin crust. The base price is $25 (crushed tomatoes, homemade mozzarella and parmesan). Toppings cost between $2 - $6 per additional topping. At first I thought that sounded REALLY expensive! But my husband, my two teens and I shared one with pepperoni and sausage and we felt like it was enough. It's possible that some of us could have eaten another slice, but the size it came in still left us satisfied. It's definitely a different style of pizza than the typical New York thin crust slice but we all enjoyed it.
#REVIEW#Had a delicious lunch at Adrienne's Pizzabar on Thursday afternoon. My only true complaint is the price, but it is definitely worth the splurge now and again.Quality: Adrienne's Pizzabar serves up some extremely delicious pizza. I shared a Pepperoni and Mushroom Pie, which added a good mix of texture and savory to the pizza. They do square pies with near perfect crust. Crispy, yet just doughy enough to add softness to each bite. I could have used a bit more cheese, but other than that not too much to complain about.Quantity: A Pie is easily enough for three, maybe four.Value: $26 for an Old Fashioned Pie with extra Toppings between $2 and $6 more.Ambiance: Adrienne's Pizzabar is located in the FiDi of Manhattan. The large shop stretches across a long row of restaurants and bars. When you enter they have a bar along the left wall and then tables and high tops along the right. A few televisions sit in the corners of the bar. They also have tables set up outdoors for nicer days. There is not too much to their decor and if there was music it was drowned out by the sound of the kitchen and guests. Crowd: A busy place, but large enough that it can handle a good sized lunch crowd.Service: They move quick, so it makes for an easy lunch spot.Parking: Difficult to find nearby parking.
