#NAME#Maialino
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/maialino-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian,breakfast_brunch,bars#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#Definitive experience to share, for the richness of flavor, for its peculiarity in presenting the diversity of pork dishes, an atmosphere full of energy, a family home party.Una experiencia definitiva para compartir, por la riqueza de sabor, por su peculiaridad al presentar la diversidad de platillos de puerco, una atmosfera llena de energia, una fiesta familiar hogareña.
#REVIEW#Overall: 4.25; Food: 4; Atmosphere: 4.5; Service: 4One of the few places I never mind repeating.Food: 4 Really great pastas that are cooked and seasoned well. Authentic and not trying to be too fancy. They flavor they capture is fantastic. Also -- great expanded brunch menu. The brunch used to focus on pastas, but now includes a variety of sweet dishes and pastries. The Malfatti pasta is my favorite.Atmosphere: 4.5Elevated rustic. Sophisticated vibe without feeling stuffy. A nice place to take friends or guests without overspending or being too flashy.
#REVIEW#Our last dinner here was a let down from the usual excellence.  The cacio e pepe was over-salted.  The carbonara was far too al dente and not cooked with attention, with pieces clumped together as if my middle school nephew had made it.  The tortelli didn't sit right with our taste buds, seemingly too heavy on butter and balsamic.   That said, the bolognese was still good.  The duck was a pleasant surprise, but came at a marked-up price.
#REVIEW#We came here for my brother's birthday since it was featured on an episode of Empire.Honestly the place feels like an old money NYC spot. If you feel like spending some $$$ on Italian food then this place ain't too shabby!Loves:+ Food is good. The Maialino al Forno ($58 suckling pig & rosemary potatoes) is a must order since it's their staple (and hello, name is in the dish!). Cavatelli ($29) and Polpo ($23 octopus) were great too. Malfatti ($29) is good but not on par with others.+ Nice staff.+ Front part of restaurant is more casual than back part.Not so love:- We opted to get our pastas with the suckling pig, which meant we had to wait longer after our appetizer was done.- Pricier than other Italian places (duh).Overall, it was a pleasant experience here! I found the food very good but I also find that there are lots of good Italian spots in this city.Treat yourself out here if you feel like it, but if $$$ is tighter you can find comparable good food elsewhere.P.S. Tip is already included regardless of party size. I don't see this as a bad or good thing but worth the mention.
#REVIEW#Superb environment, professional service, and wonderful food.It's is our first time to visit it last night and we ordered seared octopus, squid ink pasta and roasted duck breast.Lovely experience, definitely will come here more often!
#REVIEW#This restaurant is absolutely stunning with a very rustic modern Italian ambiance. The staff is very friendly. It's fine dining but you can feel the comfort of the welcoming servers and it's more casual than most fine dining restaurants. We had the burrata which was very flavorful alongside some roasted peppers and grilled bread. We added a side of balsamic to complete the flavors. For entrees we tried the duck breast and Malfetti and they were both award winning dishes. The duck breast was extremely tender in a light reduction sauce. The malfetti has soft suckling pig shreds and was made in a light buttery sauce topped with arugula. One of the best pasta dishes I've ever had. Of course we had to conclude with the award winning tiramisu, absolutely decadent, airy and very light. Extremely well done, Maialino.
#REVIEW#Whoa - I'd say one of the best Italian spots in NYC. GREAT pastas and great selection of wine too. The service was on point and loved the ambiance. I would recommend making a reservation - could be a wait. Things I ordered:-  PolpoSeared Octopus, Potato, Celery & Red Onion (must get)- Tartare*Raw Elysian Fields Lamb, Egg Yolk, Caper & Black Truffle (must get) - TaglioliniSquid Ink Pasta, Crab, Chili & Basil- MalfattiBraised Suckling Pig & Arugula- Maialino al FornoSlow-Roasted Suckling Pig & Rosemary Potatoes (must get)
#REVIEW#Came here with two high school friends along with a mutual friend for dinner after some skin treatment sessions! We had a reservation so we were immediately seated upon arrival.Let's talk about the decor first. Upon entering, the interior was quite classy and warm. The furniture was wooden, comfortable ambiance, and overall just great vibes. Definitely can wear casual clothing and feel at place here.Dishes wise, we got the Cacio E Pepe (as highly recommended on Yelp), Polpo, and the individual portion of specialized Malfatti. I really loved the Cacio E Pepe as the sauce was super flavorful and the spaghetti was cooked perfectly. I could really taste the pecorino in the sauce and the eggs gave it such a nice, smooth texture. I also really liked how the sauce wasn't so heavy so that you wouldn't get tired of eating it.I don't eat octopus so I can't comment on the Polpo, but I must say that the special Malfatti was quite dry and also lacking of flavor. The texture was there as there's some frying involved in the dish, but otherwise it was a big hunk of meat with minimal seasoning and lots of oil. I probably wouldn't get this dish again and just settle for the pastas.I aim to come back here for the brunch as I hear their ricotta pancakes are absolutely sublime! But overall, the dinner here is decent, just get their pastas.
#REVIEW#Had another enjoyable business travel/solo meal in the bar area. Always solid service at USG Restaurants. 5 star service here always. Food is always good, too, but definitely made better by the remarkable service.
#REVIEW#I recently hosted a large dinner event in Maialino's private dining room and it was a success.   The restaurant is situated in the Gramercy Park Hotel  and the dining room is set in the back of the restaurant &  very secluded.  Their site says the private room can accommodate up to 24 guests - we were a group of 15 and it was plenty spacious.   I think a group of 18 - 20 would be ideal for the space.  Any more would probably feel cramped.    For a private meal, they do a 4 course family style feast, and there are add-ons available.  It was $150 per person without any add-ons.  Overall the food was good, but the standout dishes we selected were the following:  Second Course - Pasta:  the ravioli and tagliatelle bolognese;  Main course - the chicken with spicy sauce;  Sides - the carrots and polenta were good;  Dessert - tiramisu.   I was not crazy about the sea bass from the mains or the lemon cake with pine nuts.   The first course appetizers were just good/average.    Our server Joe was very attentive and took good care of us the entire time.    The only things that could have made the event better were if the room had its own coat closet and if they had brought out more of the ravioli.  It also seemed that they neglected to put enough of the food plates down at the end of the table near the door (where I was sitting).    I'd definitely like to come back to the restaurant for just a regular dinner with friends.    It's a nice neighborhood and the restaurant had a good, busy crowd.
#REVIEW#Maialino is a fantastic brunch spot for groups, dates, or friends. It has a classic, traditional feel to the interior, with dark wood and white tablecloths. I had the cacio e pepe eggs which were fluffy and creamy! Very peppery though, be warned. The bacon is also covered in pepper but is delicious, crunchy on the outside and has so much flavor. The sausage was also great but definitely has a kick to it. The lattes were perfectly creamy and delicious, and the service was absolutely fantastic. I drink a LOT of water and constantly need a refill- our waiter was phenomenal knowing when to fill up my glass every time. Maialino is a no-tipping restaurant so the price on the menu is the price you pay! I will absolutely be back because next time I HAVE to get those famous pancakes :)
#REVIEW#I came here for breakfast with my mom and we both loved the ambience of this restaurant.I ordered the porchetta panini and my mom got the cotechino. Both were so delicious and we finished every bite.The biscuit of the cotechino was incredible, you can really taste the pecorino cheese.The porchetta was very flavorful, super moist and tender.I definitely recommend coming early and trying their breakfast.Ordered the croissant on a whim and it was excellent. It is super buttery and flaky.
#REVIEW#I wanted to love this place, especially at the price point, but it did not meet expectations. The brunch entrees were underwhelming. While all the portions were very small & expensive, the frittata was the smallest portion by far and lacked flavor. The Cotechino also lacked flavor, although people at our table enjoyed the Contadino. I will say, the ricotta pancakes were the best I've had and came with a delicious marmalade. The pastries were also fantastic. Service was decent. Overall, it's a pretty spot, but underwhelming for the price point.Also, on a service note, we very, very politely asked our male serve if we could order pasta at 11:45 AM (they start serving pasta at 12:00 PM) and the waiter said "is it 12 yet?" It was completely unprofessional and rude. A simple no, I'm sorry, or no would you like to order another drink or appetizer and we can put in your order at noon would have been fine.
#REVIEW#Just left the restaurant after a delicious lunch. Noise level low so I could have a civilized conversation with my husband. Our waiter Shawn was fantastic!!  Of particular note was Katie Bruestle, the dining room manager, who made sure our lunch was exceptional. She is the best representative of a business ever. I would go to this restaurant again just to see Katie.
#REVIEW#Consistently delicious - can't miss trattoria- awesome pastas - if you like pork don't skip  this place!
#REVIEW#As far as Italian restaurants go, Maialino was par for the course. Not the worst but not the best. They couldn't find my reservation the first go around but eventually found it. Service was excellent but the drinks were subpar. Started off with the Insalata which was phenomenally prepared, not overly dressed. The pasta dishes were prepared al dente with the Malfatti having suckling pig that you should not overlook. All in all, good meal with good service.
#REVIEW#I didn't eat lunch the day of so I was starving.  First of all, our reservation wasn't until 8:45p and our table was ready at 8p.  The wait staff was absolutely amazing.  The food was great.  My date had the lamb and we both agreed that it was a bit on the salty side, nothing I couldn't devour.  I opted for the Fettuccine and it was full of flavor and so filling and hearty.  He also agreed that it was very good. The ambience is amazing and very intimate.  Only thing is that there is no music so it was a bit odd during our quiet moments.  I would most def go here again.  And the wine was delicious.  First date went well and he was very impressed with my selection.
#REVIEW#First impressions are always the ones that stick, and one of the first impression we had unaminously is the ridiculous booth table seating. The table was too close to the seat and the seat itself was too long for my shorter friends. This meant those who are 5'5" and under had to either scoot forward and slouch or lean back and dangle their feet while struggling to eat without dropping anything from plate to mouth. The 4 of us had trouble sitting comfortably because all our feet were colliding each others', and we were essentially playing footsie throughout the whole meal. The solution was to have one of us spread their legs and have the party across clamp together their legs. It's the most unladylike meal we had.Onto the food... The appetizers were more delicious than the pasta dishes. I suggest ordering the octopus, tripe, and burrata, and skipping the pasta. The crispy pig (al forno) was all right, nothing to write home about. It's better than the Spanish chicharron, so that's a plus. The major letdown of the meal was the dessert--lemon torta. What happened to the lemon flavor?? It was 90% cream, 5% pine nuts, and 5% lemon, and it really is just a hint of lemon. I don't recommend getting this, especially when you love lemon like I do, but if you do you're basically getting ready for a plate of disappointment.
#REVIEW#Amazing wine list. Excellent service.  Fun, casual ambience.  Most importantly, DELICIOUS food!!! Can't wait to go back when we are in town again.
#REVIEW#This place seated us even when our party didn't arrive. I'm impressed (esp since most places don't). Lovely location, lovely decor, the right kind of chic vibe. Brunch is just perfect here.The Italian greyhound is nice. The grapefruit does justice and you pretty much don't get the accompanying vermouth-ish liquor. Spinach ricotta croissant - Coffee keeps getting refilled.  The malfatti is possibly one of the best pastas I have ever had. You can tell they made the pasta with a great deal of finesse. The pork melts in your mouth and it beautifully adds to the flavor of the dish. Will return just for this! Oh and I LOVED the Verde juice. The hint of fennel with kale just crushed it. Great place :) will come much more!
