#NAME#Luke's Lobster Upper East Side
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lukes-lobster-upper-east-side-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#My husband and I were in the City to celebrate my 50th birthday last week. We spent a rainy Monday morning having a private tour of The Met and then we were in the mood for a lobster roll so hubby Yelped it and we came up with this place based on the great reviews. We were not disappointed. The staff is super friendly and helpful, the rolls were incredible and the chowder was the perfect comfort food for the day. Don't let the casual ambiance fool you, the menu offerings are not inexpensive, but they are super high quality and portions are generous. Everything was so good that we will make sure to visit this Luke's location every time we visit Manhattan.
#REVIEW#Gimme the LOBSTAH!!! Had my first taste of Luke's Lobster while visiting New York, and I've gotta say that it was pretty impressive. This particular shop is conveniently located right in the heart of the Upper East Side just a few blocks down from Museum Mile. I stopped here to grab some lunch before heading over to the Met Museum. The interior is very cozy but also quite charming. There isn't a ton of seating inside but it's still a comfortable space to enjoy your meal. The gentleman at the counter was very helpful and explained the menu options to me in full detail. After perusing the menu, I finally settled on Luke's Trio which comes with  1/2 crab,  1/2 lobster, and  1/2 shrimp rolls, a side soup, and a drink. For my side soup, I chose their seasonal lobster corn chowder.  This entire meal was lip smacking GOOD! The rolls came seasoned and filled with an adequate amount of seafood. All of these rolls were served cold which isn't usually my preferred choice, but they were all pretty tasty. The crab roll was hands down the best of the three! It had a nice buttery flavor and the clumps of fresh crab were just perfect. I also really enjoyed the lobster corn chowder. The chowder was hearty and filled with large chunks of lobster and potatoes that practically melted in my mouth. Yep, that chowdah was very yummy! Although I really enjoyed everything, I felt that the portion sizes were quite small, especially for the half rolls. I know that they're only half rolls, but they seemed like kiddie sized portions. I do, however, feel like the trio meal was a great deal for everything that was included. But if I could change just one thing, it would be to increase the size of their rolls because they're damn good and I want MORE!!! Aside from that, everything else was perf. They recently opened a Luke's Lobster in my hood, but I'm kind of afraid to try it because nothing really compares to the original. Glad that I finally got to get a taste of that good ol' lobstah!
#REVIEW#Fantastic lobster and shrimp roll place, tucked in on side street. They now do French fries (previously only potato chips as a side).  There are a few tables / booths, can maybe seat 20 ish people in total. The Maine ginger beer has a good kick to it and is a great refreshing drink to wash it all down. Go for a "combo" which includes the shrimp or lobster roll, a drink and a side. I think it's $12 for shrimp and $20 for lobster. - Saw then wearing funny T-shirts today, front was a Darth Vader rip off which said "Luke, I am your lobster", and back said "Lob-star Wars" ha ha
#REVIEW#My absolute fav freaking chain restaurant. Holy crap I cannot rave about this place enough. Mr. Luke, wherever you are, God bless you. I love the food here. Some might say I am addicted. I say I have a deep appreciation for delicious and quick seafood. My favorite item has to be the lobster truffle roll. It's just ridiculously good. Mind blowing. My most frequent order is the shrimp roll because 1. It's the second best tasting thing there and 2. I'm broke af and can't afford $20+ lobster rolls all the time lol. I've tried everything at Luke's. All recommended but the winter items just hit different man. Get em while they're still out. Anyway enough of me gushing over this place. The food is amazing, the overall brand is awesome (can't beat sustainability) and Luke's Lobster just makes me all warm and happy.
#REVIEW#A super cute little spot in the Upper East Side. We were craving lobster rolls and had heard this place was great; and I love it when the reputation is right! We got a jumbo lobster roll with fries and an order of the lobster dip. The roll was filled to the brim with juicy, delicious lobster, perfectly seasoned. The roll wasn't quite a roll, which was different, but it was tasty, so I wasn't bothered.   The lobster dip was hot and creamy, and though it only came with regular kettle chips (I would have preferred bread, but I love carbs), it was amazing. The whole meal was pretty rich though (as in taste, but also a bit pricey as most lobster tends to be), so I'd make sure I was really in the mood and also coming in on an empty stomach!
#REVIEW#So good! My gf got the lobster roll and I got the crab roll. Both were GREAT! The fries were also really good (and I LOVED the ketchup lol). It wasn't very busy and we ordered to go, but still ended up waiting about 20 minutes even though there wasn't anyone ahead of us. There were a couple deliveries that left while we were there so that may be why. Prices seemed kind of steep, but worth it with the fries (same price as if you get it with chips). They were also not skimpy with the meat and put plenty of crab in mine to make me feel like the price was worth it. I thiiiiink it was $18 for the crab roll with fries and a soda, a few bucks more if you want lobster. The roll itself was not huge, but probably the portion I should get used to eating.
#REVIEW#All you need to know is that for under 30 bucks, you can get an amazing lobster roll (without mayo if you want, which I appreciated) and a large lobster bisque soup. For a qua lobster meal in NYC, I can't think of anywhere that rivals that price. I will definitely be back!
#REVIEW#Finally finally finally I made it to Luke's and it was amazing!! My boyfriend and I got a couple things to try, a regular lobster roll and the combo that comes with a lobster roll, half a lobster tail, and lobster bisque. Everything was so delicious! The rolls were full of huge juicy pieces of lobster that melt in your mouth, the lobster tail is perfect for dipping in butter, and the soup was so flavorful! This location is pretty small, we saw a lot of people take food to go, but we were lucky enough to snag a booth in the corner and it was perfect! Food may seem a bit pricey but for the freshness of lobster you are getting and considering you are in NYC it's pretty reasonable. Only thing I regret is not trying this place sooner!
#REVIEW#Not impressed. Had the lobster roll, crab roll and lobster bisque. The lobster and crab roll were bland, lacking flavor. The bisque was not good. Had two spoonfuls and tossed the rest.
#REVIEW#While visiting New York City we yelped this location and we walked over from Met Museum. It's a small little joint with great food we enjoyed our visit.
#REVIEW#Fine if you're in the immediate area but not likely worth the walk from Central Park unless you have more to do in the area.  Modest seafood at a modest price considering everything.
#REVIEW#Been going to Luke's for a few years now. Not an everyday or every week thing but when I need my fix I need my fix. Decor: small with tons of nautical decorations. Think the inside of a shrimp boat but waaaaaay cleaner. Service: quick and courteous. Can't ask for much more then that. Food: I've had a good amount of stuff on their menu and I have yet to be disappointed. The lobster rolls and crab rolls are the best I've had. Their seasonal lobster grilled cheese is AMAZING! The soups are amazing. Word to the wise...get a roll (or grilled cheese if it's available) and a soup and dip the roll in the soup! Thank me later. Misc: the one and only issue I have with Luke's is the price. I get it. Lobster is expensive I guess. BUT as good as the food is, I never feel good about leaving out of their when I've run up a $60-$80 tab and only have 4 items. Otherwise, you will NEVER go wrong with a Luke's run. Until next time...
#REVIEW#Very nice spot to grab a quick and delicious lunch! I was looking for a decent place to get a good lobster roll and Luke's is it. Friendly service made me feel welcome and by the looks of the customers, there's a lot of regulars that come here.  It was hard to make a decision but I went with the sampler of lump crab, lobster, and shrimp. Each one delivered and was so good! Since I never get lobster rolls as I'm from the Pac NW I was genuinely happy with what I got here. Seating is a little limited but nothing crazy small. The bathroom is pretty small too and did make it challenging to change my sons diaper as there's no changing table.. but other than that I really don't have any complaints.
#REVIEW#We had heard of this place but never got a chance to visit. One day while out and about we decided to stop in the Upper East side Location. We knew parking would be crazy as it's on 81st. St. so we called ahead (glad we did). We ordered 2 of Luke's Trio which is  1/2 Lobster Roll, 1/2 Crab Roll, 1/2 Shrimp Roll. All were really good. I plan on returning for a complete meal.The place is small and it's in the block so you have to pay attention if you're driving or you will miss it. The young lady working the counter that night (9/22/18) gets a thumbs up for her customer service.
#REVIEW#As a lover of seafood and fan of Luke's in multiple locations, I'm happy that 2nd Ave train construction is a thing of the past. Now I can happily put this location back in rotation.With a very small space that has been recently re-molded and expanded we had an intimate crowd for this event. Joined by Ben (co-founder) Darren (GM) Margot (PR) and the lovely staff. We learned about the history, growth, and mission of Luke's Lobster. Established in 2009/2010 there are now 29 locations in total and they are also now international, with locations in Japan and Taiwan.  Luke's pride themselves on their sustainability practices and the established alliances they have with fishermen and docks.This was a very nice event and after Ben passionately explained the process to us he graciously took our orders of what ever we picked from the menu. Sadly I order the same thing I always get... Luke's trio. It's gives you the opportunity to have all three of their rolls... Shrimp, Lobster and Crab.  It was delish the only sad part was that I didn't try anything new.Thank you to Ben, Darren, Margot, all of Luke's Lobsters staff.
#REVIEW#Small place but really comfortable and cozy to eat the best lobster roll !!!I ordered the jumbo lobster roll with french fries, they were fresh & meaty.Also the bottled blueberry soda was tasty as well. ( where can I purchase it by myself ??? )I should make remarks about the wonderful employees there.Both a male & female ones were nice and friendly with warm-hearted attitudes.Especially lady called JODY, she was so helpful & smart.Thanks to her great service I could enjoy my meal perfectly !!!!!Hope to visit soon again.
#REVIEW#The food is amazing hands down!!!! Just wish it was MORE . Customer service was good as well.
#REVIEW#Gotta love Luke's! Everything I have had at all of the Luke's locations  has been delicious. The lobster rolls are fresh and juicy, the lobster bisque is drool worthy. My new favorite combo is a crab roll and a half lobster tail, which comes out to just about the same price as my old favorite, the lobster roll...and you get the best of both worlds. This location itself was a lot less crowded than I was used to, which probably was due to the time I stopped in (closer to 4PM) and the staff was super friendly (shout out to the manager! He was great!) Happy hour seems to be running an all day promotion, not sure the details- I would have partook but had to head back to work, but yay for $3 beer and wine!
#REVIEW#I first discovered Luke's through a Yelp Elite event where I met the co-founder Ben. Immediately, I was blown away by Ben's passion for lobster. The other thing that I really liked was hearing Ben talk about how Luke's prioritizes sustainability and quality, using only local Maine fisherman who fish for lobster ethically. I had such a lovely experience at Luke's Lobster that evening (not even a week ago) that I've been back twice since. The funny part is, before coming here, I really did not appreciate lobster. Now, I've had lobster three times in the last week. I came back once with a friend for drinks and food and once by myself. Both times, the food was delicious. I tried the lobster grilled cheese which was very good, but honestly, the lobster roll is the best thing here. The lobster here is fresh, sweet and tasty. It is noteworthy that the lobster roll really lets the lobster shine through, without fillers or too much mayo or seasoning. The lobster is perfectly buttered and peppered without masking the true flavor of the lobster. Thanks, Luke's (Ben and staff) for turning me ont to the beauty of lobster!
#REVIEW#SUMMARY: GET THE CLAM chowder!!! If u enjoy cold served seafood this might be the place for u. I was really disappointed coming here. I really thought I would enjoy the food. However, I was mistaken. We ordered the trio (we thought if we ordered the trio we would get the best of both worlds because we would get to try out so many things and we would be able to split it.) First thing I want to point out is that the lobster,shrimp and crab are served cold. I assumed we were ordering a hot meal instead they gave us what looks like toppings to put on a salad inside a piece of bread. The trio is SO small but it looks filling if you're into cold seafood. Please look at image for reference. However, the clam chowder was kinda tolerable, I'm so happy that the waitress recommended it because I took two bites of that trio and my stomach did not like it at all. Waste of $30 in my opinion. If you want good seafood I recommend bubba gump.
