#NAME#Secchu Yokota
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/secchu-yokota-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese#RATING#5.0
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#I had a weekend away from Baltimore to visit NYC. I had to choose one restaurant for a special dinner to celebrate the gf's birthday. I picked Secchu Yokota. It was the best decision i could have made. Everything here was done gracefully and perfectly. We have never had tempura omakase before and this place truly redefined tempura for us. The service was Michelin star caliber; our waters were filled immediately, a drop of soy sauce was promptly wiped away, and every dish was delightfully explained. The chefs were masterful in their preparation and also quite personable. We had really entertaining conversations about Anthony Bourdain. Finally, the restaurant put together a specially little show for the birthday surprise and that was much appreciated. The ambience is quite casual and not austere or stoic, which is a nice deviation from traditional sushi counter restaurants. Overall, this place is a gem and has the potential to truly excel. I wouldn't be surprised if this becomes a Michelin Star restaurant in a year or two
#REVIEW#*full disclosure: i am not a luxury diner*Came here for a special occasion and had the most amazing meal!! I didn't even know tempura omakase was a thing but -- why wouldnt it be??By my count we had 10 tempuras & an uni one (for an extra charge). They were all astounding but my top three would have to be: shrimp, belt fish, and crab in that order. The shrimp highlighted everything perfect about shrimp in general and was a reminder as to why i fell in love with shrimp to begin with. It was my first time having belt fish and although i don't generally care for fish, this one was just the perfect texture and just bouncy enough. And crab, well, i love crab. I feel that with these kind of "set meals" there are bound to be a dish or two you don't care much for, but i thorougly enjoyed every piece of the meal and was also pleasantly quite full at the end.
#REVIEW#Cuisine: 9Service: 10Decor: 9Value: 10Overall: 10This is a way overdue review since I have been a regular from when they first opened. Last night, I was there again, and as usual, had a fantastic time. There were four of us, but we ended up chatting with the other two groups and restaurant staff as well. Secchu Yokota is built perfectly for this type of situation, a warm family vibe where everyone is greeted with hugs.A small eight seat bar (2 seatings per night) overlooking the entire kitchen where Chef Yokota fries impeccable tempura you will rarely find in NYC, while Chef Nicholas (MC of the night) entertains the crowd with his wisdom and stories. Not to be forgotten are the host/wait staff of Ari and Daimu, who are extremely friendly and attentive.Below is a list of courses from our $100 omakase on 4/23/19. It was magnificent. Add ons are indicted by *** at the end of the course.Appetizers:   Tomato Gazpacho w/ Trout Roe & Olive Oil   Aji (Horse Mackerel) Sashimi,    Chicken & Duck Liver MousseTempura:   Asparagus   Kuruma Ebi (Tiger Prawn)   Shiitake Mushroom   Tachiuo (Belt Fish)   Japanese Eggplant   Hotate (Hokkaido Scallop)   Takenoko (Winter Bamboo)   Mehikari (Green Eyed Fish)   King Crab   Anago (Sea Eel)   Aori Ika (Big Reef Squid)***   Uni (Hokkaido Sea Urchin) ***Entree:   Gyudon - Ribeye Steak w/ Maitake & Shimeji                      Mushrooms over RiceDessert:   Ginger Creme Brûlée - Blood Orange Sorbet,                      Mandarin Orange Compote Gelee,                      Red Beans, White Sesame TuilleMenu changes regularly, but stays consistently excellent. Atmosphere is cozy and always warm, regardless how cold it is outside. The words "neighborhood gem" is often thrown around too loosely. In this case, I would say that it fits Secchu Yokota perfectly. If you just discovered this unique restaurant quietly doing its thing, then don't waste time and go book yourself a reservation now.
#REVIEW#The BEST!  On our second visit we were treated like family by Secchu. It was another amazing experience from start to finish - from the amuse bouche to the blood orange cake. I love the small group setting (8 max) and open kitchen format. The service was super attentive and on point. We opted for the larger, 10 course meal which had 3 additional pieces, but could have done the 7 course and still be pleasantly full. When asked about the menu, Chef Nicholas said that it changes almost everyday and they try to present new dishes to returning customers. We knew we were in for a treat!Every course was tasty, well balanced and flavorful. The tempura was perfectly crisp on the outside and tender on the inside. The dipping salts and sauce were sometimes not even necessary as the tempura process brought out the foods natural flavors. Definitely a repeat and look forward to the next time we join chefs Yokota and Nicholas!
#REVIEW#The best, most authentic Japanese tempura place in NYC. Secchu Yokota is worth the title. Location: Secchu Yokota is right in the 3rd street  a relatively quiet neighborhood at east village. It's great here where they mostly will only have 8 people per hour, where you can truly enjoy the flavor and the atmosphere here. I made reservations few weeks before actually being here.  That's the rule here. and do book it fast because they will run out of seats very fast. Food: we had a more expensive omakasa set where we have 3 more choices of tempura. But before actually enjoying tempura, we have two appetizers- one soup and one salad. It's selected by season so you do have surprises if you come in different seasons. Their tempuras are exceptional - fried food is no longer greasy here. All things maintain their flavors and add a crunch base chewiness at the end. And I am amazed by shima a soup dish which is something I have never tried before but taste so good. Dessert is a must here. Ugh red bean, red bean. You are my magic bean here. Service: exceptionallllll! I just love the fact that they care so much about dining experience here. Overall 10 stars out of 5. It's a must to-go place.
#REVIEW#Secchu Yokota certainly does tempura right, but where they truly excel is in their hospitality! My husband and I entered as strangers with the staff but left as family.Made ressies to Secchu Yokota to celebrate my husband's birthday and was not disappointed! We were there on a Tuesday so it was relatively empty - only 4 of us in the entire restaurant for the later seating. We arrived right on time and the kind host let us choose where we wanted to sit. Our tempura chef was super talkative but also stayed in the background whenever he noted my hubs and I wanted a private convo. He was soooo knowledgeable - not only about the source of the items we were served but just in general! He was a pleasure to talk with.The tempura was perfect - didn't feel awful about eating something fried as normal tempura can be. Just the perfect thin layer of tempura coated all the items so that the true taste of the items could shine - e.g., gigantic Argentinian tiger shrimp. Divine.Towards the end of the night, we had free tastings of sake as well as a special birthday singalong for the bday boy. Left Secchu Yokota with huge hugs from the staff. What a memorable birthday. Thanks so much Seccu Yokota!
#REVIEW#I used to like to go to high quality tempura restaurants in Japan but there was not than many authentic tempura restaurants in the states, so when I found this place I was so dying to try. It was a little hard to make a reservation but I somehow was able to take a spot on my last day in nyc after I put myself on their waiting list. Their tasting menu was either $75 or $100 which was very reasonable. If you go to decent Tempura places in Tokyo, it'll cost about $250 per person for dinner. We ordered $100 course and it consisted of 13 courses including appetizers and desserts. All the food I ate here was amazing and it was pretty filling too. I can't believe they could provide these quality foods with such a reasonable price. I highly recommend this place anyone who wants to have authentic tempura experience and trust me, it's so worth it!
#REVIEW#Absolutely one of the most amazing culinary experiences ever had!! #TempuraOmakase. There are two seatings a night, 6pm and 8:30pm. Each seating seats 8 guests. Atmosphere is intimate, cozy and serene. Service is attentive, polite and friendly. Each dish is pleasant and calming. When I thought the dinner was to end early when I was told the mountain yam tempura was my last dish from Omakase menu, I was quite surprised as I've only had 7 tiny dishes of veggie and seafood tempura so far. Far from being full. I then asked to add uni or upgrade to $100 menu to get three more items. Not a whole lot of stuff but helped. After all ten items were served from Omakase menu, you'd think that's it. NO! It's only the beginning of another amazing culinary journey. Explained in photos. Description of the photo, left to right top down: Spanish mackerel, prawns from Hokkaido, squid, daikon, veggie, eggplant, sea eel, mountain yam, scallop from Hokkaido (sooooo amazing) and king crab from Hokkaido.More to come: chazuke topped with amazing piece of fish full of of flavor and texture, salad with chicken liver, shiitake mushroom puree, seared tuna and amazingly fresh dessert (strawberry, passion fruit sorbet, red beans and panna cotta). HeavenAbsolutely the best tempura omakase dining experience ever. Will come back!
#REVIEW#I've been to my fair share of omakase restaurants, both in Japan and the United States, and Secchu Yokota was definitely one of my favorites.They have two dinner seatings per night and only sit eight people. There are two options for omakase -- $75 and $100, and you can order some extra items a la carte. I went with the $100 omakase and order the uni tempura, which was $18 and a must have.I must say that I'm not usually big on tempura, which Secchu Yokota focuses on, because many places put way too much batter and not enough fresh fish or vegetables. Secchu Yokota is the opposite. The batter was very thin and gave it a perfect layer of crispiness and everything was incredibly fresh. The tempura was of course the focus, but even the non tempura food was delicious.My favorites of the night were the shime, the chicken pate, and uni tempura, the chiayu tempura, and the scallop tempura. Everything was fantastic though and there wasn't a single course I didn't love.They let you bring your own bottles of wine, to which we brought two. They were constantly on top of serving them.The service in general was fantastic! The chefs were very friendly, attentive, and engaging throughout the meal. They are also accommodating to allergies. Their conversation made the experience so wonderful and I'd come back again and again just for that.The atmosphere was also wonderful. It was quiet and intimate yet still had a casual and non pretentious feeling to it. I'd recommend this to anyone who loves Japanese food and will absolutely be back!
#REVIEW#Overall a very solid meal experience. Some of the pieces of the tempura are amazing. Even better than Tempura Matsui. However, the overall atmosphere and some other non-tempura dishes dragged the overall score down to a four star.I think my expectations were also a little high, after dining at Tempura Matsui. I found it hard to find any other tempura places as solid as Matsui. I would say that at Secchu Yokota, the scallop piece is way better than that of Matsui. The service is also very good. However, the dipping sauce, and environment, and some of the non-tempura dishes like the pate dish (salad was very sour), made me believe that Matsui is still better in a lot of the ways. However, food to value wise, this place wins out.Overall I recommend, and would go back again.
#REVIEW#Bang for the buck and quite a delicious meal. The chefs here were super friendly. Ingredients were very fresh and executed well. However, personally I like the thinner tempura batter at Tempura Matsui more.
#REVIEW#Absolutely the best tempura in the town. I found this restaurant from my own research in tempura restaurant after enjoying Tempura Matsui. And this place is even better than Matsui!The interior is warm and cozy at the first place and the environment is very intimate. I had conversations with the chefs and server during the entire dinner which took little over two hours. Every single piece of tempura was perfect and I ended up ordering uni (not in the course) and additional piece of smelt (shisamo).A great place to recommend and hope everyone enjoy at this awesome restaurant.
#REVIEW#I visited this establishment sometime last year.  It's supposed to be one of the best tempura in the city. The restaurant is small and cozy and I believe there are only 8 seats. You have to make a reservation in advance. The tempura really is that good but they only offer an omakase menu. I didn't give it five stars  bc a few dishes that we're not tempura, were just okay.  After your last course, they do ask if you want to order items Al la carte.  It's a nice place to go for a special celebration or if you want to impress your date.
#REVIEW#Uni is very good, but not included in the $100 menu. Lotus root is the best vegetable piece, all the non-vegetable pieces are pretty good.
#REVIEW#This is easily one of the best omakase restaurants in town.  Judging from the consistently raving reviews, I need not mention both the food and the service are excellent.  For those Yelpers who have some issues with the 6 pm and 8:30 pm strict seating policy, hey there is a nice and tranquil small city park across the street, I suggest take a few minutes meditating in that park, then you'll be ready to calmly take your reserved seating.  Their space inside is in fact very very tight (I used to design restaurants so I am saying this from a liability perspective) and consider yourself lucky when you find this "hidden gem."As you can tell from my pictures, I love the food!  While it does not take a Michelin star to find some good tempura in Tokyo, here in New York there used to be a huge void, and then there arrived Tempura Matsui.  I've been to Matsui before it received its Michelin star, and imo, it was even a bit overpriced back then.  Matsui's tempura is more of an equivalent to Tempura Tsunahachi in Tokyo, a non-Michelin star joint, but the price is at least 3x.  Taken all of the above into consideration, $75 or $100 omakase here is totally value."Secchu" kind of means "fusion" in Japanese, and the cuisine here definitely sticks to their east-meets-west philosophy.  Overall, everything tastes great to excellent (and I comment each dish by picture).  (The only thing I could have wished for, is maybe one mushroom tempura or a tempura veggie that's juicy inside to balance the texture.)  In addition to the yummy food, the elegant presentation is another plus.  The grated daikon palate cleanser is so tasty & addictive I can just eat this all day!  What's not to love?
#REVIEW#Reservation highly recommended. 2 seating for dinner 6pm & 830pm only.2 choices of courses $65 and $95 excluding drinks.Restaurant can have 8 guests per seating only so service is personal and atmosphere intimate. First time to experience a tempura based omakase.Everything from start to finish was a delight to my palate. Everything is cooked and prep in front of the guests. Each dish is served with a little background info of where it's sourced and how to eat. Chefs were cool and not snooty.
#REVIEW#I hesitate to write this review only because I don't want to share this wonderful place with anyone. Coming here for dinner feels like going to someone's home for a meal. The staff are all so warm, welcoming, and generous. It's a super relaxed environment. Super cozy. Daim (hope I'm spelling his name correctly) is the loveliest waiter I've ever had the pleasure of being served by. The chef and his wife are such lovely people. So warm and hospitable. Both chefs prepare an excellent experience for us diners. I truly love this place. Quite possibly my favorite dining experience in NYC. I've been here twice. Both times the food was truly amazing. I brought my sister here for her birthday most recently, last week. She'd never been and she had an amazing experience. Totally loved it. We ordered the larger tasting because it's obviously with it. We also added tempura uni to our meal because how can you not? The meals starts with a small mushroom soup which was divine. Then a sashimi dish with pickled/fresh/cooked vegetables. Then the tempura begins. You get a lot for the price. The shiitake mushrooms, Japanese sweet potato, scallop, eel, and smelt were all stand outs. I hate eggplant but even enjoyed that. The final course was duck with Buckwheat risotto which I loved. I was so full by this point but still greatly enjoyed the dessert. Sweet sticky rice cakes with apricots and red bean and a yuzu raspberry ice cream. Every component was delicious. The tempura is perfectly fried and prepared. All the extra touches from the service, to after dinner tea are perfect. Will be back soon for sure.
#REVIEW#I am a Japanese (the country of the origin of Tempura) and say this is THE BEST!Fantastic food and paired drinks suggested by the well-knowledged servers. Even if you do not like sake or never had good experience with sake, ask them what you like. They select the one you most likely love based on your preferred taste. Sake available at restaurants in the U.S. often to be ones with "sake-ish" unique sweet taste. Their selection includes even light-note fresh white wine-ish sake (one with the orange label in the picture). Space and seating were just right to make a comfortably intimate conversation with the chefs and your neighbors. In fact, two unknown couples seating next to each other enjoyed time here and went to a next bar together. (Since I was with an old friend and busy to catch up, it did not happen to me though.)    It is worth to make your schedule to fit 6:00 or 8:30 seating time!
#REVIEW#Wow, this place was a great tempura-ary escape ( :P ). Went for their 8pm seating on a Saturday night. They only have seatings twice a night at (6:30pm I believe) and 8pm since the entire omakase experience is around 2.5 hours. They only seat 8 people per session so would highly recommend making a reservation. We made a reservation a little over a week in advance by calling the restaurant. My friend and I opted for the $75 omakase session (think you can choose between $75 and $100) but still felt pretty full after. I'm honestly not sure how this place is able to price things so cheaply (compared to their main competitor, Tempura Matsui, this place really is a steal). The detail they put into the presentation and sourcing of the food is really amazing. We could also tell that the food had some French influences which makes sense as I believe the chef has some experience with that cuisine. I was really impressed by this place and attention we received. Because they only seat 8 people per session, the waiter and chefs were all very attentive. One nice man would explain each course to us and the chef's wife was really sweet and went around to chat with everyone too. She let us sample the sake before we ordered it and also gave us a free tasting of a different sake that she wanted to share with us. I really hope this place succeeds as it's clear that the chefs and owners really care about creating a warm and authentic experience for everyone. Would definitely recommend trying this place and really believe it deserves all 5 stars it currently has on Yelp.
#REVIEW#Absolutely amazing service and full course menu. Everything was perfectly executed and left me wanting more. The full selection of tempura that day was perfect. Not being a fan of scallops, I was quickly converted to making it my favorite seafood after trying theirs. I could go on about all the dishes but I went in as a surprise not knowing what to expect and that's what made it all the more a better experience. Will come again. Thank you!
