#NAME#Burger & Lobster
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/burger-and-lobster-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafood,burgers#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This place was recommended to us by my coworker, she said it is her go to place, the deal is good and its a generous serving.We ordered calamari for appetizer, combo for 1 which is the lobster, burger fries and salad for $35! (I knowww!) and also orders a lobster roll- the seven samurai, its also good. I ordered grilled lobster for mine, its sweet and juicy, just really good and the creme lemon butter that they serve on the side was delish.  We went on a sunday afternoon, the tables were all taken, but they also offered shared table, we just decided to sit at the bar since there were more space by the bar and i dont want people looking at me digging into my lobster, yep I used my hands (no shame but the lobster was go good it deserve to be eaten with your hands)The burger was great too very juicy, its a 6oz burger. We could just order the combo for 1 for both of us but i did not anticipate their serving size (but that also means i have to share my lobster!) But to sum it up. I highly recommend this place! Definitely will go back, the place where you can find good fresh lobsters in the middle of times square!
#REVIEW#(3.5 stars)I think Burger & Lobster is one of those places you end up going when no one can make a decision about where to eat so the decision making ends with "fine, let's just go to Burger and Lobster then". I came for the first time and to be honest it was exactly what I expected. I came with a group of 5 and we started with an order of calamari. For the entree, I ordered "the original" grilled lobster, which was exactly what I expected. For dessert, we shared the strawberry cheesecake. Everything was good (not amazing) and like many chains, they have everything down to a science. Prices are not cheap but also not too bad.Overall, I wouldn't come to B&L for an amazing culinary experience or to impress anyone. However, it's still a safe option in a pinch and you know exactly what you're gonna get.
#REVIEW#This is the worst lobster I've had in my life. I got the burger and lobster combo deal, and the steamed lobster tasted like sea water. The texture was gross and chewy, kind of like gum, and most definitely NOT what lobster is supposed to taste like. Avoid at all costs. Very disappointed, especially after so many people recommended it to me. Could not see what the hype is about at all.
#REVIEW#Glad burger and lobster opened up in the theater district giving another decent food option in the area. Made a reservation for my group of 7 on yelp. The restaurant had trouble finding the reservation and gave me the impression that the yelp reservations don't get sent over to their main res system or something --- like they have to specifically look out for it. But wasn't an issue, we were sat pretty quick, though at a table that wasn't meant for 7 people. Thankfully, one member of our party cancelled at the last minute so the 6 of us were comfy. But just a heads up to call the morning of your reservation to confirm directly with the restaurant, rather then doing it through yelp.Anyway, we told the waiter we had a 7:30 show so he took our order straight away. Prices are what you would expect of a theater district restaurant. But as I said above, it's actually good food. I shared a po'boy and burger with my friend. Po'boy bread was nice and buttery and the burger perfectly done and juicy. One other heads up for those visiting, don't trust the menu online. We had checked both the prices and items online prior and it turns out both had been changed. But again, overall, good option. We were out by 7:10. So if you want to be able to order more then just a main, allow more time.
#REVIEW#I went to their first restaurant in London - one of my best memories. Cannot believe they opened New York spots too. Totally love from England
#REVIEW#I always come here when I'm craving lobster rolls and this place satisfies my cravings well enough!The Original Lobster Roll is a bit more pricier than the other lobster rolls but it's definitelythe best, so I recommend paying $5 more for this (=$25). It comes with a side of salad and fries so it's extremely filling!Warning: you will definitely get a food coma after this-- trust me!
#REVIEW#Someone (a friend of a friend) claimed this place has the best lobster rolls, so we decided to give it a try during our stay in NYC. All I can say is, I was not impressed! The lobster roll was basically 4 bites of bland lobster on a hard, oily roll. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind paying money for good food -- even if they are in small, dainty servings. But this teeny, tiny lobster roll and mediocre fries and salad was definitely not worth $25 and definitely not "the best lobster roll" I've had. The oysters and drinks were also just ok. Everything just didn't taste authentic.. I can see how this place is popular with the locals, it's super trendy and service is great! However, I don't recommend it to travelers when there are so many other options nearby!
#REVIEW#This place is all types of amazing! For any managers reading, can you take this to headquarters: Open a location in Washington, DC.Any time I am in Manhattan, I try to make it a point to visit Burger and Lobster. First, the burgers are nothing short of juicy, big, and flavorful. I've also tried the lobster rolls - delicious! The chefs are not stingy when it comes to packing the buttery roll with lobster meat. There's light dressing on the roll, so it's not soggy. It's simply perfect.The service has been consistent the few times that I have visited, and each waiter that I have had made me feel welcomed and ensured that I was satisfied with my meal. Lastly, the ambiance - this located is dimly lit as compared to the 19th street location. I would say the vibe is good for girls' night out, or even date night. Again, Burger and Lobster needs to be in the DMV STAT!
#REVIEW#The lobster used to be $20, now it's $30. It's better to spend an extra $5 to get the burger and lobster combo for $35, it only increased by $2.Combo for 1- Burger, lobster, fries, and salad. I was surprised by how delicious the burger was. Normally, I like to add ketchup on my burgers, but this one tasted great without it. The lobster was delicious as always, but I felt like they didn't clean out the green stuff as much as they have in the past. Their butter is the best though! The fries are always good, but make sure to eat them while they're hot. They're not as good once they cool down. The salad is always delicious too. I love the balsamic dressing they use. ($35)Chocolate Mousse- I would recommend skipping this. It had a powdery consistency. The chocolate wasn't that good either. ($7)Regardless of some of my complaints, I'll keep coming back for the burger and lobster combo. It's a pretty good deal.
#REVIEW#Place was really cool. Cool entrance and the lobsters on the first floor are cool to see. For a place that yelp lists as family friendly they had a Very limited menu and for sure nothing specifically for the kids. Would only recommend for adults. Concept is cool and food is delicious. We got oysters for an app, and then the lobster po boy and a burger. Both were phenomenal. Our waiter was just okay - seemed to be in a rush to flip the table. Neat concept - would recommend.
#REVIEW#I ordered the lobster bisque, which was very fine, with succulent chunks of lobster meat suspended in it. The regular burger is very good. A real messy mouth buster. The meat had a nice char on the exterior while still retaining a pink middle, as I'd ordered.
#REVIEW#This place is a pretty nice spot in midtown (a bit fancier than I was expecting with fine service), but I found their food to be lacking. The fries weren't very seasoned, I felt like I could have easily made better salad, and I did not like or finish my $25 original lobster roll. But then again it's my first time eating a lobster roll. It's like shredded lobster mixed with mayo inside a toasted slice of toast. It looked more beautiful than it tasted. They did the toasting very well and I enjoyed the bread but I felt like the mayonnaise was overpowering so I can't really comment on the lobster taste - except that it looked fresh and the texture was nice. However my friend said the burger was really good, and it looked good, so I want to revisit and try the burger next time!
#REVIEW#Decor and entrance is just beautiful. Good and symbolic way to represents lobster. If you're curious check it out for yourself Lobster bites - fresh lobster and shrimp wrapped in a pastry shell with cheese and pickles. 4 small bites. I wasn't sure what to make of it. It was interesting but I was confused. Is this supposed to resemble a Vietnamese egg roll? The lobster and shrimp... it didn't really complement each other well but I appreciated the whole chunks of lobster!Combo for 1 - A 6oz burger and a whole 1lb lobster with fries and salad. We see other people order this combo for just themselves to eat. My mom and I were like, nuh uh, were gonna share! We ordered medium rare for the burger and grilled for the lobster. Surprisingly, I really liked the burger! The bun was crispy and bronze with sesame seeds on top. The beef patty was perfectly rare with juices gushing out with each bite. The pickles were lovely.However, I didn't seem to appreciate the lobster as much. I expected more. I think it may have been a tad over cooked. BUT the buttery hollandaise sauce that came with the lobster to dip in was very goodLobster Mac n cheese. This was just okay. For $14, they gave enough lobster chunks but the quality and cheesiness of the Mac n cheese wasn't quite there. It just wasn't great. Disappointed.Pros:-can make reservations on yelp-cute decor Cons:
#REVIEW#We selected this place for its proximity to the theatre we were going to afterwards. So glad we did. Didn't realize they have another location in the city too. Very good price for lobster. $30 for a pound and a half. $20 for lobster roll. I guess lobster is in season now? Good amounts of lobster for the price. The lobster Mac and cheese was so tasty. I would come here again. I reserved my table on yelp.
#REVIEW#I'm sorry but I think I may have found my ultimate new favorite burger place. Who would've thought the marriage of lobster and beef patty would be a union blessed by the food gods. Didn't really think much when some coworkers and I came to this place. I mean it's a burger, like how much can something happen. Nope. The burger was just so juicy omg. You could really taste the truffle and smell it from the burger, and it was just a pleasant culinary experience. Highly recommend and beware Burger & Lobster cuz I will be coming back, and I will be coming back for that Beast Burger.
#REVIEW#This is for delivery! Ordered from here tonight and it came faster than expected. Order is correct. Everything arrived warm. I ordered the London Burger and the Truffle Fries. I loved the crunch of the sesame seed potato brioche bun; it was perfect. I ordered my burger rare and it was cooked perfect. The beef was fresh. The bacon was crispy how I like it. The sauce was flavorful. It's really a delicious burger. I recommend trying it. The truffle fries are delicious!! Love the truffle and the parm. Love the herbs. Crispy ends. Co-workers I shared them with loved them too! Prices aren't bad either for what you get. Burger came with cape cod potato chips. A nice surprise. :) I will be ordering other things from the menu here. Excellent experience.
#REVIEW#Saturday at 1pm. You enter through this tunnel thing to get to the doors, cute. Then B&L is actually upstairs, nice a bright with big panes of windows. I made a reservation for 2 but it wasn't fully packed anyway, 80%, doesn't feel packed nor loud. The decor with the red rounded benches and partition between tables look really nice. I've been to other B&L before on a weekday so this was the first time I saw the brunch menu and decided to try something from there. I got the lobster benedict. It comes with a side of salad and fries just like most other things. The yolk was runny in the right consistency. I actually don't like it too runny. I think the base is the same toasted bread as the lobster rolls. This is cheaper than just a lobster roll so it makes sense for mine to have less lobster. That didn't bother me actually, because sometimes lobster rolls have "too much" lobster in a bite. it needs something to cut through it. The side salad came with balsamic dressing. I feel like the greens were different than when I last went. Our server Kevin (?) was super attentive and nice, literally coming every 10-15min to check up on us (he does this to everyone!!). Food also came out very quickly. Very satisfied, nothing to complain, just not unforgettable so not 5* yet
#REVIEW#Im glad they opened a location in Midtown. This restaurant chain started in Flatiron and they had a very simple premise: burger and lobster. Those used to be the only items you could order. Now they have expanded their menu and offer a variety of burger and lobster inspired items. Like the lobster mac n cheese. Hint: it's delicious!I dived into their non-traditional menu and ordered The Beast. It's a Pat La Frieda patty burger with lobster, swiss cheese and truffle mayo. This monstrosity is not for the faint of heart. It kinda works, but the lobster temp was noticeably colder than the rest of the burger (which makes sense). The result is a weird hot and cold thing going on in your mouth. There is no doubting that the flavors work well together though. Overall this place is a more turbo charged version of the original NYC location. Beautifully decorated and great ambiance.
#REVIEW#While visiting NYC, a friend sent a message to try Burger & Lobster Restaurant.  I was able to make our reservation for dinner through the YELP app.  Thanks YELP!!    Love that the entrance to the restaurant is a tunnel made of lobster traps.  My husband and I arrived a little before our reserved time so enjoyed their specialty drink call Bryant Park Punch.  A refreshing fruity drink.  I enjoyed the lobster Mac n Cheese with a side salad and my husband enjoyed the lobster dinner.  Delicious food at a great price!
#REVIEW#Excellent burgers that were cooked to perfection (medium rare, medium rare, and medium) for our group of three. At so many places, they ask and you tell them and they just bring you a lump of coal anyways, or more often, everyone's burgers are cooked to the same temperature.There is a burger of the week, which we did not get to try but their classics are pretty solid in terms of toppings and you can easily make special requests. For example, the cheese used on their classic is a 50/50 mix of American and cheddar and I had that swapped for 100% cheddar. Was also able to skip the B&L sauce which is basically just ketchup and mayo. Had my fries upgraded (at a cost) to truffle fries which uses a combination of truffle oil and truffle shavings to amp up the flavor. The size of the cut and texture for these fries were a bit larger and better than their standard fries too. Finally, all burgers come with a little side salad of mixed greens in addition to the fries which was a nice touch. The leafy greens were dressed with a light vinaigrette and actually looked fresh and not at all wilted.Service was attentive and friendly, burgers came out fast, space (even the entrance) was attractive and prices were reasonable for midtown. Will definitely repeat!
