#NAME#Lupa
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/lupa-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#italian#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$$
#REVIEW#At Lupa they do a great job of bringing a genuine mix of Roman flavors to New York with a menu that highlights the freshest ingredients cooked in accordance to Roman standards. I stopped in one afternoon to try their lunch menu which at $25 is great value compared to other restaurants in NYC. I sat outside on the small terrace to enjoy the sunny and comfortably warm day, taking in the relaxing atmosphere while I drip my fluffy focaccia in some extra virgin olive oil. Before the food arrived I needed a drink and went with the Sassi Sour made with Four Roses Bourbon, mint, lemon and Lucano Amaro which really added the experience.A plate of sardines, pork shoulder and beets was a very satisfying start to the lunch menu, as colourful as they were flavourful. For the main I just had to go with the  bavette Cacio e Pepe, one forkful and I was transported back to Rome, the pasta cooked to perfection. To go with this dish I chose the Fellini cocktail made with Giffard apricot liquer, Berta Amaro, lime and prosecco, a sweet balance to the peppery pasta.For dessert, I was delighted to have the Lupa Tartufo with its rich chocolaty textures and cool ice cream center was the best ending to my Roman lunch, really look forward to going back!
#REVIEW#Bucatini - delicious. Would order again definitely. My favorite pasta of the 3.Tagliatelle - mediocre. Not great.Ricotta thing with zuccchini and corn - very good would order this again :)Restaurant vibes- rustic homey Italian vibe. Nothing too fancy but def not yucka. Good vibes for groups too!Wine recs - not too bad but could be better
#REVIEW#Tried this restaurant as a graduation lunch after heavily researching the rave reviews on Yelp. The food is pretty good, the stand out pastas for me personally were definitely the cacio e pepe and the cavatelli with pesto made of peas. The flavors were incredibly rich even though they were seemingly simple dishes. The service was a little slow today, and although the server was very helpful and accommodating, it wasn't necessarily welcoming. Probably the reason for kicking off a star. The tartufo is pretty bomb though, I gotta say. All in all, I'm not sure I would come back since there was nothing too stand-out ish about my experience. I'd definitely visit a few other restaurants first.
#REVIEW#My go to place for a perfect bowl of pasta.I mean perfect, just done to perfection with a combining of flavors that seal the meal.You simply can not go wrong with any of the pastas.The wine selection is equally as good and perfectly complements the meal.Ahhh pasta!
#REVIEW#Came for a date on a Saturday night and Lupa just didn't hit quite right for us this time. Even though we came pretty early, the restaurant was already quite full. Since tables are close, it was loud and we had trouble hearing each other. My boyfriend is Italian and chose the spot due to its description and backstory as a Roman Osteria. There were certainly elements that we loved - like the fresh foccacia before the meal. Others, seemed out of place, though. The salumi we ordered came arranged in a very Lunchable fashion and tasted similar too. For pasta, we had the Cacio e Pepe and Carbonara. Both were nicely al dente and the Cacio e Pepe had a great thick sauce and flavor. The Carbobara was the most disappointing dish. Instead of guanciale or pancetta, it came with bacon. Also, there were lots of greens mixed into the dish. Apparently to Italians, this is as sacrilegious as putting pineapple on pizza. This was disappointing mostly because our perception was that Lupa was a more authentic Italian kitchen.  All in all, food was good, but a bit of a let down given our expectations of more authentic Roman meal.
#REVIEW#Came here for lunch during NYC Restaurant Week Winter 2019, and it was amazing. We made a reservation on a Tuesday afternoon and the restaurant was practically empty! It's pretty spacious inside and there are a lot of tables. We started off with bread as well as a complimentary appetizer (can't remember the name of it). The bread was so soft and the olive oil was delicious--the server brought two rounds!I ordered the Broccoli Sformato to start and the Orecchiette as my entree. I was debating between the Stracciatella alla Romana (soup) and the Broccoli, and I'm so glad I ended up going with the Broccoli. The server had described it as being like flan, so I had a tough time imagining broccoli-flavored flan, but the dish was soooo delicious. It literally melted in my mouth and the combination of flavors worked together perfectly. The Orecchiette was pretty good as well, but the pasta was cooked a little too firm... Ended up taking half of it home and it still tasted great as leftovers! I would love to come back for dinner and see what the restaurant looks like at night.
#REVIEW#The food and service was great here .I liked especially their bread which was awesome!
#REVIEW#Lupa's Roman-style pasta tasting menu is out of this world. My wife and I came to New York in large part to eat delicious (Italian) food. Our culinary outings had largely been distracted by the other delicious cuisines throughout the city, and by the time we came to Lupa, we had been defeated in trying to get some decent pasta by three hour waits and fully booked restaurants.We arrived at Lupa and were relieved to find no wait and an open table, albeit a table with a one hour and fifteen time limit, which was fine, honestly. We were grateful to enjoy any delicious pasta at this point. The menu was a bit too much for my wife and I. It was a large, daunting menu rife with untranslated Italian dishes (there was a glossary on the back--not the ideal way to inform someone on a time crunch). My wife and I were fazed by all the delicious sounding options, but knowing that we were there to sample as much pasta as possible, we chose to indulge in the five pasta tasting menu. I suspect the menu design is intended to guide patrons into these options--they occupy the most real estate on the menu and are in English, not Italian. Regardless of the menu play, we were satisfied with our choice. After a round of delicious complimentary crostini, the first pasta brought out was Cacio e pepe. It was simply incredible. A buttery, cheesy pasta laced with potent and vibrant pepper, we were blown away by its craft.The second pasta, carbonara (or breakfast pasta as I jokingly call it) was similarly incredible. The guanciale (bacon) was a perfect texture and the dish had an interesting herbal taste I couldn't put a finger on.After the one-two punch of the cacio e pepe and carbonara, we got really full, really quickly. And there were three more pasta dishes left! We were drunk with extravagant tastes, and sadly our ability to independently enjoy the remaining pastas was lost in the maelstrom of our time crunch and our full stomachs. There was a vodka pasta with veal tripe, a classic red, and another red sauce pasta that I just simply couldn't eat because I was too full. Part of me feels like Lupa preyed on me by inducing me to gorge on delicious pasta, but my better nature regards the experience as a nurturing introduction to Roman style pasta. Whichever narrative suits your fancy, Lupa will satisfy you.
#REVIEW#I had came before for the Cacio E pepe which was a little salty but I  really really wanted to come back and try the pasta tasting menu. We came in for lunch and thought the tasting menu might be a bit much, so we made our own. We shared an ecarole salad and then ordered the following three pastas to share, saltimbocca agnolotti, bucatini all'amatriciana, and finished with the spaghetti carbonara. The bucatinni and carbonara were definitely the standouts and next time would definitely come back for these. I wasn't a huge fan of the agnolotti. For dessert we had the olive cake with sesame gelato and some kind of apple caramel sauce. The sweet sour of the apple sauce really balanced out the sweet of the cake. The cappuccino was also very delicious and went well with the olive oil cake. Our server was super sweet and made great recommendations. She had no issues with splitting all our entre pastas for two. Can't wait to come back!
#REVIEW#What an unreal experience. The food at Lupa was incredible. We got the pasta tasting menu which will cost you 55 USD per person with a side of Brussel sprouts. Each dish is half portion and we were so full by the end of the 3rd item. You also get a lemon sorbet at the end which is really flavourful and wakes you right up after a pasta heavy meal. Every dish was cooked to perfection. Lupa really upped the bench mark for a great Italian experience. Wanted to highlight the favourites.Tonnarelli Cacio e Pepe - so simple but so tasty and light. The pepper really stood out to me on this dish and wasn't overpowered by the cheese. Spaghetti alla Carbonara - such a classic dish and a staple. Really yummy and can't say anything bad about it at all. Pajata Finta - the favourite of the night. I wish I had a full serving of this pasta. I now understand what al dente should really be like. The ragu was so light and fresh. The tripe was mouth watering. This is a must get.  The Saltimbocca Agnolotti and Bucatini All'Amatriciana were both amazing as well. We had a bite each and packed the rest to go. Wanted to have the experience of it fresh before eating it as left overs the next day. Could have gone without these two but none the less it was really good. So happy that we got last minute reservations for Saturday night on a Thursday evening. Although it was busy and backed up due to volume and a big party that was going on. Had a few drinks at the bar and time flew by pretty quick. Lupa is 100% well worth the wait and I look forward to dining there again.
#REVIEW#I had a really great experience at Lupa. It's super cozy inside and it was decorated for the holidays which made it even cozier. I went with two friends and we opted for the squash as an appetizer - it was really delicious and sprinkled with pomegranates (my weakness). We went family style for mains with the spaghetti, goat cheese filled some type of pasta (I can't remember and the whole menu was in Italian lol), and squash stuffed other type of pasta (sorry this review is super non specific). All three were absolutely delicious and we washed everything down with Lambrusco followed by the Lupa Tartufo for dessert (this was SO good). The service was great as well and put the whole experience over the top. Lupa has definitely made its way onto my list of favorite Italian places in the city.
#REVIEW#Phenomenal Italian Restaurant that my wife and I go to almost every time we are in New York.  It's small and can be hard to get into for dinner so we've only been there for lunch but are super happy we go.As with most places we eat we eat at the bar.  The bartender always does a phenomenal job pairing wine with our meals.  They have an incredible wine list.On our last trip we started with the Escarole salad - delicious.They had a special duck and sausage ragu pasta that was out of bounds.  Absolutely delicous!!!  My mouth is watering thinking about it.  The bartender paired it with a killer Italian red.  Not very fruit forward.  Absolutely perfect.I've had the Branzino several times and it never disappoints.  Served whole and cooked perfectly.  Crispy skin.  Delicate meat.  One of my favorite items on the menu.  Once again paired incredibly with an Italian white.  Perfectly matching the delicate flavor of the fish.Run to this spot for a romantic lunch or plan ahead for a killer dinner.
#REVIEW#As a big fan of Babbo, I really wanted to love Lupa, but found that this restaurant just fell short of expectations. We came as a party of three on a Saturday night with a reservation. Once our entire party had arrived, the staff seated us and brought us copies of the menu. We ordered glasses of wine first, and I asked for a recommendation based on the kinds of wine I like, though the waiter (though not a sommelier) didn't seem too knowledgeable about them. We ordered a variety of dishes, including charcuterie, beef special, bavette cacio e pepe, and scallops. Out of all, the beef special was the best dish, though nothing really was extraordinary. Ambience here is also nowhere near as nice as Babbo. For about the same price, I'd recommend going to Babbo over this place, and having a much nicer experience.
#REVIEW#It is an establishment from the Batali and Bastianich consortium haha. It happens to be on my waltz home from work and sometimes Carbone just isn't open to commoners like myself. So come out and check Lupa, because it does an amazing job. Like many before have said the cacio e pepe and carbonara strike gold. Such simple pastas but done to near perfection. Who knew something so basic could be so delicious when executed well. Call it my Rothko of basic pasta establishments. The rest of the food was good, but nothing spectacular (i.e. beets app), but highlights end with dessert and the assortment of formaggi to close the meal was spectacular. Next time, I might even skip the bottle of vino and just go with the Chef's tasting menu to get an even wider assortment of primi! Check it out and grazie, ragazzi!
#REVIEW#Lupa: Chef's Roman Tasting Menu:1: Coda Alla Vaccinara(oxtail)2: Rigatoni alla Gricia3: TarfufoThe Tarfufo is soooo good! My favorite Italian restaurant in NYC, even better than Babbo!
#REVIEW#Wonderful restaurant. Quaint and elegant, delicious food, prompt service, and lots of warmth and kindness from the staff.
#REVIEW#I once read in an magazine interview Julia Roberts said this is her favorite place to grab a bowl of pasta, so naturally I had to come and check out Lupa. I saw that they had a tasting menu and of course, the idea of having bowl after bowl of pasta is appealing to just about everyone, and I didn't know how to choose just one to sum up a restaurant's experience! The pasta at Lupa is super tasty, and any dish with the guanciale is TO DIE FOR. It is probably the best tasting bacon-esque thing that I have ever eaten. Insider tip, if you get the tasting menu, you can take leftovers of each home in small boxes. It's a LOT of just straight up pasta and sauce. There's not much meat, vegetables, or any other mix ins, so get ready for a lot of carbs.
#REVIEW#Food is excellent!We had the aged Prosciutto di Parma Gran Riserva (18 Months) & Citrus Marinated Sardines with Ceci Fritti which were great!We also had Bavette Cacio e Pepe , as well as Sirloin Steak with Funghi Misti & Balsamic, which was really good. We sat in the back which had no music and you can hear conversations from the tables around you. That is why I give this a 4 stars . I would go back and sit in front for a different experience.
#REVIEW#Do I ever know what the menu says? No. Is that going to stop me from ordering? NOPE! Lupa is undeniably one of the best Roman/Italian restaurants on the lower west side of NYC. I love the ambiance of Lupa while sipping wine and enjoying my meal. The pasta is as fresh as can be, not overcooked, perfectly al dente.
#REVIEW#(Best of our choices) The NY Strip on mushroom. Perfectly cooked. Juicy and tender. Great for sharing.(2nd best of our choices) The fried sweetbread with fried artichoke, made great appitizer. Great for sharing.Cavatelli with their in house bacon, in green pesto sauce. Tasted good and the pasta was perfectly cooked.The octopus dish. The octo was nicely prepared and cooked. But overall the dish was toooo salty.
