#NAME#Tanner Smiths
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/tanner-smiths-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#cocktailbars,newamerican,speakeasies#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#VotersVisited this location after the bellman at our hotel recommended it for a fun atmosphere with late night drinks. The bar staff is very efficient considering we visited on a busy Saturday night. The manager,  Lucas, struck up a friendly conversation with us and we told him I was in town for my 25th birthday, a short while later he returned with birthday shots for us! My mother wound up chatting with the bouncer, Johnathan, he had the kitchen bring out strawberry short cake with birthday candles! Mind you, we did not ask for any kind of birthday swag but once the staff knew I was celebrating they truly went out of thier way to make a girl feel special! Also wanted to make a note of the awesome music and clean restrooms. This place is awesome.
#REVIEW#I came to Tanner Smith's while in town with a friend for a late lunch. It was an easy spot to meet for those unfamiliar with the city b/c it is just steps from the subway. The restaurant was very quiet. I liked the Speakeasy style of the place. It seemed very hip and Manhattan. I sat down and ordered and mocktail. The mocktail was delicious. I am a huge fan of places that can provide me with a delicious and not just fruity or bland mocktail option.I ordered the mole chicken tacos and my friend had the soup and grilled cheese. The tacos were delicious and filling. I had three smaller tacos with my order. My friends grilled cheese and soup were the perfect light lunch option.The service was great. I would love to go back next time I'm in the city and go for dinner.
#REVIEW#Love everything about this place!  We had the lamb sliders and crispy chicken wings with all the sauces.  I love their song mixes, tried Shazam and cannot find it!
#REVIEW#Tanner Smith's offers all three of my biggest qualifiers - great atmosphere, GREAT drinks, and great food. We arrived around 7 pm on a Friday, and it wasn't too badly crowded. Had a few drinks at the bar, and then sat in a cozy low-lit dining room on the upper level for some small plates. The Martinis were fantastic! We had the truffle scented flatbread, the shrimp tacos, the pretzel, and the sweet potato tacos. Only complaint was those sweet potato tacos. They were so spicy and salty that neither of us could eat them. Hopefullyjust a fluke - I'll definitely be back.
#REVIEW#6/1/19 Found this one via Yelp. Thanks friends. Wandering around NYC and thus was a gem of a find. Very cool ambiance. Friendly staff and yummy food. The drink specials here are really unique and very potent. Glad we were walking back to the hotel. Highly recommend the Lucy Luis and the Pearl Button! Lots of flavor and yummy. Started with the Duck spring rolls. First time fir the wife to gave Duck! Very tasty with the sauces provided! Wife ordered the pulled pork sliders and they were really tasty and full of flavor. I ordered the Salmon Au Poivre. This was really good as well nice and flaky with lots of radishes! Great place we shall be back!
#REVIEW#For my first drink I got The Winona ($16) which is their signature cocktail. It's essentially an old fashioned infused with smoke. It's injected in a small bottle and you can decide how smoky you want it to be. If you want it to be more smoky wait a little bit longer before pouring it in the glass. The bartender Claire advises me to try a little bit at a time at different points to see where I liked it. It was a really good drink and I enjoyed the smokiness of it. It's considered their signature drink so if you want to see how they make it, order it! For my second drink Claire recommended the Order No. 7 ($16) which tasted like a Manhattan.Cool spot with a long bar area and the bartenders were cool.
#REVIEW#Speak-easy themed bar/restaurant. We found out that kids are not allowed after 4pm, but they let us into the back of the restaurant with our 2 kids. Place had a very lively energy with a great crowd. The cocktail menu was expansive, but not overwhelming. I was introduced to their signature drink, The Winona: bourbon with maple extract and oak smoke infusion. Seems like a gimmick, but it tasted really good. Not too overpowering, hint of sweetness with a mellow smokey flavor. The food was mediocre, but we only had appetizers. The garlic parsley fries were good, dry rub wings were over-fried and dried out, 3 peppers nachos were not good. It had good flavor chips, but lacking in flavor for everything else. Thr eggplant chips are a good concept, but it was too mushy. I would come back for the drinks and atmosphere.
#REVIEW#First time here and I can't wait to return. The decor and speakeasy feel was amazing. Came in during their brunch but decided to nibble on something small at the bar. On Saturdays and Sundays, they have live swing/jazz during brunch hours. This was very relaxing and reminded me of jazz brunches in New Orleans. The New York style poutine was delicious. Served in a hot skillet with a nice gravy and plenty of cheese. Delicious! But, the absolute star of my visit was their "tipsy tea". The drink is called "Always look back" it is served in a teapot with 2 cups and saucers. It had matcha tea and gin and some other ingredients. It was very smooth and easy to drink. Refreshing. But the presentation was my favorite, it was delicate and feminine. See you soon, Tanner Smith's!
#REVIEW#Went to dinner after a show with one other guest. No wait. Seated promptly. Our experience was all around just ok. The service was ok. The food was just ok. Prices were ok. The lower level and area with the bar was very loud. The upstairs dining area was a bit quieter. Restrooms were clean.We ordered 3 small plates to share. All 3 were just beige. Not a lot of flavor. Every single dumpling fell apart trying to get it out of the bamboo steamer.
#REVIEW#Went here for brunch with a few friends, and had no reservations. They don't accept reservations for groups smaller than 8. The place was not that busy at 11:30 am but by the time we left at 1, it was busy and there was a slight wait for seating.The staff is very attentive at Tanner Smiths and friendly too. They always checked on us every few minutes when we needed service. We did not get any cocktails and coffee/tea were the only beverage we got.For mains I got the Lamb Burger ($17) with Monterey Jack Cheese (+$1) and Sweet Potato Tots (+$4) without the burger bun and got lettuce wrap instead. The burger did taste pretty good. My wife got the Avocado Smash ($15) and thoroughly enjoyed it.Service was excellent and food arrived within 20 minutes of ordering.
#REVIEW#Fun brunch place with live swing music and tipsy teapots!  They had one cocktail (gin, amaro montenegro, matcha) served in a cute teapot for $25.  I loved pouring our green "tea" into our teacups that came with a round ball of ice, lemon, and mint.  Very aromatic and appetizing to drink. The food wasn't impressive.  I've had much better brunch food.  Service was great though.  It's still a fun place for a birthday brunch if no one in the group minds the mediocre food.
#REVIEW#Had such a good experience in Tanner Smiths. My bartender Clare was from Ireland like myself and really took the time to speak to me and help me decide what I wanted to drink. She was great. She made me an espresso martini, and I'm not going to lie but it was the best one I've ever had. They also facilitated me with charging my phone.
#REVIEW#We went for Sunday brunch. Maybe the place is great for cocktails, but the servicers and kitchen must have been hung over. Food was not great. They must have been a server short because we had to ask for coffee refills and more sugar, multiple times.
#REVIEW#This place was awesome. It's prohibition themed and it's pretty apparent right when you walk in. I got the Brussels hash and a salad with fried goat cheese (added chicken to both). They were both really good the Brussels were topped with fried eggs and and the fried goat cheese was crisp and delicious. Go to Central Park after if it's nice out cause it's not far!
#REVIEW#Great spot for after work drinks or before a show at Radio City.  Great looking place with an awesome bar, nice beer selection and tasty food.  I really enjoyed the smoky old fashioned, cool concept.  Would definitely recommend this place and hope to return soon.  The sliders, pork nachos and other bar food is really good.  Nice bartenders and servers.  Strong crowd on Thursday nights.
#REVIEW#Love this bar! I had been once for a few drinks at the bar and loved the ambiance and the fact that they play 1950s movies and cartoons at the bar. I forgot how much I loved this place until my gf invited me back, The bar itself is quite large, there's a lounge/bar area in the front, and a dining room area in the back. There's also a nice speakeasy downstairs that's often used for private events. The second time I came here, I came for a networking event, which was held in a room downstairs, which led into a cute little 'hidden' bar area that sat less than 10 people. The bartender was super friendly and really nice and was very happy to pour a few wines to see what I liked. The appetizers I had at the event were very tasty, including buffalo chicken spring rolls and grilled flatbread pizza. Overall, I love the ambiance of the bar, its trendy, fun, casual, but slightly upscale, and has a cool speakeasy vibe. It's a great place to meet a group of people for drinks.
#REVIEW#I love Tanner Smiths! Not only do they have great drinks and food, but the ambiance is really cool, like a speakeasy. For drinks, my husband and I shared the "Always Look Back" so we can always look back on our first trip to New York together. I know... we're very cheesy. The drink serves 4, but we ended up killing it between just the two of us. I would describe the drink to be like a green tea mojito - very refreshing with a strong green tea flavor. We both loved it!For food, we ordered the mussels and the braised duck sandwich. The mussels were sooooo good with a lot of flavor, and the braised duck sandwich was also very good with lots of duck meat. I also loved the french fries that came with it. All in all, our experience at Tanner Smith's was AMAZING!
#REVIEW#The food here is so terribly disappointing. I got the fish and chips, expecting a filet of fish but it was three small pieces of cod. The fries were also really soggy and disgusting.The charcuterie plate consists of pickled carrots, bologna, salami, and another dried beef thing with some toasts. It was ok, I would've liked some cornichons and prosciutto and mustard, but hey, keep your expectations low and you might be fine.
#REVIEW#Lowkey place for a great cocktail. Very friendly staff has many recommendations and super friendly. Their house cocktail, the Winona, is super smooth and comes in a smoke filled bottle. Tastes like a toasted marshmallow but not super sweet. Many other good cocktails to be had, approximately 20 different house versions of classics.  Had the pork and goat cheese nachos, which were quite delicious but not nachos. Excellent pork but no melty or cheesy feel. GF had the quinoa bowl with and egg and steak added. Voluminous portion. I had the TS Burger with bacon, quite excellent. Very well cooked but not sloppy, decent for if you're in nice clothes. 4 cocktails, an appetizer, and two mains with extras brought the total to under $150, which for the area is excellent. Definitely would stop by again or recommend if asked.
#REVIEW#An intimate atmosphere just a few blocks off Time Square. The cocktails and beer list are solid. Our food was tasty but not amazing. The food wasn't very hot when it arrived. We got the hot chicken sandwich, brussel sprout hash and the pork sliders. I would recommend the sliders but skip the other items. Everything on the menu is around $15.
