#NAME#Chobani SoHo
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/chobani-soho-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#coffee,sandwiches,cafes#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#Chobani is the only yogurt I eat to my Review is biased. - Ambiance 5/5- Staff 5/5 - Yogurt 10/10 ** Pineapple - coconut is my go to If your looking for a healthy snack, I'd definitely stop here.
#REVIEW#I got their fresh fruit and granola (half size, $6+). It comes with one choice of fruit (strawberry, mango, banana, blueberries etc). The bowl had yogurt at the bottom, oats in the middle, then top with diced mango. For the environment, it's a great cafe with free wifi and tables for working. They have coffees as well!
#REVIEW#Came here yesterday on a whim while walking around Soho and I'm so glad I did! I'm a fan of Chobani yogurts, in specific their Almond Coco Loco Flip and the low-fat coconut flavor (it tastes like heaven!!). It was a no-brainer that I was going to go for their Toasted Coconut + Pineapple Sweet Creation and it was amazing!! It had a nice amount of pineapple pieces, coconut flakes, crushed hazelnuts, mint, and agave nectar - the combination was delicious and not overly sweet. I noted that they have half and full sizes - I went for the former which was a perfect small treat. If you want something other than yogurt they also have sandwiches, salads, soups, breakfast bowls and shakes.The store itself is super cute - there's plenty of seating and if you choose to dine in they bring your purchase directly to your table. Def. recommend if you're around the area!!
#REVIEW#Wow a yummy yogurt/breakfast/brunch place!!! I really loved what I had. Space is very limited but we were lucky to get 2 seats at the window looking out onto the street. Sorry to the man sitting there prior to us, we kept yapping into his personal space but it was so tight so we had no choice. It's a little on the pricey side but it seems everything is like that in NYC except some places in Chinatown.
#REVIEW#The food was very fresh and the presentation was adorable if you dine in. The atmosphere is also really good, especially in the early morning before the crowd flocks in. I ordered a small yogurt bowl, the yogurt tasted good and I liked that it was plain non-sweet yogurt, but the portion of the toppings was very small, just barely there..Also I ordered a side salad, the flavor was okay. Overall, the food is something you can easily prepare at home. If they are more generous on the toppings, maybe it is worth the money.
#REVIEW#Super cool location- I love that there's a coffee shop next door. The look of this place is amazing- very Insta-worthy. I'm not a big Greek yogurt fan, so I just came here to use the bathroom and then drink the coffee we got from next door. If you like Greek yogurt- the food looked amazing.
#REVIEW#Beautiful Cobb salad both tasty and nice presentation. Dressing tasted a bit cheap would love it to be more special given the place. Did not like the hummus savory but probably just personal preference. Would come back to try the sweet one.
#REVIEW#How great to have stumbled into a shop dedicated to yogurt! We decided to go here on our trip to NY as we could only handle so many bagels for breakfast. My boyfriend got one of the smoothies and I got the breakfast cereal with pourable yogurt. It was really delicious, however I wish the yogurt was a little bit thicker. The place has plenty of seating and even savory yogurt options so that everyone is satisfied!
#REVIEW#My favorite place to grab a healthy snack and it's affordable! Chobani SoHo specializes in yogurt bowls, which are usually comprised of a bowl of vanilla yogurt topped with fresh fruit, nuts, etc. The space is very airy and has plenty of natural light with ample seating, making it a pleasant place to catch up with friends. The other thing that I liked about this place a lot was that it sold Chobani cups for less than the bodegas in the area.
#REVIEW#Pretty cool place for breakfast/brunch, although there's limited seating. We were pretty lucky and didn't have to wait around much before two seats opened up. We shared a half order of the Smoked salmon and herbed labneh ($6.95) and a half order of Greek yogurt with toasted coconut and pineapple ($6.35). Pretty good. It turned out to be a good combination and we weren't super hungry then.
#REVIEW#Stopped in for a quick breakfast while waiting to meet up with a friend on a Sunday afternoon. There were a decent amount of people, but not to the point where I had to wait on line (maybe one person was in front of me) or a table. If you eat chobani yogurt and you've never been to a chobani cafe, you NEED to get yourself here! I was so impressed on my first visit here. I've never really had savory yogurts before, so I figured I'd choose one from their menu. I got the hummus + za'atar yogurt creation - SO GOOD. If it's your first time having savory yogurt creations, I highly suggest this one! It is served with pita chips for dipping. The yogurts are also filling, worth the price in my opinion! I was satisfied with a half size. Definitely coming back here if I'm in the area.Service: If you are having your food/drink to stay, the staff will bring your order to you. When I was there, they also took it away from me when I was finished. Interior: Clean, comfortable and cute. Well lit. There are seats along the windows with stools and small tables. There is also a larger, rectangular wooden table. Decent amount of seating. I did not have to wait for a seat. Saw maybe two or three people with laptops. I will come back to try their other menu items. Their sandwiches and soups look good (esp. the smoked salmon one!)
#REVIEW#The flavors and selections here are really good and they taste delicious. For anyone just interested in the yogurt it comes in two sizes: half portion ($7) or a large portion $8+). The half portion is a pretty good size and will fill you up, for reference it's about a little more than your standard chobani yogurt you'll find in the grocery store, but the toppings are really fresh and delicious. The base of the yogurt is exactly what you'd buy in the grocery store-the plain Greek yogurt. So theoretically you could make it at home if you wanted to. But let's be real, it's so much easier spending $$$If you come during the fall season, get the fall special with pumpkin custard, pumpkin seeds, cranberries, and pie crust! It's sooo good it's like you're eating a pumpkin pie. Yes it's pretty pricey for a cup of yogurt, especially when you know you can get it cheaper in the grocery store, but I mean it's really worth it! There is seating but it does get pretty packed (I passed by this place several times on a Saturday and it was packed for the entire time!). Service is quick and fast. And if you want coffee there is a La Columbe coffee shop attached!
#REVIEW#Wow! I didn't even know these little Chobani cafes existed until I walked by the SoHo location today, but I'm happy I took a turn down Prince St.This is exactly what I picture when you say cafe. It's got cushiony seats situated along the walls of the store so you can just squeeze on in, as well as a few tables around the middle space. If you wanted to meet someone midday and didn't feel like the typical coffee, this is a good snack option with a casual vibe.I was torn between several menu options, but the friendly cashier helped me decide and even got a second opinion from another employee. I ended up doing a combo with half the hummus and za'atar and half of the "seasonal salad" which contained buckwheat soba noodles, pesto, arugula, edamame, and tomatoes.The star of the show was definitely the pesto noodles. I was hesitant because they obviously contain less yogurt (it's somewhere in the pesto I think?) so I was expecting this to be a less-perfected item to satisfy people who just don't like yogurt. Nope! AMAZING. I'll take a lot of other sauces before pesto but somehow this has me hooked. They gave some extra pesto so I could add more to the drier parts of the arugula and combined with the crunch of the edamame... let's just say I'll be back in like two days.The hummus was nice too, but it basically just tasted like good hummus/chickpeas and yogurt. Obviously tasty, but didn't blow me away. I didn't eat too many of the crisps that come with it so that might be why I feel this way, but the half portion of the yogurt was significantly less filling than a half portion of the noodle salad.You can't go wrong stopping here any time of day. I came in at 4pm and spent just over $10 for a combo that ended up becoming my dinner. If you can pop in before the seasonal soba salad gets replaced, I would highly recommend you do so.
#REVIEW#I am a die hard chobani fan anyways! I love going to this cafe and just having the healthiest snack I could ever have! They are closed for renovations but not to worry, they have opened a new location inside Target near WTC. This time I tried a sweet and a savory bowl. For sweet I got the Pistachio and dark chocolate, I have had this one before and is always a delight. The combination of the slight sweetness from the dark chocolate and honey against the sourness of the orange and the crunch of the roasted pistachios is a perfect medley! For savory I had the Mango and Avocado. Again a hit! Literally! Coz the Jalapeno hit with the sweetness of mango go perfectly! Abd who doesnt like avocados! My favorite savory creation!Will definitely keep going!
#REVIEW#Love Chobani! I wasn't aware that Chobani had their own cafes! They had both sweet and savory options to choose from. When I walked in I saw "labne" on the menu. Didn't know what labne was; it's a type of yogurt cheese and it's tasty!!! I ordered the smoked salmon simit sandwich (Turkish bagel) to-go; the order was wrong, but I didn't realize until afterwards. Instead of the salmon, it was the seasonal preserves labne. It was delicious and probably a lot healthier! The tomato soup was also good. It was on the extra small side (combo size). Will go back one of these days to try the salmon!
#REVIEW#Great staff and food but I hate that the restrooms are opened to the public. Non customers formed a line behind me while I was dining in and the smell made me leave.
#REVIEW#This is a perfect spot for a quick and nutritious breakfast or bite. I'm a bit of a yogurt fiend, so I had to stop in here, on a recent trip to NYC. I'm really happy that I did, because the yogurt bowls I tried I liked so much that I had to attempt to recreate the recipes once I got home, because I found myself craving them.  The Blueberry and Power bowl was full of healthy and hearty nuts and seeds like chia, pumpkin and walnut. The Toasted Coconut and Pineapple bowl was so refreshing and summery, and the accent of mint was a welcome surprise. I got both of the yogurt bowls with honey instead of agave nectar. The Pineapple Passionfruit yogurt drink was super tasty, with just the right amount of sweetness. This shop was super busy the morning I went, and I'm not surprised. It was bright and airy, the staff were friendly, and it is connected to a La Colombe. If you are in the neighborhood, definitely stop in, but this is a place I would go out of my way for to get my yogurt fix.
#REVIEW#I like the place, it's spacious enough to grab a seat inside and the service is fast enough to grab it and go. Prices are fair for fresh, healthy food (lentil soup and half a simit sandwich for like $15). Would definitely want to come back and try their other options.
#REVIEW#I've been coming here for years and I never witnessed nothing like today. The management here is so rude. I wanted to get a portion of chocolate for my mom and they always seem to give me a different price every time I come but no worries there. My only issue was when I was being helped the manager yelled at the young lady in front of a crowd of people. I seen the shame in her face. I don't think I'll be returning.
#REVIEW#I am a big fan of acai bowls. Chobani features a unique use of acai. Since  it is a yogurt company, it has a mixed berry bowl with honey puffed grains, strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, toasted coconut, hazelnuts, mint, and acai powder. The toppings come in the bowl and a glass of acai yogurt comes separate. Like a bowl of cereal, you pour the glass of yogurt into the bowl. The dish is delicious.The fruits were very fresh. The grains are good. The ingredient that put the bowl over the top was definitely the hazelnut bites. I love hazelnut in general and the tiny bites of it gave the dish an amazing flavor and crunch.I also went back to try a bagel with lox. The smoked salmon was very fresh and good. I was not a big fan of the bagel or the cream cheese. In regards to the cream cheese, it had a yogurt taste to it which would make sense since Chobani is a yogurt company. Nevertheless, it tasted a little odd.
