#NAME#Peacefood Cafe
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/peacefood-cafe-new-york-5?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#vegan,cafes#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Super cute spot and great prices for vegan fare! Stopped in for early dinner on a busy Saturday afternoon with my husband and 1-year-old daughter. We had to wait 10-minutes for a table, but the greeter was very nice about helping us with a baby seat when a table opened up.The food was good. My husband ordered the chick'n parm - delicious - and I had the pfc seitan focaccia - also good but a little too bitter because of the arugula. I only ate half because it was so filling. We were too full for dessert, but we're definitely returning.
#REVIEW#This place is great! I have been dying to come here for a long time so I'm glad I got a chance to do so. I came at lunch time on a Thursday and there were a decent amount of people there. You also can get food to go at the counter. There is also an extensive vegan baked good display case in the front if you have a sweet tooth. I decided on the Japanese pumpkin quiche special that came with a side fruit salad. It smelled heavenly when it arrived but the salad was undressed lettuce with some fruit on top. I wasn't upset about that but it just wasn't what I was expecting at all. The quiche had really nice flavor and the Japanese pumpkin was delicious. Overall though, the quiche was dry. It was tough to swallow at times and I noticed the bottom was burnt so I think it just got overlooked unfortunately. This was a great dish that had tons of potential I think it just got left in the oven a bit too long. This did not take away from the flavor though. That was on point and I can't wait to go back and try other things!
#REVIEW#This review is solely for the desserts/tea. I've been on three separate occasions, each time to  grab a dessert with my SO. We've tried the raw cheesecake, chocolate cake, carrot cake & cookies (chocolate chip and 'magic'). The raw cheesecake is incredible. It's smooth, a little tangy, and the perfect level of sweetness. It will melt in your mouth. The chocolate cake is also astounding, though much more decadent. If you like chocolate cake, you'll like this one. The carrot cake was good but I didnt love the frosting as much, it was a bit too sweet (though probably I'm just less of a carrot cake person). It's also very rich.I brought the cookies to a picnic and people really like the chocolate chip. They all commented on how they were surprised that the cookies were vegan. People liked the 'magic' cookies less (which they claimed tasted healthier). So I guess if you want a 'healthier' cookie, you know what your pick should be. I also prefered the chocolate chip. Though both cookies were soft and had good texture and flavor. Again, I've yet to try their food, but their tea and desserts have yet to disappoint. P.S. I highly recommend sharing desserts (and/or being ready to pack them up).
#REVIEW#Cannot say enough good things about this place! We were seated right away, staff is so friendly and we enjoyed everything we ordered. We ordered ginger lemonades, steamed dumplings (fantastic ginger sauce), cheeseburger, and the potato pizza. We were so filled, so we didn't order dessert. I wish we did though, I love vegan desserts. Highly recommend Peacefood.
#REVIEW#Cute place, great customer service and delicious food!Had the pot pie with a side of kale salad. Seriously the best pot pie ever and the kale salad was so delicious too. Would come here again. I like this location better than the 11 street one, but this one get crowded quickly.
#REVIEW#The raspberry jam spelt crumb bar is enough to go , but with a menu that has many tasty options.
#REVIEW#The vegan crab cakes are AMAZING! A corn meal crust & a spicy vegan remoulade are perfect for it. I'm not a kale girl, but the freshness of the kale salad with raw carrots & raw corn (& v parmesan) worked really well with the dish.The wontons at the next table looked really good too & my neighbors seemed to enjoy them. For dessert, I had the strawberry shortcake. Not a fan. They described as it having fresh strawberries, but there was only a half of a strawberry & maybe one in the center? The rest was biscuit & a TON of sickly sweet strawberry frosting...like an inch & a half layer of it. I think the people that enjoy this dessert must have a serious sweet tooth as it just tasted like sugar to me. But to give the restaurant credit, they offered to refund me for the dessert or replace it with something else. Side note: Frankly, I'm surprised they don't have any fruit-driven desserts. I imagined a real strawberry shortcake bursting with strawberries & perhaps topped with a little cashew cream on a biscuit. But I would have settled for some type of fruit pie too.I got the raw key lime pie as a replacement. Young coconut, cashew, & avocado agave lime filling in an almond brazil nut crust. I don't often enjoy gluten-free items, but the crust was fantastic! The filling was deliciously tangy though a little heavy & maybe a tad too sweet. Overall, a great place. Spacious too & good thing as it's a popular place. I came in at 5:15PM on a Saturday (of a holiday weekend when other places are very) & even so, it was a bit busy. I was still seated right away & when I left at 6:30 all but 2 of the tables were filled.
#REVIEW#Always exceptional attentive service, hipster vibe, filling and super sweet desserts. I have tried something from breakfast, lunch and dinner menu and I have never been disappointed. The place gets very busy. The seating in the corner by the windows is awesome!
#REVIEW#Make reservations! Or be prepared to wait. This place seems to be always busy.What's good:1. Raw sushi2. Burger (fries are $3 extra)3. Nachos (only for dinner)It'd be really awesome if the nachos were available for lunch, too.Hint*
#REVIEW#The Vegan Cheeseburger was a little pricey and the fries should have come with it... but once the first bite was taken, the flavors of the jalapeño, pickles, sauce in the sprouts with the focaccia bread meld together and make it all ok.!! The Raw Keylime Pie was so so and for the size of the slice def over priced.If it wasn't for the deliciousness of the burgers, I would have not given 4 stars because the service was trash. The waitress didn't even notice we were without ketchup, napkins, salt, pepper, etc., and barely came by.
#REVIEW#I think it says a lot that I crave Peacefood's vegan food more than any other restaurant in NYC and I'm a pescatarian. This place is my #1. Like I'm not weirded out going there alone at all. It's so chill and delicious and kind and relaxed. Bring a book. And a ravenous appetite because there's a lot you need to order....WHAT TO ORDER!(If you get all independent on me now and order something else besides this - you missed out)BEST APPETIZERS:-Mushroom dumplings - fresh not frozen. Don't share. Get your own. 6 come in a serving you'll want all of them.-Macho nachos - totally shareable, better and healthier than anywhere in the City.-Unchicken basket - damn, that's good. No idea what I'm eating but ask for both mystery dipping sauces.-Tamale - delightful.BEST SALAD:Quinoa salad - more greens than grains, mystery dressing is amazingBEST MAINS:-When I need to be healthy, I'm very partial to the 2-4 veggies and a soup special-When I'm hungry enough for Thanksgiving, the squash and potatoes with mushroom gravy dish does it-Vegan burger is delish - tastes nothing like beef, which is good for me-The chili and cornbread doesn't disappoint-Or, just order all the appetizersDESSERT:-Vanilla cake - sounds boring, right? I don't even like cake... but I need this one. Yes all their desserts are all pretty good this one has liquid vegan crack in it-Keylime pie - delishTHE STAFF:Not a menu item but they're a television show. Your water  will NEVER be empty, it's a thing of beauty.IM SORRY:...for that time it was snowing out and I forgot I was wearing fur and leather and came in and sat down. They never let on or abused me. I realized I was a wilder beast when I left.
#REVIEW#Wow, I LOVED this place. Get the un chicken salad. That was seriously one of the best salads I've ever had.
#REVIEW#I don't live in NY but we can say I'm a regular at this cafe. I love their cinnamon buns; I stop in every time I visit bcuz of them! *tip they only make them on weekends* the food is also delicious. This last time we went in we had the tahini sandwich, and the tofu quiche. We also had the strawberry cheesecake and double chocolate chip cookies! We're vegan but with a huge appetite lol. Needless to say everything we ate was amazing! I loved the quiche soooo much; I've been trying to recreate it at home. And the dessert of course was the best BUT seriously go on a weekend and try the cinnamon bun it has pecans in it and I swear it is the best I've ever had! 100% recommend this place, I will be back, see you in the summer New York/ Cinnamon bun :)
#REVIEW#***3.5 starsAs a disclaimer, this review is written from the perspective of a non-vegan. Looking for a place with relatively healthy food (pre-thanksgiving diet anyone?), we decided to try Peacefood Cafe in the UWS for dinner. Even on a cold Tuesday night, this place was quite full. The atmosphere was cute and inviting with some funky bright art deco. The waitstaff were kept pretty busy throughout the meal, but we were able to wave them down when we needed assistance. They were very nice!We decided to try the lasagna, asian greens salad, japanese pumpkin and brussel sprouts vegetable plate, and the side of chickpea fries. My favorite was definitely the chickpea fries; they were well spiced and had a great dipping sauce. The lasagna was a little strange; it's served cold (the waitress was nice enough to warn us!) and, of course, entirely made of vegetables with an interesting cashew cheese. I'm not sure I'd have that again. Overall, I think this is an important addition to the UWS because the vegan options are pretty limited. However as a non-vegan just looking for healthy options I'm not certain I'll be rushing back.
#REVIEW#They do better original dishes than they do vegan versions of traditionally non-vegan foods. The vegan cheeseburger patty felt too dense and out of proportion with the other condiments in the burger. The dessert was a little too sweet and the texture of the cheesecake felt too tacky to be called "cheesecake".
#REVIEW#This is my second time at Peacefood (the first time was at the other location) and it was much much better.We came for lunch, a group of 4 and we selected many options from the menu. My favorite by far was the basket of unchicken nuggets!All the food was good, the waitress was also very kind, but it took a bit more than average for the food to be served.Besides that - great Sunday lunch!
#REVIEW#HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! First became a must each time I visited NYC, and now that I live here, it's always on my list of go-to restaurants. I'm not vegan, but I can't do dairy, so good vegan options are always nice! I always tell people to try different things when they frequent somewhere, but I'm guilty of consistently ordering the penne un-chicken parmesan. SO GOOD! I believe it's only available at this location, along with one of my other favorites, the macho nachos! Because items are vegan and some also gluten-free, if you're used to "the real thing", some options are a little different than their dairy/meat-filled originals. But things always taste great! A handful of the desserts have coconut in them, so I haven't tried them all (not a coconut fan at all) but you're bound to love what you order!
#REVIEW#Such a great selection of vegan food.I'd go for the chickpea fries and split them with a friend.The salads and sandwiches are very good here.
#REVIEW#The Peacefood Cafe has been one of my favorite spots in NYC for the past few years for some quality vegan fare. Preferably, I like eating at the Upper West Side location because service is always prompt and the environment is very laid back. As a non-vegan, I'm thoroughly impressed with the way the chefs are able to make plant-based ingredients taste like their non-plant based counterparts. My go-to dish is the vegan cheese burger. Surprisingly, it has a very realistic meat texture and the daiya cheese is always perfectly melted. As an appetizer, I enjoy getting the Shanghai dumplings, which although stuffed with mushrooms instead of pork or chicken, taste exactly like the kind of fried dumplings you'd get at a Chinese take out spot.   Oh and if you come here, dessert is obligatory. All desserts are egg and dairy free, but are oh so delectable! My personal favorites are the chocolate chip cookie sandwich (or just the chocolate chip cookies), the key lime pie, or the tiramisu, paired up with a nice shot of espresso.
#REVIEW#My picky son had unchicken fingers(not official name I don't think, it was lunch special) and I had soup of the day and chickpea fries. Everything was so good and so filling. On our way out we couldn't pass up the display of goodies so bought chocolate cookies whoppers(mint cream filling) and gf caramélisés onion biscuit. All were heavenly.
