#NAME#The Lobster Place
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-lobster-place-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#seafoodmarkets,seafood#RATING#4.0
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#This is a casual counter-serve sea food and raw bar located in the center of Chelsea Market. They have a nice selection of oysters and langoustines. Usually crowded. Seating's often limited. If you prefer a different setting, Cull & Pistol (next door) is a full service restaurant that has many of the same raw items on their menu.
#REVIEW#Inside Chelsea market, it's like a seafood heaven in here. From a variety of shellfish, sashimi, lobster and more. Been here a few times and I love it. It good for a quick bite when trying small amount of different seafood foods. Don't let the crowds overwhelm you. It's pretty quick as many people go in and out. Came with 2 other friends visit from Texas. We each got one item and shared. (Oyster, lobster roll and sashimi)At the center seafood bars, it's super easy to order. Just grab an order sheet and check off what you want , then hand it to one of the staff behind the counter. Oyster. There's a sign above the oyster bar area that lets you know how salty, sweet,  size of the oyster, and where it's from. Good visual for people that are not familiar with the types of oyster. Lobster roll was kind of pricy. Didn't remember it being that expensive, but it was worth it to try again.
#REVIEW#The Lobster Place was recommended to me by a friend.  It is a seafood market / casual dining space, with an attached sit-down restaurant.They have sushi, shellfish, lobster rolls, soups, and other options for dining.  The lobsters are a little on the expensive side, but the sushi is pretty reasonably priced for the area.  The lobster rolls are a good size for the price and are delicious.I really like The Lobster Place and can definitely see myself returning for a quick bite!
#REVIEW#MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PLACE IN CHELSEA MARKET!!! I'm from the south and NO ONE has lobster rolls. It makes my heart cry with sadness. So when I come here, I always get one and it's beyond amazing!!!This place does get busy! So be prepared to shove people around.. lmao! Jkiddins. Don't shove them, but politely say "excuse me" hehe. When you enter the lobster place, walk all the way to the back pass the fresh seafood and it'll be on your right hand side. The line was a bit long, but that's fine. Worth the wait! Their menu is on the wall to the right. You order from the cashier and pick up around the corner. I ordered the lobster roll and a small New England Clam Chowder. They will give you a cup to scoop the soup yourself on the side. Pretty convenient I say! Since they were busy, it took about 7-10mins to get our roll. No biggie at all. They do have tables, but no chairs. So be prepare to stand and eat. The lobster roll was glistening when I received it! The buns/bread was nicely buttered and toasted. The lobster was nicely mixed in whatever deliciousness they put it in. I died in heaven eating this!! Haha. Their Clam Chowder was amazing!!! You can taste the clam in the cream base soup! Their potatoes were cooked perfectly in it. I'm waiting to eat this all over again!!!
#REVIEW#This place is located in the Chelsea market. There are varieties of seafood for display when you walk in. If you get to the far inside section, the lobsters are on display and you can choose which one you want. Upon ordering, they  cook it for you so the lobster is super fresh and delicious. I also got the clam chowder and there are 5-6 different kinds you can choose from. The lobster was perfectly cooked, had good texture and taste.
#REVIEW#Loved the lobster bisque soup! I appreciate that you are able to sample the soup before you get them. I think the lobster bisque is the most unique and flavorful but other soups were also yummy.We also got the king crab legs, they were already cracked for you so it's not too difficult to eat them. So simple yet so good, just dip in butter.
#REVIEW#The Lobster Place is a Chelsea Market institution and is simultaneously a tourist destination as well as a place locals can trust for fresh seafood.I always end up here for their oysters and sometimes for their sushi bar.  They have a large assortment of oysters and have a board overhead with a list so you can decide what you want based on your preference of salinity and sweetness.  The oysters are sourced from both coasts of North America and include everything from a Kumamoto from Northern California to a Daisy Bay from Price Edward Island.  The oysters are always perfectly shucked and taste great.  They have options for clams, king crab legs, and langoustines.  They even have the option to cut open a whole sea urchin so you can eat the uni with a spoon.Pricing is fair, but gets expensive as you start ordering a variety of items.  Fresh seafood is just an expensive treat anyway.  The Lobster Place is no more expensive than any other oyster house that serves oysters from a variety of vendors.  The turnover here is fast, so you can be guaranteed that the oysters will be as fresh as can be.The sushi counter offers great quality sushi at a fair price.  Again, it adds up as you start going crazy and ordering more and more, but you'll be really happy with what you get.The only thing I would stay away from, ironically, is the actual steamed lobsters.  They're pretty pricey and seem to be parboiled first before being warmed up again when ordered.  They do have some live lobsters there, but when you order a whole lobster, they take one that's already red and on ice and steam it to warm it up for you.This place also has lots of locally sourced dairy and sauces that I'd love to try as well.It may look like a tourist trap, but it's not.  Tourists are lucky they get the quality and the pricing The Lobster Place offers (except for the lobsters themselves).  I gave four stars since a place called The Lobster Place should have great lobsters, but they don't.
#REVIEW#Went with the sushi option. Started with Miso Soup, it had a nice fish flavor and was good and hot. My only commitment is it did not have a lot of substance to the soup.  I had the edamame and it was good, however it was not fully heated.  I then had the Sake Hand Roll, very fresh and delicious. The salmon sushi and fish eggs were outstanding.Service was good and they gave you a hot towel before the meal. The place had a large variety of both cooked and raw options.
#REVIEW#Couldn't resist trying the steamed lobster after watching all the other people eat it. Although it's pricey it was so worth it. I ordered the small and wished I would've gotten the medium or large even. The meat was really fresh and juicy. Skip the lobster mac n cheese though. I've had better ones at other places.
#REVIEW#Came in a little bit after lunch time to get their lobster roll. After my friend had introduced me to lobster roll, I was on a quest to find one that is equally as good. The bread is very crispy and there are bits and pieces of celery with the lobster. The lobster itself was chilly which worked really well with the toasted bread. The piece of lettuce was a mere decoration. Although butter is traditionally on lobster roll, no butter was given and yet none was needed. It's a bit cheaper than I'm used to but the roll is also a bit smaller. Nevertheless it is definitely one of the best rolls I had!
#REVIEW#Located in the Chelsea market. Fresh seafood as well as beer and wine can be purchased here. They sell seafood a la carte to go as well as fresh seafood cooked there for purchase. I recommend popping in to see what they offer
#REVIEW#Amazing lobster and very reasonably priced. Stumbled upon this bustling seafood food court at Chelsea market. The Lobster place offers various size lobsters starting at $33 for a small (1.5 pound). That was plenty to share for 2 but you can also get soup to fill up. The lobster is steamed fresh right there and even pre-cracked for you so no need for messy claw crackers. It was super juicy, tender, sweet, fresh. Very thoughtful as well to provide patrons with plastic gloves so you can dig in and walk away with relatively clean hands that didn't require multiple washes to get rid of the fishy smell. I would definitely go back!!!
#REVIEW#The lobster was amazing! I was hesitant because it was 10AM to order the lobster, but decided we only live once! This was the best decision that I made, it was so delicious! I ordered the medium lobster, it was steamed and ready within 10 minutes. The lobster was already cut in the right places to make it easy to eat. As you can see in my pictures, the lobster was rich in flavor with a lot of meat!
#REVIEW#We were here exploring Chelsea market and decided to try this place for lunch. We got the slider sampler which includes a lobster, crab and shrimp slider. We also got a small cup of clam chowder. It was a good deal if you want to sample the various seafood. I personally like the lobster roll the most, followed by the crab and then the shrimp. The lobster was fresh and meaty and tasted soooo good. The crab seems like they marinated with lemongrass which was nice as well. The shrimp was just ok, nothing really special. The bread is like the king's Hawaiian bread which went well with the seafood. The chowder was a nice touch as it was a cold day and of course went well with the the sliders as well. People around me was all getting whole lobsters which look amazing and delicious. Overall, a good place for lunch and if you're craving seafood as there are other options such as sushi, oysters etc.
#REVIEW#Great for a quick bite after the Highline and the Whitney!  Standing bar or high stools.  Cool and refreshing!
#REVIEW#Lobster Place is one of my favorite eateries inside the Chelsea Market! My go-to is to usually order one of the PICNIC BOXES -- it comes with either a lobster roll or crab roll (both mayo dressed), a drink, bag of chips, and a small dessert (usually a cookie). That's a pretty reasonable combo of food for ~$20. I have a slight preference for the lobster roll because it's really fresh and sweet! The crab is also sweet but I find they over-salt it just a bit. I also love the CLAM CHOWDER or LOBSTER BISQUE if I'm in the mood for something soupy. But the picnic box is usually filling enough but leaves me with enough room to get more snacks at other vendors inside the Chelsea Market.If you're on the mood for quick, quality seafood at Chelsea Market...come to the Lobster Place! Next time I'll try some oysters a la carte.
#REVIEW#- Great lunch box at Cullen and Peele section- I liked the lobster roll over the crab, but both were delicious- I died the cold crab, in the warm bread- Hopefully you go with two people, so you can commander one of the areas with a seat- The sangria was good, just too much ice- Nothing more to add that 1400 people didn't already say
#REVIEW#Oh my goodness... had quite possibly the best lobster roll of my life here. Was initially surprised by how small the container is, but while the actual roll is on the smaller side, they stuff a very impressive and commendable amount of VERY FRESH lobster in that small, but perfectly toasted and buttered roll. The bread is super buttery and warm, and the lobster is dressed in the perfect amount of mayo to hold it all together without overwhelming the fresh lobster. Each bite was seriously perfect. Must get when you're at Chelsea Market.They also have a ton of other fresh seafood offerings like oysters, regular lobster, crab, fish, clam chowder, and even a sushi bar.
#REVIEW#This place is bananas busy like most of the locations within Chelsea Market at mealtimes. However, the service was efficient and organized to reduce wait times. Go team! I ordered a "lunch box combo" - a lobster roll, chips, Oreos and a drink for $21. I would recommend ordering items separately in the future. My lobster roll was so fresh and refreshing. It was light in the mayo and heavy on citrus. The bun was tossed with fresh greens. I would return in a heartbeat to explore more of the fresh seafood options. Note this location does not have any seating so plan on inhaling your meal while standing by a metal counter.
#REVIEW#We ordered a Lobster and Clam bake kit, which was shipped to our home in Cali. Food arrived promptly and everything was still alive, which is great. They provide you with everything you would need, including the pot, bibs, clarified butter, lemon, clam juice, cracker and little forks, and of course the seafood, plus sweet corn on the cob and little potatoes.While I have cooked frozen and pre-cooked seafood, I have never handled live sea critters. There is a bit of a discomfort factor, but we vowed to enjoy every bit of the seafood to honor their sacrifice.The preparation was a snap. You just bring about 4 cups of water to a boil layer half of the provided seaweed, corn, potatoes, lobster, clams, mussels and steamers, followed by the remaining layer of seaweed. Then you pop the lid on it and wait about 24 minutes to enjoy the yummies.Everything turned out amazing and no seasoning was needed. I would highly recommend this to anyone.Ps: the pot they send us recyclable.
