#NAME#Sushi Nakazawa
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-nakazawa-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#japanese,sushi#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$$$
#REVIEW#I came here with my husband for his birthday. We did the sushi bar. I can't say that I've been a big sushi person, but after Sushi Nakazawa, I'm not sure I've had good sushi before. This was one of the best meals of my life. The pieces of sushi were huge! And so delicious and complex. My husband and I each had different favorites but mine was definitely a smoked salmon.The drink menu is definitely priced to move the sake pairing. The wines are insanely overpriced. It is very very clear how much they pride themselves on their hospitality and service. This is something I normally really love but they took it to another level. I felt a little uncomfortable having my seat pushed in for me every time. But I suppose that was the best way to get in and I'll trust them on that.We came pretty dressy and that felt appropriate given the service and hospitality but others were dressed pretty casually.
#REVIEW#Probably the best quality sushi for the price. The service was good and attentive, food came in good pace, price is reasonable. My favourite was the uni, scallop, tuna tartar and the tea at the end of the meal.
#REVIEW#The sushi wasn't super memorable and didn't match up with the hype. It had too many of the same things, a course with 3 tuna (but no otoro), another with 3 salmon. I really wanted to see things like octopus or ame ebi. I know that sushi Nakazawa is known for the tamago but that was just not for me. I guess I prefer it the traditional way and this tasted more like eggy sponge cake. The dessert was a terrible let down. It was a lychee sorbet that was very syrupy and sweet - more like something you'd get at generic Asian fusion restaurants.
#REVIEW#The best way to describe this place is just plain amazing. I do not consider myself a sushi expert, but more an enthusiast. So I honestly wasn't sure if I'd be able to tell the difference between this and a typical sushi place I'd visit where the pieces are a fraction of the cost. But I was blown away. The cuts all seemed to just melt in my mouth and the rice was perfectly seasoned. The amount of attention payed to each piece was noticed as well as the attentiveness of all the staff. The decor was elegant and the atmosphere sophisticated. While most people were more dressed up there were also some who were in just jeans and a nice shirt. Keeping in mind the substantial cost, I'd highly recommend a visit to this place if you are able. Remember to make reservations 30 days in advance.
#REVIEW#Omg. The food, the service, the ambiance!  My husband and I were able to snag a reservation for lunch via the cancellation list. So happy we did!  Amazing. The fish is incredible. We've never been to japan but we were definitely transported today although a good portion of the fish served is local!  So many flavors. Great recommendation on the sake. We had the additional A5 Wagu beef with black truffle. Every bite was worth the extra $$. If you can get a reservation go!
#REVIEW#I really wanted to like Nakazawa but my experience here did not live up to my expectations and its reputation. Given the $150 price tag, their Michelin star status, and the chef being Jiro's apprentice, I was expecting an amazing sushi experience but it fell far from that. Their sushi weren't substantially better than some mid-tier sushi joints to warrant the hefty price tag. Out of the 20 course tasting menu, only 3 pieces stood out (sweet shrimp, scallop, tamago) which accounts for only 15% of the meal.  The other pieces were pretty forgettable. None of their salmon and tuna pieces had that fatty taste that just melts in your mouth. The squid was chewy and had no taste. I don't mind paying more for great sushi but Nakazawa isn't worth it for what you get.They do have excellent service and an amazing sake pairing experience here so if service is important to you, this might be a good place to come to impress your date. But if you are a sushi purist who puts more emphasis on food, you might be disappointed with what Nakazawa have to offer. Overall, I am glad I tried this place but I doubt I will be back.
#REVIEW#I dined at the bar around 9pm. The service and sushi were outstanding and some of the sushi were mind blowing! The chefs explained everything and I felt very educated while I was eating. BUT.. there was a small roach crawling on the wall. One chef found it out and picked it up pretty quickly but it was shocking to see a roach in a fine dining restaurant like that and it was more horrifying because their interior is so white so I could see it very clearly.. I didn't say anything because I felt bad for the chefs somehow but I don't think I would come back to this place.
#REVIEW#Definitely one of my best meals and experience in NYC. I've had a handful of omakase experiences, and my take on Nakazawa is that the sushi focuses more on simple flavors to accentuate the freshness of the fish, and that chef Nakazawa is such a friendly guy with a playful personality. Look at the photo we took lol. I was even able to chat with him after and he was very easy to talk to. 20 pieces course meal for $150 is a great deal, however I was upset how I was charged $24 for water. I guess I didn't hear tap water as an option and got still water, and was shocked by the $12 water each. Had I had known I would've gotten sake instead..The customer service was excellent. I felt like a queen, pushing my chair for me and refilling our tea for us. 5 stars. My favorites were the king salmon, golden eye snapper with lemon juice and sea salt, medium fatty tuna, and fatty tuna hand roll. Food gasm. Allocate 2 hours for dinner and get the chef table experience if you can, but book ahead through open table. I booked a month in advance and only 5pm or 9pm were available, 7:15 was already booked for the weekend, and 5pm dinner did cut into our daylight time for our short NYC weekend  trip - just to keep in mind. Overall, the experience was amazing, quality was top notch, service was great. Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#To say I was disappointed is putting it quite lightly. The chef is known through his appearance in Jiro Dreams of Sushi and the restaurant had been highly rated in the New York Times as well as earning a single Michelin star. That being said, the sushi wasn't all that amazing given the price point.At $150, the sushi didn't taste much better than an $80 Omakase I could have gotten in California. The sushi itself was good quality, but I wasn't really blown away or impressed by any of the dishes. Actually my favorite sushi pieces were the crab and Uni, which probably required the least fish technique out of the bunch. I thought some do the additions were unnecessary, like the finger like on the shrimp was unneeded and didn't so much for the dish.Overall the food was fine but it was quite disappointing for the price point.
#REVIEW#Exceptional Omakase experience. Well worth the advance planning and the price tag, in my opinion. When we first walked in, honestly it was a little stiff and slightly uncomfortable, due to just how intimate and formal the setting was. However, the environment loosened up a bit, as we all got settled in and as the chefs became more comfortable chatting with us and the other patrons. Throughout, service was impeccable and beyond attentive, making us feel so cared for.The Omakase was spectacular, the type of sushi experience that ruins my ability to enjoy sushi elsewhere that's not on the same level.Each and every single piece melted in my mouth, and the variety of more simple straightforward pieces with carefully crafted unique combinations of fish and sauce/accent ingredients was delicious. The first few pieces were varieties of salmon nigiri, with each piece even more remarkable than the previous. There honestly wasn't a single piece that I wasn't a fan of. Towards the end of the Omakase, you get a choice between two different types of uni or seared wagyu, and I went for the latter as I'm personally not a huge fan of uni. Ended with one of the best unagi nigiri I've ever tasted followed with a perfectly executed, delicate tamago.
#REVIEW#Sushi Nakazawa is a solid sushi/omakase restaurant. They had three different levels of omakase choices, the difference in prices ranging between $10-25. I remember I got the middle tier option. The sushi was fresh and seasoned well. However, my one critique was that some of the flavours of the sushi blended together. I can only handle so much yuzu sauce before it all starts to taste the same.The service is good. The sommelier was excellent and made sure that we were attended to. The presentation/explanation of each sushi could have been clearer. I got confused as to which sushi our server was explaining because he was taking so rapidly without breaks in between each fish.Overall, good experience at Sushi Nakazawa.
#REVIEW#Maybe I have been here too many times, but this  place has started to lose its appeal. The service is still flawless so no complaints there, but I was pretty underwhelmed by the omakase during a recent visit. The flavors seemed more bland. Dare I say this, but the uni from Hakkaido was not the high quality uni I was used to having here. I also did not like the flavor of the rice. It overpowered much of the fish and left an almost bitter aftertaste. Uni aside, the quality of all the other fish still seemed very high so I cannot leave less than 4 stars.
#REVIEW#Was somewhat skeptical, since I scored a last-minute reservation at the sushi bar for lunch.First impression was that their storefront is a bit weathered, however, upon entering the maitre d' was very kind and well attired. I appreciated the formal service and suiting of the waiters and waitresses!Very tasty nigiri, excellent rice, and nice fish selection, however, I was nonplussed by the profusion of pre-cut fish and use of the blowtorch. I prefer a more traditional grilling method, and pre-cut is not as delicate or attentive as I would have liked. This is likely a function of the lunch rendez-vous.They balance traditional nigiri methods and even pressed sushi with some more innovative flavors and sauces. The shari (rice) is warm and sticky with a touch of vinegar. Very traditional in an excellent way. Even their ginger has vinegar in it. The flavor profile here reminds me of a more modern Kurumazushi, if you're familiar with the midtown outpost.The decor is dark and formal, but service is polite and kind. The sushi chefs are excellent. I had a female sushi chef, which is good to see. They are all Japanese, and I was happy to see her flexibility in adapting to the different diners' needs and preferences while maintaining a good pace and flow throughout.Some standout pieces for me were the pressed crab sushi with crab innards, the wagyu beef, and kombu (herring roe). I have a feeling that this would be an easy 5-star experience were I there for dinner. Alas, that will have to await another time.
#REVIEW#I've been dreaming of this place for a while now and my birthday was the prime opportunity to make it happen! I rewatched the Netflix documentary a couple days prior to re wet my appetite and it was everything I hoped for an more. The attention to detail is unmatched from the superb service to the unbelievable quality of the food. The best dining experience I've ever had! We had the 7 course meal which had 20 pieces of sushi and ordered a fruity, floral tasting sake to go with it. I couldn't resist adding the A5 wagyu beef with the black truffle shavings as well, the only in my party to do so. I'm still in awe from the experience and I don't know how I can go back to ordinary sushi ever again.
#REVIEW#Wow - I'm ruined for Sushi everywhere.My husband and I came here for 1st seating lunch at 11:30 on a Friday to have Omakase.  Chef Nakazawa was not preparing the food but his two chefs were.Food: There are no words to describe how good the sushi was and how much flavor and care went into the preparation.  We actually saw the fish delivery for that day come in 10 minutes before they opened.  If the Wagyu is on the menu as a special - GET IT!Decor: It's a beautiful clean venue.  I loved the experience of waiting in the lounge before our meal and then being seated at the bar.  Everything was meticulous.Service: Impeccable.  Very low ratio of attendants to guests.Price: Omakase starts at $150 and that is a steal.  The only thing that does bother me (and this is more in general not with just Sushi Nakazawa) is that we paid a 10x on a bottle of Sake.  I'm use to 3x, 10x just hurts.Notable Extras: I may never make it to Japan to eat at Jiro's counter but I'm OK with that now as I doubt the experience of the sushi could really beat Sushi Nakazawa.  Parent Note: This is not a baby or kid friendly restaurant.  Don't be that person that brings your young children and ruins it for everyone.  As a parent, I'm asking you to not give us all a bad name.
#REVIEW#This is a late review for our Mother's Day dinner. Our lovely daughter made the reservation, which I only knew later the place was reservation only and in high demand. I watched a documentary movie about the famous sushi master, one of his apprentice was a young man, where he did 15 years egg. That young man later came to NYC and opened a place called Sushi Nakazawa. By now Chef Nakazawa was no longer in the restaurant making sushi for eager customers.But still this is the best sushi eating experience I had. No dipping into the soy sauce and wasabi, each piece was meticulously prepared and flavored by the chef. The sushi and fish meat were all in perfect temperature, when entering your mouth, no strong punch of sauce, no sudden cold feeling, it's soft and smooth, flavor spread with pleasant sensation. Before every piece served, the floor manager gave a short presentation and answered questions. Their attention to details, food or services, were meticulously carried out. We had a great dinner, a wonderful Mother's Day. Thank you my sweet girl! Thank you Mathew!
#REVIEW#My boyfriend and I treat each other to an expensive dinner every Christmas, and this year we wanted sushi. Nakazawa was at the top of both our lists, and we stayed up until midnight to make reservations at the coveted sushi bar for New Year's Eve. It was a dark and stormy night, and we were ready for some solace of the sushi variety. We were pleasantly surprised to see Chef Nakazawa himself behind the bar, and he handed us every piece of sushi we ate that night. Beginning with a complimentary bonus salmon piece that we received (due to a slight wait before the omakase began), and ending with that famous tamago, we had a flawless experience from the start to end. Nakazawa's presence only added to it - he is one of the most cheerful people I've ever met and he joked and chatted with everyone throughout the night, then happily posed for photos after. (I've included one of ours here; it captures his personality well.) One woman didn't realize he was the chef halfway through the meal (!) and I won't go into it, but let's just say hilarity ensued. As for the food...King salmon. Scallop. Squid. Dungeness crab. Golden snapper. Horse mackerel. Albacore tuna. Blue fin tuna - three different grades of cut from same fish. Every bite a symphony of flavor and texture, and the rice was half of it. Like no rice I've ever had before. Lychee sorbet capped off our meal - the perfect conclusion. My god, the whole thing brings a tear to my eye. If you are trying to make a decision as to which obscenely priced sushi you should eat first in this obscenely priced city, make Nakazawa your choice. Also, if he doesn't have a Netflix show by this time next year, I'm canceling my subscription.
#REVIEW#I've eaten here probably ten times now and those were the ten best meals of my life. The food here is simply divine. Every piece is at the very least amazing. About half of the pieces are blow-your-mind, eyes-roll-back-in-your-head, out-of-this-world delicious. Words really don't do it justice. If I could give Nakazawa ten stars, I would. Eat here. You will not regret it.
#REVIEW#Giving the experience I had anything less then 5 stars should be considered a high crime and should be punishable by a combination of prison time, community service, and mandated fishing for the restaurant.Everything from the waiting area, cleanliness, atmosphere, customer service, and food obviously was 5 stars. We were lucky enough to get seated right in front of our sushi chef. A demure skilled sushi chef with a fluid culinary rhythm that begs to be watched.   I guess I should have prefaced this review with: This is the best sushi I've ever eaten in my life. It is in a different league, different world #GreatShow, different atmospheric layer than anything I've ever had before. After watching Jiro dreams of Sushi approximately 7 times over the past few years, I've really come to a better understanding of the prep work and intricacy that goes on behind the scenes. Some of the sushi we had was "hay-smoked", soy marinated, and tenderized in preperation. Like I said, the overall meal was outstanding. And yes... completely worth the price. How many meals do you remember in vivid detail in your life? I'd be happy to eat Costco Chicken for a solid month and have a Sushi Nakazawa meal at the end in reward. The amount of sushi we had was exhaustive and I didn't want to take pictures of everything (cause I felt it rude)... but I'll tell you that some of the standouts were the *Hay-smoked salmon*The blowtorched other salmon *The whitefish with freshly grated yuzu zest *The king snapper ( HOLY SNAPPER). It was clear why this one was the "king". *The medium toro tuna *The blowtorched A5 seared waygu beef. Watching the chef score the meat before searing was mesmerizing *And the shrimp with finger lime. For dessert we were served fresh lychee sorbet with a small cup of tea. I was very comfortably full at the end of our meal. The perfect fullness for an impromptu walk around Greenwich Village to check out some of the "familial" establishments.Also... I see a ton of people on the listing who booked months in advance. We were able to book a couple of days out for lunch service at the sushi counter just FYI. Having had this experience, it just makes me that much more excited to see and experience Jiro's restaurant in Japan. Soon enough... soon enough. #MikeDreamsOfJirosSushiP.S.: If you want to know howI truly feel about this meal; search on youtube for the tv theme song from Different World Season 1 ( that's important season 1). And check out Dawnn Lewis' jump rope routine.
#REVIEW#An amazing culinary experience. I would have to say the best sushi I've ever had. The amount of care that goes into craft each sushi pieces is simply astounding. We sat for a 1:30 PM omakase lunch and place only had 6 including us with two sushi chefs. Meticulous interior and white-glove service was a given.Out of the 15 or so pieces, I loved the following the most:Soy marinated King salmon - Sweet and subtleBig fin squid - So umami. Stick to your teeth fresh. Golden snapper - Quickly torched on the edges, smoky & decadentMedium fatty toro - Just the right amount of fat makes this the king Uni (Hokkaido) - Oh so sweet (esp. compared to Maine uni which tasted metallic*) Jonas crab - Chewy and brinyTamago - A sweet surprise at the very end!Wagyu Beef (additional order) - At like $13 a piece, I hesitated ordering this but so glad I did. Quickly seared on a torched hot stone, that was the most melt-in-your-mouth piece of beef I've ever had in my life! I still drool when thinking of this. We had this young Asian sushi master and we dropped speaking to him in Japanese soon because we realized he's prob from the US. He was. :) Trained in the US and he was very courteous explaining why Maine uni taste so metallic etc. and watched him prep a bunch of golden snapper fillets. Finished with lychee dessert and remaining sips of hoji tea, we were full in the best way possible (solid, but not burdened). What an experience. I highly recommend Sushi Nakazawa to couples' intimate omakase experience. (Or solo for lunch, too)
