#NAME#Prince Street Pizza
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/prince-street-pizza-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza,italian#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$
#REVIEW#People always ask what the best pizza is in New York City. THIS IS THE BEST PIZZA IN NEW YORK CITY. Get that 'roni slice.
#REVIEW#I had a slice of this pizza last week and I'm still thinking of it. The crispy pepperoni on top were delicious. The crust tasted buttery. I can't believe I'm still thinking of this pizza a week later. There was a layer of grease that I actually enjoyed. Totally worth the hype and waiting in a line for 15 minutes. The line does move fast. Bought a slice and a soda and walked over to enjoy in the garden. It was a great afternoon.
#REVIEW#Yes the hype is unreal.  Why?  Not really sure.   Pasquale Jones deserves its hype.  Walked into this place on a Saturday at 7pm.  You'd think they have pies ready.  Negative.  Ask the guy for the slices you want and he shakes his head while he's laughing in your face.  Then he hands you a ticket.  Says. "Not sure how long it will take".  We took 3 margarita slices that were available.  Tasted like cardboard with elastic cheese.   Stay away.  Honestly don't understand the hype.And he says I'm abusive when he wants to punch me in the jaw.   Lol
#REVIEW#The lines are long but worth it. Their grandma slice is absolutely to die for. If you get it fresh out of the oven it's so crunchy and flavorful. Thank god for Price Street Pizza. I tried the white slice/green slice for the first time and it was good but nothing beats their regular slices, and absolutely nothing beats their grandma slice. I bring any and all of my NYC guests here for a true pizza experience.
#REVIEW#This pizza spot is a must-try when in New York. When we got there, it was packed, the store was small like usual. We went with a simple pepperoni pizza because we heard that the pepperonis at this spot were something else. Once we got our pizza, it smelled amazing. The first thing we did was take a piece of pepperoni and try that. And, it lived up to my expectations. Honestly the best pepperoni pizza I've ever had so far, no cap. The crust and breading of the pizza had a very nice crunch that complemented the pizza really well.Everything about this pepperoni pizza was on point. The cheese, pepperonis, crust, and oil was just right. There's probably something about the New York water! I will definitely be back on my next trip here!
#REVIEW#Oh. My. Gosh. That pepperoni pizza melt into my mouth. A pizza place worth to wait for! From the name said, of course this place is on prince street. Busy busy pizza place. We came around 9ish and waited less than 5 mins (line moves so fast!!) The fresh classic pizza is something that I never forget. Perfect crust topped with pepperoni with pull cheese - I'm hungry right now! Highly recommend!
#REVIEW#The pizza you can obtain here is pretty good, but certainly not the best ever. However you feel about this joint, expect a long line, even when it's late.I honestly think they're living off their street cred and hype. I didn't say the pizza wasn't good though--it's amazing. The pepperoni is abundant and the cheese is very cheesy. The thing is that it won't be the best thing you've had in your life and not sure if it's worth more than a 15-minute wait.I recommend coming here for the charm of Prince Street and the endless amount of activities you can do in the area. My favorite pizza joint in NYC is probably still Artichoke Basille's Pizza. Whatever your expert pizza opinion is, it's one of the world's hardest challenges to confidently say what is the best pizzeria.
#REVIEW#Prepare to wait in line but absolutely worth it. Their square pepperoni slices are absolutely to die for. I definitely recommend coming here if you are in the are or just looking to try some good NYC pizza. They don't any seats but there is room for about 5 people to stand and dine. I would give the pizza five stars but I've never had a friendly experience with the staff.
#REVIEW#Pretty amazing pizza squares.  No room to really sit/stand to eat but we managed to make it work.  Lines are long but it goes by fast and imo, the wait was worth it.  Their square slice is pretty hefty and filling so one was good enough for me...actually probably could've had one more bc it was pretty damn good.  I loved how there is a bit of a crunch in their crust with a perfect amount of toppings, cheese, and sauce. Mmm....wishing I had one now.
#REVIEW#I came to Prince Street 6PM on a Wednesday, and as expected, there was a wait of about 10 minutes. I'd recommend bringing cash as you're charged more if you pay with your credit card. I ordered the spicy pepperoni square, and it was underwhelming. The crust was bready, toppings kept sliding off, not much cheese. The highlight of this pizza was the crispy, buttery pepperoni. On top of that, you only get a box if you order 2+ slices. It would be nice to see single to go boxes, since the only to go option the only option is a paper bag - the toppings ended up sliding off, greasing the bag and making my trip back home very messy.
#REVIEW#Prince Street Pizza is one of those must do spots while in NYC. You'll find this original location right on Prince Street (as it should be) in the cute Nolita neighborhood surrounded by unique shops and cafes. My friend and I went on a weekday about 15 minutes before opening and there was a line already which in those last 15 minutes ended up getting longer & longer, all the way down the block. Once they opened (15 mins late, oy), the line did move pretty quickly though.Once you get your slices, there is not seating so you're either standing or going somewhere to find a seat. We walked nearby to a stoop and chilled eating our pizza on the street.It's more doughy than you may used to, but in all the right ways. My friend and I had the Spicy Spring square pepperoni pizza, which is the most infamous of all their styles. Loved the perfectly round, tiny circles of pepperoni and overall just a very, very solid pizza. Verdict: Worth the hype! It's almost 10am, get over there!
#REVIEW#UPDATED: The more I come here, the less it appeases me. Mainly because I received a cold, burnt piece of pepperoni pizza. I didn't pay $5 for this.. pepperoni is still salty ripp OMFG! The BEST drunk food out there (tying with Artichoke.. I know this is a cop out). The line is really long after a certain time, but it moves steadily. I went twice in two days (I know, I'm a fatass). My friend and I got the sicilian and the famous pepperoni.  The first experience was so magical I had to come back. The pepperoni just the right amount of THICC (mainly because some are layered on top of each other) and crispy. The sicilian soo ~saucyyyy~ and cheesy. Both cooked with a slight crisp, (and not thin.. I hate thin pizza lol). So yes, after having this experience I had to come back again. The second time around, however, was a bit disappointing. I went with another friend and got the same thing. She loved the sicilian, but the pepperoni that day was a bit salty.. and not in the good way. Either way, this place is still dope and the pizza is delicious. If you're in the area one night, definitely check this place out after partying. It's saying something that I wasn't able to take a photo of the actual pizzas because I couldn't help just eating them (not sure if that says more about me or the pizza...hmmm.
#REVIEW#One of the best pizza places every. I love their pepperoni squares and their margarita slice. You get at least a slice of pepperoni in every bite of your pepperoni square and that is how real pepperoni pizza should be.Keep in mind, this is a small shop. Do not expect there to be seats. There is a small standing area for you to enjoy your pizza at in the store, but it's usually filled with other people enjoying their pizza. It can get extremely crowded once the weather is warmer and better, but usually, the wait is definitely worth it.
#REVIEW#If you follow any pizza related account on Instagram certainly you've seen photos of Prince Street Pizza's (PSP) "Spicy Spring". The square slices that are packed with pepperoni aren't easily forgotten and are often imitated. As I follow PSP on social media and many other pizza related IG accounts, I have been longing for this pie for quite some time. Last weekend I went on a trip to NYC and finally made it happen. What I ordered: A slice of Spicy Spring, which is a square slice with a spicy sauce, loaded with cupped pepperoni and topped with the best cheese ever (best slice of pizza I've ever eaten). A vodka slice, standard shape slice but vodka cream sauce is the base (Second best slice of pizza I've ever tasted). I also got a standard cheese slice that was pretty good. If you go for your first time I would highly suggest a slice of Spicy Spring and a Vodka Slice. There may be better pizza out there but I doubt it, I just can't imagine better pizza. Oh, both of my friends raved about the smoked mozzarella slice, but I didn't order it. I'll try that upon my next visit.  The location is off Prince Street in Manhattan. I went Sunday at 11:00 A.M. and there was zero line. Around noon things started to pick up and a line was out the door. I was there for so long because after I ate my three slices I decided to order a whole pizza and drive it back to Maryland lol. This spot does not have tables and you order at a register. There are counters against each wall where you can stand and eat. Street parking all along Prince Street is available but get there before the lunch rush. I'm going back to New York at the end of the month and I would be surprised if I hit PSP less than twice during my trip. This place is worth the hype. P.S. Prince Street Pizza ships their pizza's through Goldbely.com. I ordered one a few months ago and it's the real deal. Marginal difference in quality compared to having it shipped and eating it in the store. The crust is a better on site but it's still 100% worth ordering off Goldbely if you can't make it to NYC.
#REVIEW#In my opinion, this is the best pizza in NYC.  I love the square spicy slice here.  It's the perfect combination of doughy, spicy, and stuffed to the brim with pepperoni.Pro tip:  Call ahead and order a whole pie.  You can walk right in, skip the line, and pick up your order, leaving those waiting in the dust and glaring!
#REVIEW#Prince Street Pizza was high up on my list of things to do in New York, as it was recommended by multiple friends and with the sheer number of reviews. Heard about the long lines so visited early, around 10am, on a Sunday morning. There was practically no line so that was perfect. Ordered a slice of pesto pizza, which was solid -- the slice was huge, and the savoriness of the pesto, cheese, and olives went well together. A bit greasy though in my opinion. In hindsight I probably wished I tried their pepperoni to compare with other pizza places in NYC.Worth a try! Try to avoid peak hours if you don't want to wait in line.
#REVIEW#About $5 for a pepperoni sicilian slice, which is kind of pricey, but the pizza here is pretty darn tasty.There are no seats so you just stand either inside or out front to eat your pizza. I came on a weekend morning at 10am so there wasn't any line, but I could only imagine the wait during prime meal hours (or drunken nights). Save yourself the hassle and pay with cash - I found out later on that what the cashier told me he was going to charge me wasn't actually so; there was an additional CC usage markup that was not disclosed. It was only a few pennies but as a consumer I'd like to know that you're charging me 4% in order to use my Credit Card.
#REVIEW#Standing room onlyI ordered the pepperoni square ($4.40). The pepperoni was really good and really crispy. I could eat a whole plate of just those pepperonis. They say they make their own cheese in-house and it really tasted like it. Sadly the worker was pretty preoccupied and didn't put the pizza in the oven so it wasn't very hot but the pepperoni and the cheese were so good if I had a hot square it would've taken it to another level.They add an extra charge when you use a card so bring cash.
#REVIEW#This pizza here is the bomb.com! I came with a couple friends from Chicago and they said some things that would get them disowned in Chicago. May or may not have heard 'I think I like this better than deep dish' muttered under their breath. So you know it's good!! They accept credit cards.Was only able to come to a couple pizza places here in NY and I came here twice in 3 days. Ingredients here are super fresh. If they have a pesto pizza I would highly, highly recommend trying that! This place is standing room only so don't expect to come in and get seated and you order at the counter. Most slices are around $4-5. As other reviewers have said, Sicilian pepperoni should be standard fare here. Depending on the time of the day there may or may not be a line. Came on a Friday night around 8pm and waited about 5-10m in line, came on a rainy Sunday and there was no line at all at 1pm! Would definitely recommend coming here if you can only go to one pizza place in NY.
#REVIEW#You would think it would be easy to find the perfect crisp and thin pizza in NYC, no? Unfortunately there's way too many misses whether it's a burnt crust that ruins the whole pizza or thin to the point that the pizza's dough texture is essentially akin to a cracker. However, Prince Street manages to successfully be neither and is really, really good. I opted for the Sicilian once and the regular slice another day and am glad to say that both were solid. Yes, there will be ridiculous lines and you'll have to stand at eat but pizza was always meant to be a quick bite and it's worth it. Enjoy!
