#NAME#Cafe Katja
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-katja-new-york?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#german,bars,austrian#RATING#4.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#Amazing food, great prices, low noise level, great lighting. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Highly recommend making Cafe Katja a regular spot to eat at!-Katja's Ruben 5/5 (pork belly, gruyere, savoy cabbage pickles)No doubt the best Ruben I've had. Pork belly really sealed the deal for me. Ate half the next day for lunch - it reheats well and tastes almost as delicious as at the restaurant. Tried a bite of the Trout my partner ordered. Couldn't have been cooked better, IMO. Will be dining in here as often as possible
#REVIEW#After living in New York for 11 years I finally visited Cafe Katja...Sat outside on a Sunday evening, the street was quiet and chill. Our waiter was cute and friendly.tried the Bratwurst - I'm just not a sausage person I guess, but I love the sauerkraut that came with it.Weiner Schnitzel - I'm a big schnizel fan, the buttered sauce came with it was so fatty but yummy with the schnitzel. (However for the crispiness I still love Shoo Shoo's Schnitzel more...oops)
#REVIEW#Came here for dinner on 1/8/2017 with a friend and my brother. We had a pretzel in addition to the sausage sampler and the beef gulasch with spätzle. Absolutely delicious. The gulasch was tender and savory and the spätzle was just right. The sauerkraut which came with the sausage sampler was not as tart as I expected it to be. The dumplings that came with it were very good. Can't recommend it enough.We had the strudel for dessert and they were kind enough to send out some chocolate cake on the house. The strudel was absolutely wonderful, the crust was very flakey and the apple was soft (but not mushy) and sweet. The chocolate cake was on the bitter side so not exactly my cup of tea but it was good.A good meal overallI had the opportunity to eat here again recently (12/2018) and I had the schnitzel this time and also the chocolate cake again. Totally amazing. Really lived up to my memory of this place in terms of ambiance, food quality, and value for money.I'll definitely be back next time I'm in New York
#REVIEW#Came back for the sausage platter! Huge selection and variety of sausages. Amazing restaurant! Never disappointed. Always friendly service.
#REVIEW#What a fun surprise this was! Our daughters good friend from Germany who now lives in NYC  recommended this and meets us here. We would never have selected the area or selected this type of food just because it's uncharted territory for us. We had just the most enjoyable time! Folks that worked there were terrific! I didn't get the bartenders name but he was great. Our server was Sebastian and he was delightful, knowledgeable, funny and had a full on conversations with our Germán friends. So fun! The food was amazing! We had no idea what to order but our friends and Sebastian did! I think we tried about everything on the menu... ok not everything but A LOT! So full afterwards. Go give it a try.. I promise you won't be disappointed!
#REVIEW#I still have fond memories of eating here two years ago on a 4th of July afternoon after attending a wedding the day before. Manhattan was practically empty that day since everybody was out of town, so I almost had the whole restaurant to myself. The interior was rustic and gave the restaurant a very old fashioned, but welcoming atmosphere. The Wiener schnitzel was very crispy and had a few pockets of air bubbles, but dry - I didn't really mind that honestly. The spaetzle was chewy and delicious, but heavy (filling). This type of hardy cuisine might be off putting to some but I liked it alot. Did I mention the food was heavy? I completely passed out on the bus ride back home. All in all, great meal.IG: Mood4foodeatery
#REVIEW#Loosen your dirndl and get ready to immerse yourself in delicious. If you think you don't like German or Austrian food, Cafe Katja May change your mind. This cozy, convivial restaurant is less pretentious than it may look and offers an upscale, yet approachable menu focused on meat. We sat at the bar and chatted with the friendly bartenders. They have a tidy little wine list and a great deal on huge steins of German beer. Boyfriend had the pork belly and I ordered the Austrian meatballs with silky smooth, buttery mashed potatoes and roasted root veggies. Both were well prepared, came in huge portions, and absolutely delicious.We could have easily split an entrée and a salad and that's probably what we will do next time. The bill was very reasonable - - surprisingly so considering the place is slightly elegant.
#REVIEW#Really enjoyed my brunch here. I got a simple dish- scrambled eggs breakfast but I find ordering a simple dish is the best way to see the quality of ingredients and food. The sausage was fresh and not overly salted, the scrambled eggs had hints of chive and I was given a generous portion, the butter was nicely whipped, and potatoes were perfectly crispy around the edges. Wasn't expecting much from this place based on the exterior but I walked away very full and very happy.
#REVIEW#Went here on a date. The atmosphere was fantastic! The food was not my jam. I had fried chicken on my salad and ordered avocado on the side. I ate the chicken & avocado. The quinoa was under cooked. I think it was the style of food that was underwhelming. The 3 stars are for the service and the atmosphere.
#REVIEW#Absolutely loved and will be back again! The food was delicious, seating was nice, atmosphere was relaxed. The spargel (white asparagus) is imported from Europe each week and it was cooked beautifully. Beer options were solid and very fairly priced ($8-$10 for .5 liter of beer). It absolutely felt and tasted like we were in a restaurant in Europe. Our main course did take quite a long time and it turned out the waiter had never put it in - but without us even asking, they noticed we hadn't gotten our food, offered us a free round of beers, and then rushed our food out. Mistakes happened and they handled it professionally, I felt the service overall was professional too. The real highlight is the food though!
#REVIEW#What a great place to stop in and eat on the Lower East Side, delicious food, prompt courteous service, and a refreshing selection of Austrian beers, such as Stiegl!Make sure you order the pretzels as an appetizer, and if you want to go for the real Austrian vibe - order the Aufschnitt Teller - cold meats, spreads, and homemade pickles. The hickory smoked salmon was cooked to perfection if you want a lighter dish, while the more adventurous in our group raved over the goulash and schnitzel. Finish it off with cappuccino and apple streusel - you will be glad you did!
#REVIEW#I came on a late Saturday afternoon just to grab a drink and snack at the bar before meeting a friend for dinner @ Shinka. I had a Wood Nymph which was a decent whiskey cocktail and a grilled eggplant appetizer. Though nicely charred, it was only seasoned with salt and I guess I was expecting more flavor-wise...I'll be back but I'll skip the grilled eggplant next time.
#REVIEW#A friend and I headed to Cafe Katja last night for our monthly ethnic dinner outing.  I had been there twice already and knew that it was going to be an excellent dinner but I had the added pressure of hoping that my friend enjoyed it.  The restaurant is cozy with pleasant lighting and decorations.  The waitress got us seated right away (around 7pm on a Thursday) but the restaurant started to fill in soon thereafter.We selected the pretzel and charcuterie appetizers and asked the waitress for advice on one more choice.  She suggested their red cabbage salad and it was a perfect accompaniment to the other appetizers, crisp and bright and perfect for cutting through the unctuous goodness on the table.  My friend indicated that he usually didn't like liverwurst before asking to finish it off.  I kept prattling on about the amazing texture they get in their liptauer cheese. (I've made it for years from the recipe I found on the internet and haven't approached the velvety smoothness)  The blood and tongue sausage is 25% better than any I've had before and the other meats are show stoppers in their own right.  The pretzel and bread are delicious vessels to transport the dips and meats into your gaping maw.  We paired the appetizers with the small size Riegele beer and enjoyed it.We moved on to the main course and selected the Austrian Meatballs and Emmentaler sausage to share.  The meatballs and sausage were perfectly tender and seasoned wonderfully.  The quark dumplings are pillowy and take on a briny freshness from the quark.  Each plate featured a creamy sauce that was decadent.  Resist the temptation to discard the garnish, it's a reminder that great chefs make everything on the plate taste wonderful.  Cabbage and parsnips don't usually taste this good.  We paired dinner with the Spaten Optimator and enjoyed that as well.Quality atmosphere, excellent food, and an appropriately attentive and knowledgeable staff.  Certainly a great place worth returning to.
#REVIEW#Was originally heading to another place, but saw Cafe Katja and it looked pretty quiet and cozy from the outside. We had an eggplant appetizer, Austrian meatballs with mashed potato and carrots, smoked salmon for the main dishes and strudel with schlag (that's when I found out what schlag is - German style whipped cream) for dessert. The food was great, staff is very nice and friendly, we loved the dessert and were actually glad we ended up in this place. Will definitely come back to try other items on a menu!
#REVIEW#I LOVE Cafe Katja and you will too.We came here on a Friday at 7:30pm.  I arrived before my friend and was asked to wait at the bar, where I had the chance to meet the owner, Erwin Schröttner, who is so warm, funny, and engaging.  Actually, most of the staff were amazing, which was really made the entire experience for us here (shout out to Naomi!)  When my friend arrived, Erwin quickly suggested that we snag the best table in the house (a small booth-like high-top next to the bar/open kitchen).  The table was a bit separated from the rest of the diners and gave us the sense we were having a private dining experience.We tried several of their Austrian wines and the Alter Zwetschke schnapps ($12).  All of the wines are delicious (my favorite was the deep and fruity St Laurent, $52/bottle).  The schnapps were very, very strong and take some getting used to.  For food, I had the beef gulasch with a side of spätzle (beef stew with egg noodles, $24), which was sooo hearty and delicious.  As for dessert, we ordered the elderflower yogurt ($9), which was sort of like a deconstructed parfait.  I'm not used to having yogurt as a dessert, but it was actually very light and delicious.We enjoyed our experience here so much that we somehow spent 5 hours eating, drinking, and chatting up the wonderful owner and staff.  During this time, we were also given a dessert and 2 additional glasses of red on the house.  What a kind and thoughtful gesture!I seriously can't recommend this place highly enough.  Go check it out.  You can thank me later.
#REVIEW#Come here if you're a heavy meat eater like I am! I came here for a nice, delicious dinner before my trip to Canada, and I was not disappointed. Stopped by on a rainy afternoon and sat outside, which was great because it (weirdly) felt more cozy than I would have expected if I had sat inside. The service was great and my waiter was very informative and attentive. The meatballs were absolutely amazing  and the vegetables were roasted to perfection. 11/10 would come here again
#REVIEW#This is German food at its best. My friends and I did my favorite number: ordered a bunch of small and plates to share and have our fill of a variety of delicacies. The cheese plate was delicious, each item beautifully paired with the bread and jelly. Roasted veggies were fresh, cooked and seasoned perfectly. Crispy Swiss chard was also a good dish. The potato salad and spietzl were yummy, I've had better but can't complain too much. I of course had to order some bratwurst, because you can't go to a German place and not try their sausages. It was tasty and the mustard sauce complimented it well, though it lacked some umph... as in it doesn't stand out from those I've had elsewhere, but I still left no vestige of pork on my plate.The beer is most certainly approved, and I'm not generally a fan, so that's saying something! All in all, good times and full bellies. A nice spot to hang out and chat with friends downtown on a Friday night.
#REVIEW#Went here for a late night dinner with a friend and it didn't disappoint overall. We ordered the meat platter for two because, well, pork belly sausage and dumplings sounds like a very ideal dinner to me. Or any meal at that! The portions are more than enough for two as well and they come with this wooden jar of mustard. I found it odd they minded when my friend dipped his fork in this jar directly (do they reuse it)? Lol. I doubt this but either way, nothing to dwell on and they were very hospitable.1. Dumplings- they were good. I'm going to be honest I'm not sure what was in them but I'm going to assume potatoes and possibly cheese haha.2. Sausage- really good. Super juicy (okay, maybe not the right lingo for sausage) and filling as well.3. Pork Belly- this is where the meal fell flat. Typically pork belly done right is melt in your mouth buttery goodness but this pork belly was really tough meat and had way too much fat on it (I get that it's pork belly, but there's a limit)!
#REVIEW#We had such a nice experience at Cafe Katja.  I don't remember how I first heard about it, but I had been wanting to come here for a while.  We finally did.Although it may be true that they are located a little out of the way, that's why I like going out to eat in the Lower East Side.  It's not as touristy and has better quality establishments.I spent a year in Austria, and I really like Austrian food.  It's hard to find that cuisine in the US.  Turns out one of the owners is in fact Austrian.  The other owner's wife was our hostess/server.  She was just so nice and accommodating!  Best service in ages!What really impressed me was that they have Stiegl on tap, and it was not only VERY FRESH, but it was also served in the appropriate glass, as it is in Austria.  They also have a wine list with each of the major Austrian grape varietals, including Welsriesling, Zweigelt, Grüner Veltliner, and Blaufränkisch, which are very hard to find outside of Austria.
#REVIEW#This review is NOT about food. This morning we came for brunch. Website says they open at 11. Yelp says the same. We come at 11:10, the door is closed. An employee opens the door, smirks and says they open at 11:30. I'm puzzled. I call. Another employee picks up the phone. Says they CAN open and serve us drinks, but kitchen isn't ready... No sign on the door, no apologies, nothing. Not a good start to a Saturday brunch. I'm sure the place is lovely when open, but they need to do better with opening or at least put a note on the door. Something, really!
