#NAME#John's of Times Square
#URL#https://www.yelp.com/biz/johns-of-times-square-new-york-2?adjust_creative=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_lookup&utm_source=31ouhXIdHOHIgZpexUMXNA
#CUISINE#pizza#RATING#3.5
#PRICE#$$
#REVIEW#On our NYC excursion with our conference attendees, we popped in here for dinner at the recommendation of one of our team members. The pizza options were great. We enjoyed the two that we selected. I truly appreciated the amount of fresh basil on the margarita pizza, they were not stingy at all. The bruschetta pizza was spot on.. add a little fresh Parmesan cheese and it's a dance of flavors in your mouth. My only complaint is the thickness of the crust. It was a bit more thin crust than I would prefer from a NY slice. The bar area was PACKED, making it difficult to maneuver through the crowd to get to the tables and the bathroom was a little questionable, but you cannot go wrong with grabbing a few pies. Reasonably priced and delicious.
#REVIEW#It was okay, but not the best.The cheese was sort of rubbery, and gave off a really bad grease. There wasnt much sauce in the pizza. And the crust was floppy, and by far the best part of the pizza. It was crunchy and charred, and also chewy at the same time..It may have been a bad batch of pizza, but, I've had way better New York pizza before.
#REVIEW#Being from the DFW Area, I know absolutely nothing about good pizza.  I have, however, been to Italy and have to say that the pizza I had here is as good and as authentic as I had in Luca.  After agonizing over dismal to decent reviews of several pizza places in the city, we finally settled on this place, hoping for the best.  You just never know until you try it for yourself.  John's hit it out of the park!We decided to try this place for lunch today and must have gotten in just under the wire, because pretty much right after we were seated, there was a line of people outside the door.  Fortunately, it was just my mother and me.  It was smack dab in the middle of lunch time on a Saturday (around noon).  Upon entering, we were immediately greeted, seated and handed menus.  Our server (who didn't tell us his name) was polite and prompt.  We ordered the Pear Lady and my Mom ordered the Piña Colada, followed by the Mozzarella Wedges and the Gluten-Free Margherita 10" Pizza.  Both arrived to the table piping hot.  The breading and Mozzarella was fresh and the Marinara sauce was some of the most flavorful I've had.  Perfectly crispy thin crust with just the right amount of Mozzarella Cheese, Basil, and Tomato Sauce.  Win win for both of us.We both ordered the Mango Sorbet for dessert.  Pretty cool concept and neat presentation with the sorbet in the actual shell of the fruit.  I have never seen anything like it before.  Hands down one of the most memorable meals we've had in NYC.  We will be returning the next time we are in town.
#REVIEW#I wanted to like this place because I love pizza and it's NYC but the food just didn't do it for me. We ordered fried calamari, house salad, and garlic bread for appetizers. Then had chicken fettuccine and a large original with spinach, black olives and sausage. The calamari and salad were good but the rest was not. The pizza was salty and we couldn't finish it. Disappointed with our first taste of New York pizza. ***Extra stars for ambiance and service. The place was hopping and it was fun. Despite being packed our waiter was very nice and attentive. But I just can't bring myself to give John's more stars because ultimately it comes down to the food.
#REVIEW#Pizza had fresh ingredients, but pretty bland. The mozzarella wedges were great with no complaints there. Draft beer was $8/glass for domestic and $9 for a little better beer. Not many choices. Beer was cold and fresh tasting.
#REVIEW#If you're looking for a place with history this is a cool one to check out. It's a good place to sit down, relax, and grab a bite in Times Square. However, since it is in Times Square the price for what you get is pretty expensive. It's worth the splurge though if you want to avoid the chain restaurants nearby. The pizza was nothing to write home about, especially given that I could get a 99¢ slice down the street and it would taste just as good.
#REVIEW#The pizza was very basic at Johns. There was nothing special about it. I guess it's at Times Square and that's why it's so popular everywhere online. If you are at Times Square and you want a regular pizza, then this place isn't bad. It is very packed at all times so the wait is usually over 45 minutes after placing the order. The inside of the restaurant is pretty old and it's also a little hot inside. Overall its not a restaurant you should have on the top of your list if you're going to nyc for just a few days. There's many more restaurants that are way better. They're fancier and have much better food, whether it's pizza or any other food.
#REVIEW#The restaurant is really cool.  Apparently it as a converted church.  They retained a lot of that vibe.  There's a downstairs and balcony that overlooks downstairs.This place is clearly a tourist trap, as it's crowded as heck.  Get there at peak times and expect more than an hour wait.  But arrive at strategic times and you'll get seated fast.Pizza is good.  Kind of crispy crust compared to other NYC pizza.  Lots of topping choices.  Is it better than other NYC pizza joints all around Times Square (and all over the City for that matter)?  I'd say on par.  But the issue is it's really expensive compared to the other nearby establishments.  I'm glad I tried it and I certainly would eat here again.  But the price, smaller pizzas, and wait time dropped my score a little.
#REVIEW#John's of times Square is wonderful!! I do think it's not as good as John's of Bleecker St but I love coming here as well. The location is HUGE.I grabbed the plain cheese and the pepperoni pies and they were perfect. Definitely coming here before a Broadway show or if you're exploring midtown in need of some pizza.
#REVIEW#best NY style pizza in my taste ! Didn't wait too long to get seated in a beautiful looking restaurant that was apparently a church way back when. I love the view of seeing the pizza enter the coal fire oven and seeing them made from scratch. I ended up making a custom size pizza. Truly favorite toppings on pizza for me is meatball and ricotta! So of course when I bite into the cheesiest and crispy pizza, I never tasted anything like it ! I LOVED IT ! Definitely a must if you are with family and need a nice slice of NY pizza !
#REVIEW#877]My husband raved about this pizza so when we visited NYC I had to stop in to check it out.We arrived early so seating was quick but it  can definitely be a wait later in the day.  There is a side room, large dining area and a bar area.  I think there is an upstairs but I'm not sure.We ordered the Caesar salad plus chicken salad and it was HUGE. Two of ate from it and we had enough for another 2-3 meals.We ordered a large pizza pie and it is my favorite pizza by far.  The three of us finished a large pie.  We just did a plain pie which was fine with me.Hubby ordered the chicken parm which I did not enjoy.  It was too dry for me.  Perhaps it needed more sauce.Kid ordered the grilled chicken (no kids meals) which was perfect  for him.  Two large pieces of chicken.  He ate one and we put the other one with our Caesar salad.  We will definitely be back but will stay away from the chicken parm.The staff was friendly and attentive.  The ladies restroom was an embarrassment.  Definitely  should use some money and fix it.  The restaurant and bathroom did not match.
#REVIEW#Went here after seeing Stephen Colbert because the reviews on the one bite app were very promising (I'm not kidding that I'm a real deal pizza lover). My boyfriend and I ordered a large pepperoni pizza ($25) and shared a beer ($8). We expected it to be pricey given the location on broadway, but we felt like the pizza was a tad underwhelming. There was really no sauce to be had except for around the edge of the pizza, and the crust was lacking seasoning. Quite frankly, the pizza would have been sub-par without the pepperoni. We expected more for New York pizza (especially given that we have tried and been more than impressed by quite a few pizzerias in the city! A redeeming quality was that the waitress was very nice and attentive.
#REVIEW#The service here is horrid! You have to literally ask 4 people to help you before you actually get service.  So that would even be a glass of water. I get it... this is a popular touristy spot. It's normally crowded and they get a big rush for lunch. But when you are watching all of the servers walk by you pouring water at neighboring tables OR when you see them standing around by the pizza station chatting.... you might get a bit annoyed. On top of all this... when we finally received our drinks, they gave one of my friends the wrong drink. Hahaha! He received a Diet Coke and never ordered it. Maybe the waiter was trying to tell him something. Hahaha! Our colleagues went to the original Johns pizza and now I'm wishing we joined them.
#REVIEW#I've come here a few times after seeing a show. I LOVE the set up and the whole feel of the place. It's beautiful inside and I love that there are multiple levels and after a show it is a cool and refreshing  place to hang out as well as fun.But I just do not love their pizza. It isn't awful but it seems to have t much cheese for me and is a little thicker then I am used to. I am not wanting ultra thin or anything but I like an even amount of sauce and cheese and  I also prefer standard NYC Thin style. Also even though I never specifically ordered a white cheese pizza here, it seems that is their style. It seems like heavy on the White cheese, low on the tomato sauce and is not even close to being Thin style NYC Pizza. That  is just the style. I am not wild about it.However that being said, it's a beautiful place and the quality of the pizza is quite good..you can tell. It is just not the style I like at all.And the service is great. I will still come here if and when I'm in the area again and maybe order something else (if they have). I have never actually looked to see what they have other than pizza. I know you cannot get slices here, it is just Pies. But the atmosphere gets a ten.  It's a lovely place, particularly after seeing a show it is nice to just kick back and relax here.
#REVIEW#Ok, here goes. I had the Margherita Pizza. Being a west coast guy, I notice the differences.My New York style is made using simpler ingredients. Good crust, tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese and Basil. It was really nice to eat real cheese for a change.Thank you New York!
#REVIEW#I back to after 5yrs ago my ex telling me lies while we were wonderful NY trip. It is bitter comeback trip to NY . It was great food and drink and service then , everything got down ... I don't know what's happened this place ? Very very disappointed. I had to ask for plate and fork and knife 10min waited after I asked ...host at upstairs is not helping me to get plate . I went kitchen area took myself ...
#REVIEW#My complaint isn't with the food. I thought the calzone I had was pretty good, one of the better ones I've ever had. My complaint isn't with the bug that was in our water pitcher. My complaint isn't about the disgusting bathroom. My complaint was with the service (with the exception of our busser)We came here and everything was fine until there was a bug in our water pitcher. That was no big deal... stuff happens. We asked for another one and our server walked away and started complaining about us to his co-worker and we could hear it all. He brought us a new pitcher, and we didn't get new glasses because our glasses were full of the bug juice. About 10 more minutes later, we asked the busser for new glasses... he accidentally took our pitcher and had to ask for another one about another 5 minutes later. After that it felt like the staff wanted nothing to do with us. I was never asked if I wanted another drink, never asked if we wanted our water refilled, and waited another 30 minutes after we were done eating for the check. I'm a very patient and understanding person, but the cold shoulder from your server ruined the experience. Probably won't be coming back, ever.
#REVIEW#I've been to John's of Times Square a few times and absolutely love it! Anytime I am in Times Square and need somewhere to eat, I automatically think of coming here. Since it is so good, there have been time that I have had to stand on line outside the restaurant waiting to get in. The service is pretty fast so the line is not too bad, but in the winter it is cold and annoying to wait. Because of this I would recommend going at an off hour where they won't have as many people waiting. I usually order the mozzarella wedges as an appetizer. They are delicious! This previous time I ordered the mozzarella garlic rolls and they were amazing! Like garlic knows with mozzarella cheese inside. The pizza is always good here! There are never any leftovers. See attached pics of the garlic rolls and the pie!!
#REVIEW#Great Pizza! And even Gluten Excellent pizza. The Traditional is the best!The Margarita was good but different cheese so the taste was just ok. If your going to try New York pie then get the Tradition!Great place and right across the street from the Phantom of the Opera
#REVIEW#For how bougie I am, I still prefer New York pizza served in a cramped little shop instead of a giant restaurant. Granted, John's has historical significance because of the amphitheater it was converted from, but that seems to be the draw over the quality of pizza.  I know we got a few pizzas to share between six of us. They put us in a booth, which was not designed for that many people, considering how many food and drink items we ordered. I guess they were SO busy, there was no other table. I prefer comfort if I'm dining in a spacious restaurant like this. There was a long wait for both our table and the food. We tried to drink beer and wine in the meantime, but even those took awhile. The actual pizza itself wasn't very memorable, but as my fiancé says, it's far better than any pizza you can get in California. Generally not a fan of tourist traps, but I guess that's what you can expect around the holidays in Times Square. I'll say that this is a great choice if you have a big group of people and want to eat New York style pizza, but on any other occasion, I'd like to explore other options.
